A beautiful woman is snared by a young man who can't believe his good fortune.  She is well off and adores him. What can be better? Both are writers living in New York but they lose their jobs. In addition, the woman's parents become financially bereft and ask their daughter to borrow her money. Poor, they use the last of her money to buy a bar in his hometown which is run by her husband and his twin sister.Amy Elliott Dunne has another side to her personality that Nick Dunne is about to discover as the ideal marriage that he thought he had begins to fall apart. When Amy disappears Nick is believed to be the cause of her disappearance.Did he murder his beloved wife? Nick knows he didn't but all signs point to that conclusion. The police believe he is responsible for her absence. Her parents, who stand by him in the beginning, arrive at the same belief. The public and the media are likewise convinced.  He wonders if even his twin sister believes it as well. Before the reader discovers the truth, the reader becomes wrapped up in endless detail.This is a thriller that does keep one turning the pages but it roars to a pallid conclusion. I liked it but thought that someone should have spent more time editing as details are presented again and again.  I know many others will like this read but I was disappointed.
I honestly don't know how to rate this book. I'm giving it a 3 because the writing is excellent and the suspense is amazing. Halfway through the book I was telling everyone how wonderful it is. Then I got to the last few chapters and, honestly, I was nearly breathless with anticipation - and it just ended. Nothing, nada, zilch. No climax, no resolution, nothing. It was a good thing I read it on my Kindle or I would have thrown it out the window.There is no denying it is well written and has a terrific plot. Now, looking back on it, I can say, well, that was an interesting way to end it but emotionally it was awful. Sort of like making out with the partner of your dreams and then they fall asleep when you are really fired up. Oh well...
Gillian Flynn is a very talented writer. Her potential shows in each of her three novels. I loved Sharp Objects. I was not wild about Dark Places as a matter of personal preference, not because of any lack of writing talent as much as that I did not feel drawn to the characters, but I respect the work. I am disappointed in Gone Girl. Ms. Flynn has a clear talent for sharp and often witty prose, as well as a very vivid imagination. With Gone Girl, however, I felt she tried a bit too hard. The novel is divided into three sections. Section One introduces the main plot, and juxtaposes the two protagonists in back-to-back tellings of their respective versions of events, alternating one chapter for each. I found this a very effective tool to introduce some confusion and doubt regarding who exactly to believe, as well as some insight into how we all can miscommunicate with each other. His story, Her story, and the Truth. The Second section takes a radical turn, increasing the tension developed in the First section even more. A very neat trick, very inventive. The overreaching, in my opinion, begins to occur in the Third section. Plot lines become stretched, and the characters start to feel made up rather than real; the whole thing begins to feel unbelievable. The final summation of the book takes a new twist past the plot line itself and into the psychology of relationships, and this is where I felt the novel really fell apart. I had the feeling Ms. Flynn, a gifted writer, had run into a serious case of writer's block somewhere about two-thirds into this novel, and just began to punt. She seemed to try to outdo herself with twists and turns that began to lack a sense of authenticity. Inventiveness turned into contrivance. The issues that shaped Sections One and Two suddenly were resolved, and there began a departure into something new, but I did not feel satisfied that the mysteries presented in Sections One and Two had been satisfactorily concluded as much as forced to ending. My advise to Ms. Flynn for (hopefully) some future novel, if I could offer my advise, would be to keep it simple and not try to be clever and overreach with incessant twists and sudden jumps into new terrain. Better to finish one story well than to over-complicate with too much novelty.I can not say I disliked this book. The first two sections kept me coming back for more. I wish it had stayed on course the entire time instead of veering into new waters at the end.************************** WARNING - SPOILER ALERT **************************The alternating voices of Nick and Amy really kept me guessing as to who was telling the more reliable version of the truth through the entire first section.The opening paragraphs of the second section stunned me, and I found myself rereading them a few times to make sure I was getting it right. Having Adorable Amy transform into Psycho Amy this way was a shocker, and added energy to the story.Disbelief began in the third section with Amy's return. The mystery element was now gone. We had been told all through section two that Amy had invented the entire frame-up, but this still left room for a sudden twist to occur where, we might have been told, it wasn't that at all, it REALLY was something ELSE, had Ms. Flynn chosen to take that path. But she didn't. Instead, we were presented with the necessary, and forced, pseudo-reconciliation between Nick and Amy. We were not informed of any police work into the truthfulness of Amy's story. Apparently the police were too embarrassed to do any further work after falsely accusing Nick in sections one and two. Not very believable. For all the work put into constructing the frame-up in the first two sections, there was almost no work put into making Amy's story seem really believable both to the cops and to the public. Everyone just seemed to accept her word at face value, period end. The descent into the psychology of dysfunction in relationships at the conclusion of this third section would have been better suited for a new, different novel, than as the ending of this one. There was just too much ground to cover, psychologically speaking, and considering the level of dysfunction being as high as it was (read: psychopathic) to simply brush it all to perfection in a final rushed section. I found this ending the most disappointing part of the book, not for its theme of dysfunction, but because it simply did not belong here in this book, much less as its resolution and conclusion. I felt a real lack of closure when I had finished. A strong storyline had been abandoned, and a premise for a new and complex discussion of relationships and human nature was not given its due.
Kept you wondering...big climatic let down the last chapter..not sure id read  the sequel because so disappointed In the ending!
If you haven't read ""Gone Girl"" and are somewhat confused by the reviews--which is not unlikely, since there always seem to be some who love a book or movie and some who hate it--perhaps the following will help:You'll probably like ""Gone Girl"" if you enjoy:  (1) A story with surprising twists.  (2) Alternating chapters written from two different characters' points of view.  (3) ""Film noir.""You'll probably give thumbs down to ""Gone Girl"" if you don't like:  (1) A story that doesn't have a major sympathetic character for you to identify with and root for, because it focuses on totally unlikable people.  (2) A relatively unhappy ending.  (3) Violence that is never brought to justice.For me, Agatha Christie (""Endless Night"") did it better because she included at least one major character I liked and cared about (Ellie Guteman Rogers). And a final page that gave me chills.
WARNING: What's about to follow is a review from a reader who only made it to page 220 and abandoned the book, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't read it! It's superbly written, witty, dark, and twisted. Yet I couldn't identify with the characters and couldn't finish it. Here is why.When I picked up Gone Girl, I was ready for a sick twisted thrill of some mystery and perhaps madness and perhaps even a glimpse into a psychopathic mind. I got none. It had a promising start but by about page 10 I started wondering who the characters really were, turning page after page, waiting for some glimpse inside, and it was eluding me. Stuff was happening, but emotionally it was empty. I needed to know WHY the characters were doing what they were doing. I read some more, hoping to find out, and then I started sensing something fishy, like there was a mystery but it was too thinly veiled. In short, the big reveal on page 219, THE BIG TWIST, I saw it coming from the very beginning. I guess that was my last straw.Gone Girl is a story told in two alternating story lines, one by Nick, the husband, and one by Amy, the wife, both narratives about 6 years apart in time that collide close to the end (I skimmed to last chapter.) It's a hoppity game-like narration with very choppy, snarky, and sometimes very bitter observations, about marriage, about love, about life in general. At times it almost sounded like a bitter black-and-white observations of two teenagers who think they're adults. I'm okay with bitterness, but this bitterness felt like it had no ground, there was not enough meat for me to believe as to WHY these two people would do the things they did to each other. I wanted backstory, I wanted to know their real pain. Well, I didn't find it by page 220, so I abandoned the book.BUT! Don't listen to me. If you're looking for a light snarky oh-my-god-what-will-happen-next read, go for it. If you're not the type that likes to drill deep into a book's meaning, you might like it. Remember, this is simply my personal opinion, and that's all there is to it. It might not have been a perfect book for me, but it might be a perfect book for you. It was too much unfounded unreasoned bitterness for me, that's all.
I liked all the twists and turns in the book.  It was a quick, easy read.  One huge problem however was the ending.  I felt like the author did not know how to end the book so she just stopped writing.  The ending was a major disappointment.
Ms. Flynn's first book was superlative. Her second was befuddling. I don't even know what to say about this one. It starts out with a bang, the reader is drawn into the creepy everyman charm of the lead character Nick. His brittle sardonic wry commentary on his failings and foibles, his descent into mediocrity in Missouri (a fate worse than death). His irreverent relationship with his formerly beloved wife, who apparently has crashed from her former pedestal and is now an object of distaste. Did he do away with her? I couldn't turn the pages fast enough I couldn't put it down. Then shriek crash a 180 degree turn and we're careening off in a new direction. Hang on what goes here! And then...a gradual decline. By the time I got to the end I so thoroughly disliked just about every single character, most particularly the two protagonists, that I just wanted it to be over. It reminded me very strongly of War of the Roses, a good character study of a selfish venal vindictive couple. As they swing to their final crashing interlocked fate you are thinking did two people ever deserve each other more.
I'd rate this novel 5stars for the writing style 2.5 for the plot. An exciting beginning, even if it felt predictable, I still enjoyed getting wrapped up in the characters and the details of their thoughts. About 2/3 of the way through the book, the events and characters started to get too unbelievable, that spoils it for me. Still there were many unexpected twists and developments so it never got boring - not until near the end. The last 1/4 of the story seemed weak, and as others have said, rushed.
Let me begin by saying that I am extremely glad I was able to borrow this book on Kindle from my local library.  I was really looking forward to reading this book and I wanted to love it.  It started out fantastic and I spent a near-sleepless night trying to get to the end.  However, about three-quarters of the way through, I realized that both lead characters were conceited, arrogant, hateful, vengeful, pathetic idiots who completely deserved each other.  Truly, both leads simply began to disgust me, but I plowed through the rest of the book hoping for a great payoff at the end.  NO!  This book has a weak and anticlimactic ending that really makes no sense.  Overall, a complete letdown.
I finally read this book because of all the wonderful reviews. It was a good story but for some reason it didn't feel 5 star to me. The ending left me hanging a little and it wasn't a good feeling. Not sure how this author managed to do this. First I started out liking both Nick and Amy. Then I started disliking Nick, then I started disliking Amy and by the end of the book I wasn't too thrilled with either of them. It left a bad taste at the end. I didn't have anyone to cheer for. I guess you could call it a book with anti-heroes.
I finally got around to reading this. I wanted to wait until the hype died down before I dug in, so all of my thoughts and opinions would be unbiased.I think this is a good, but not great book. It’s well written, the characters are well developed, the plot is good, but what really makes the book is the structure. The first half of the book is told in first person narrative, alternating between Nick Dunne, the main male character in present time, and his wife, Amy’s (the titular character) diary entries for the last seven years. Amy has gone missing on her fifth wedding anniversary and all the clues (a fake crime scene, Nick’s outstanding credit card bills, Amy’s life insurance being increased shortly before her disappearance, Amy’s diary entries showing her increasing fear of Nick, etc.) point to Nick, her useless husband, who has a mistress. He seems guilty for sure.That is, until we get to the halfway point and we meet the real Amy, who takes over the narration from her diary entries. It turns out that she…SPOILER ALERT!...puts the crazy bitch in crazy bitch and planned her disappearance over a year in advance after she catches Nick cheating on her and realized that she was mad as hell and wasn’t going to take it anymore, and her idea of not taking it in anymore is setting her cheating husband up for murder. She plans to stay away until he gets caught, which will most likely happen, thanks to all the “evidence” she planted, and then actually kill herself as a coup de grace to Nick.Things change after she sees Nick, “contrite” (he’s now playing her like she played him when she set him up for murder - he figured it out thanks to some clues she left behind), during an interview over the way he’s treated her over the years, she gets jumped and robbed by two rednecks at the cabin she’s hiding out in, and has to lean on a former lover by the name of Desi for help, who turns out to be extremely possessive and controlling. He treats her much the same way Nick felt Amy treated him.Another dramatic twist comes when Amy ends up going back to Nick, after killing Desi and framing him for her disappearance. Nick and she engage in a cold war after she comes back, with Amy winning after she finally allows herself to become pregnant with Nick’s child and he feels compelled to stay with her in a loveless, toxic marriage for the sake of his son.If all of that sounds confusing, it’s nothing compared to the book, where nothing is what it seems. I have to say this book serves as a nice counterbalance to the Fifty Shades of Grey series that came out last year. Where Grey was a supposedly dark look at an S&M relationship, but only turned out to be poorly written fan fiction basic love story with a little S&M thrown in as a hook, Gone Girl actually depicts an S&M relationship, where Amy & Nick take turns being the sadist and masochist. Unlike Ana & Christian, both characters are interesting and fleshed out and could actually be real people.What keeps me from loving this book is that it didn’t stay with me after I read it. I was easily able to put it down after I was done and I think it was because I didn’t become attached to any of the characters, although I doubt I was supposed to. It was fun to read Amy’s hilarious and insightful, not to mention batshit crazy inner thoughts, though.On one final note, I don’t see why so many people are complaining about Ben Affleck playing Nick. He has the look (handsome fratboy douche) and his natural personality, in my opinion, is very close to Nick’s, so he won’t even have to act (and he can act. Watch him in Hollywoodland. He’s amazing there.)
I absolutely love mysteries. So I expected to love this book.But I didn't. Perhaps it's because my expectations were too high based on all the buzz for this book. Perhaps it's because I've read thousands of books in my life and a mystery has to be extremely well-written for me to be amazed by it. Perhaps I couldn't enjoy it as, having been in a long-term relationship with an extremely self-absorbed, toxic partner, I had absolutely no interest in experiencing any more of it in my life.The first half of the novel is somewhat of a mystery. The vanishing of a wife and the consequences of that disappearance are relayed to us through alternating excerpts from the husband's first-person narrative and the wife's diary entries.But then, halfway through, the mystery is over. We know what happened. And all that's left is just graphic descriptions of horrible things done by horrible people. What a disappointment.This novel is a deconstruction of the relationship between two extremely self-absorbed people who -- if they could ever manage to be honest enough with a psychiatrist -- would likely be diagnosed with either Narcissistic Personality Disorder or Borderline Personality Disorder.Ultimately, I did not end up caring about either character, and felt that they both got exactly what they deserved. I just felt sorry for the undeserving third character which was going to have to spend a lifetime being subjected to them.If you like the kind of sordid horror fiction which hits the bestseller lists, or you've not had to deal with sociopaths in your real life, you will probably enjoy this.But if you're a serious reader of clever and intelligent mysteries, or you find sociopaths tiresome rather than interesting, you may find this as unsatisfying as I did.
This is one of those books I would never have read if I hadn't been going on a loooong plane journey. And for that, it was perfect: addictive, not requiring too much brain power to follow the twists and turns. I was hooked early on, and read voraciously until the (yes, annoying) end.Having said that, this is also one of those books I ended up cursing, because it could have been so good if it hadn't gone so badly wrong. Still reading? Okay, here are my gripes, and they do contain spoilers, so you've been warned!1.) Amy. Yes, she was fun to hate, but ultimately she was irritatingly unbelievable. You all know the term Mary Sue? Well, Amy is the anti-Mary Sue: so good at being bad that I stopped believing in her long before the book finished. Don't get me wrong, I love the Amy's-a-sociopath twist as a concept, and didn't even find it predictable. But as it played out, Amy's character became more and more impossible. No one is good at everything, yet Amy is apparently knock-out gorgeous, MENSA smart, and so charming that no one ever questions the certifiably bizarre things that happen to her. She's able to get the best of everybody, all the time, and I think that's why the book's ending annoyed so many people, including me. It's not just that we expect the villain to get her just deserts, it's that she doesn't even have to struggle not to get them.2.) Amy's parents. Never mind that their bestselling book series would never get off the ground in Real Life, how can two well-educated psychologists fail to notice that their daughter is a sociopath? Even allowing for a bit of denial, given their stillbirth history, it's hard to believe they never noticed anything weird about their daughter's recurrent victimhood. Parents know when something's not right, and parents of sociopaths generally admit to having known, even if they never spoke up before the proverbial s--- hit the fan.3.) Amy's disguise. So she dyed her hair, put on glasses and gained a few pounds. The woman is all over national T.V., and more to the point, the people in the hotel admit to watching the news stories about her. They are suspicious of her and ultimately steal a lot of money from her. Did they seriously never click that this was Amy?4.) Amy's planned suicide. Really? I mean, REALLY? This woman would never actually kill herself over a cheating husband. What would be the point? Where would her satisfaction in revenge come from if she dies as well? Makes no sense.5.) Desi. Another apparently clueless victim. Yeah, he thinks she's hot and he's a bit neurotic to boot. But again, no suspicion of her after what went down with them in boarding school, and what he knows went down when she framed her husband for murder?6.) The fingerprints on the stuff in the shed. Amy hauled all of that stuff up to the bedroom and put her husband's fingerprints all over it and he never woke up? What about the forensic guys - wouldn't they see that these things had not been handled in the way a real, waking person would handle them?7.) The crowning glory, the pregnancy. First of all, she got pregnant mighty fast. But second, and most important, I can't see how she would ever have been able to do it without her husband knowing. I've been through infertility treatments. Unless you've signed something, both partners have to sign off on everything, every step of the way. So yes, I think in the end that the conclusion was a dirty trick.And so - an entertaining read, but so very, annoyingly flawed!
...Yeah, that's what I was saying as I read the last line of this book.  I Just finished reading this book...like literally finished it 2 minutes ago!  And all I can say is, ""Really?""  After sticking with this book through all the twist and turns, waking up in the middle of night just to get through another chapter, to see what happened next, and she(Gillian Flynn) leaves me with ""I don't have anything to add. I just wanted to make sure I had the last word.""  I find myself, thinking ""Am I being punked?!""  and quoting the father in the story ""Bitchbitchbitchbitch""The ending was so ill written and didn't make any sense.  I found myself asking questions like, ""Why didn't they check where Desi was on the 7/5?  What about all the purchases and cash advances, they had to be in her script and not his, they'd have to have her/him on camera purchasing things,  even if she purchased on-line, she couldn't do cash advance on-line and there would have to be an electronic ""finger print"" of when and what computer the purchases were made and he could prove he was at work, etc....just too bazaar the way it ended...not as thought out as the rest of the book.  I hope that she(Flynn) doesn't expect to add a sequel this book, I don't think as a reader there's enough ""meat"" in this story nor the characters to carry an entire sequel, as a reader I just need about another two chapters to wrap this thing up and Im good.
Having seen this title on the Best Seller list for several weeks, I was excited to take it on vacation. I liked the way each chapter flipped between the husband and the wife. I waffled between favoring one partner or the other as the story progressed. About half way through, I even applauded the author's clever way of tricking this reader. But shortly after the mid-way point, things really slowed down and I just wanted to hurry and get to the end. THAT was certainly a disappointment!After all that drama, I expected a much more definitive conclusion. It almost seemed like the deadline snuck up on the author. Glad I checked it off my list, but didn't share it with anyone.
This book was just OK.  It had a lot of clever parts but overall was very unrealistic and I found myself really hating the characters, which didn't make me overly excited to keep reading.
*** This book review, as well as many more, can also be found on my blog, The Baking Bookworm (www.thebakingbookworm.blogspot.ca).My Review:  I admit to being a little slow on the uptake when it came to picking up this book.  It's been out for two years and has been highly recommended to me by quite a few people.  With the upcoming movie featuring Ben Affleck in the works I thought I'd finally pick it up to see what all the fuss was about.This was a good read but I wouldn't call it a great read.  It was a hard to put down book for the first part and sure, there were twists but not nearly as many as I was expecting for such a popular suspenseful read.  I guess I thought that for the amount of hype surrounding this book that the twists would be more shocking and out of left field.Gone Girl started out strong for me but as I kept reading the rating I had in my head for it began to decrease from a 4.5 to a 3.5 or even a 3.  The pace and suspense starts our really strong but somewhere around half way the suspense just wasn't there for me and when the book ended suddenly (I'm talking literary skid marks!) my rating plummeted more.  There was no finality to the ending.  It just ended and that was very unsatisfying.The characters were interesting in their own creepy ways and I did find myself rooting for Nick and Amy at different times in the book.  But I never felt like I liked them.  Maybe it's because they are utterly miserable throughout the entire book.  Honesty, it's hard to believe that a couple could be THAT dark and twisted which (here's hoping!!) is totally non-relatable for the average marriage.  Some of Nick and Amy's decisions left me shaking my head because for fairly smart people they made really stupid decisions -- decisions that could affect their entire lives.I think part of the issue that I had with this book is that the plot was too intricate.  So much so that it became unbelievable.  It felt like everything that happened in the first part of the book was just all part of the bigger plan.  Everything had a reason and was plotted out in minute detail to the point where it became ridiculous and hard to believe.SPOILER BELOW!!!From the second part of the book, Amy goes from this brilliant (that word was overused!) sociopath with an intricate plan to trusting two strangers that begin to derail her ultimately evil plan.  It was hard to believe that a woman who set up this elaborate plan would succumb to such naivety.  It was ridiculous.  Amy was supremely patient when it came to concocting her plan and then falls for the obvious plan of two strangers and believes Nick's TV plea.  Her change of heart happened so fast I think I got whiplash.  Seriously unbelievable that she could be this brilliant psychopath and yet also be this gullible idiot who suddenly believes her cheating husband adores her again.END OF SPOILEROverall, this was just an OK read.  It started off strong and then the characters and ending chipped away at my rating so that by the end of the book I was left with a generous 3/5 stars.  I think I'll take a pass at watching the movie.My Rating: 3/5 stars
I'm an avid reader and read a minimum of 40 books a year, closer to 50.  Recently, I feel like I'm completely out of touch with what is happening around me in the literary world.  Most of the books that are on the best seller list, I find either mediocre or completely lacking with Gone Girl being in the mediocre category.Was Gone Girl a page-turning thriller?  Absolutely.  Was it a well written, plausible story? Absolutely not.What happened to well written books?  Why does the main character in this book sound like a whiny teenager even though she's supposed to be in her 30s?  Why is this dumbing down of literature happening around us?  I know this is supposed to be a review of Gone Girl, and it is but it is also a lament of the well written and thought out book.The first part of the book was sound and a real page turner, despite the fact that the writing in the female character's journal got on my last nerve.  It was truly the journal of a 16 year old girl, even though you later find out that this is part of the story.  The writing however, never improves!  Be that as it may, the first half was well developed, credible and interesting.Then you get to the second half.  Oh my, what to say about the second half.  It continues to be a page turner but not in the way you would think.  You keep wanting to turn the page to see if the foolishness of the story line can somehow be saved.  Alas, it cannot.  The story continues to become more implausible and finally explodes in a spectacular display of absurdity.My other problem with this book was the portrayal of the female character.  ***SPOILER ALERT***: In the first half, she is a pushover, mousy wife who will put up with anything to hold on to her husband because she is so desperate for a man.  In the second half, she's a psychotic, conniving witch who outsmarts everyone but does it because,... yes, you guessed it, she will do anything to hold on to her husband because she is so desperate for a man. And remember, this is a portrayal of a woman by a female author.  Between the portrayal of women by other women in this book and 50 Shades of Grey, all ll I can say is, God help us all.I give it three stars because I finished it and the first half was good.  But the positives end there.  I think I'll take a break from best sellers for a while....
I have to say that I gave this book 3 stars, almost exclusively, because I think Flynn is a phenomenal writer.  I happened upon Flynn by accident (looking for a decent `suspense/thriller' type book for an upcoming trip).  She had good reviews, so I downloaded Dark Places.  Dark Places, along with Gone Girl, have such well defined characters, and Flynn's writing style - I am not sure what it is - but, it pulls you into the story and into the characters.  That, to me, is key for any good book.  I looked forward to reading this book, primarily because of Go, the twin sister.  I'm a twin and a big fan of anything with twins...kinda hooky, but, it'll get me every time.Gone Girl was semi-predictable.  The twist everyone speaks/writes of, was anticipated, at least for me.  Maybe not to the degree I had expected, but it was still there.  Regardless, I was hooked on the story line and ""what would happen""...To avoid any spoiler, I will just say that I was disappointed in the end (as I was with Dark Places).  Flynn, and her fluid writing style, kept me reading to find out what happened...it was great...and then, all of a sudden, there was a huge wrap up of the story, and a very strange ending.  An ending that I ultimately had to do a Google search on to see if I missed something.  Apparently, I did not.  Either that - or, Flynn is leaving it open for a sequel.  It is doubtful that I would read any sequel.Disappointed with the end of Gone Girl, disappointed with Dark Places.  I won't read another story to be disappointed.
I don't regret taking the time to read this book, but it definitely lost steam at the end, and I hated the ending of this book, which was very disappointing. I would recommend this book, but I would also give fair warning about a poor ending.
I have rather mixed feelings about this book. I really looked forward to reading it - I love both of Flynn's previous books in all their absorbing and dark strangeness. And while this latest novel is certainly interesting, it did not live up to my admittedly high expectations for it.It is well-written - without a doubt. The characters, in both their positive and negative qualities, are three-dimensional and realistic. They come more and more to life as the reader is drawn deeper and deeper into the marriage of Nick and Amy. The complexity that is added in the second and third sections makes the book particularly enjoyable.The length of the first section, and the blatant reader manipulation, however, really bothered me. This first section makes up more than half of the book, and by the second section, I at least, felt that too much time had been devoted to a deception. While this does help build rapport with one of the central characters, it made the second and third sections, which were much stronger, seem much too short in length and led to a not fully satisfying conclusion based on everything that was built up in the first section.
....because it wasn't the same person that wrote the first 75%, which was absolutely brilliant.  As other reviewers have mentioned - and I'm piling on - the ending was not nearly as clever as the rest of the book and left me very disappointed.  I'm going to give it 3 Stars, and pretend I didn't read the last several chapters.The writing, character development, imagery, tension, and pit-in-stomach feeling was fantastic through the first 75%.  If you are an inspiring writer, I highly recommend you grab a box of highlighters, a box of pens, some notebook paper and read this book, so that you know how to capture these elements in a story.  Don't forget to read the last 25% because there are lessons there as well, such as having the ending figured out, before you reach a ""no turning back"" point, which Flynn clearly hit.
I can't believe I actually finished reading this book.  The main characters are both unsympathetic, spoiled, self absorbed, cliches.  The plot is very interesting with unexpected twists, but the ending felt like the author ran out of ideas. For a book that spent so long on the best sellers list, it was a huge disappointment to me.
I loved the book until the last few chapters. Part of me is disappointed because I was so engrossed I feel like the end was a slap in the face. It seems that is what the author was going for. If so, bravo. I read the book in 8 hours. I can't lie when I say I couldn't put it down. I become so wrapped up in a novel I don't want to do anything else until I finish it. I don't always have that chance so this was a lovely lazy Sunday read.(SPOILERS BELOW! SPOILERS BELOW--SCROLL IF YOU DID NOT READ THE BOOK!!!!)What I have issue with (again, I repeat: SPOILERS! SPOILERS!)*Everything hinges on Amy being 3 steps ahead of everyone and thinking of every angle and twist. I appreciate that and admit her cunning and obsessive nature made for an interesting read. You love to hate her. Like a bad soap opera villainess.Desi wasn't well thought out. He was an escape. He was a last ditch effort at surviving without having to earn money for herself. So she could not have planned his whereabouts while she was missing. The author makes a point to describe how up his arse his mother is. What about his July 5th alibi? He lived 40 minutes away. The cops checked him out and he was cleared. I believe they even mention early on he has an alibi or he's not even considered a suspect. How did all of that disappear? I know she planted physical evidence. But the cops were so on top of Nick over his lack of alibi the morning of the disappearance. They didn't try to find out where Desi was. Even if his mother looked desperate--the man was wealthy and went out for expensive lunches and outings and rubbed elbows with other rich people. I wish they explored that avenue.*Her interview was hollow. I know as the reader I had all the inside info and therefore knew her testimony was b.s. But she gave waaaaaaay too much information to be an innocent victim. She had all the details of the investigation. They didn't think it was a little odd the rapist went out of his way to tell her everything and plant a lot of evidence?*Why wouldn't the vomit count as evidence that she was crazy? Her testimony was a sweet and innocent angle ""oh gee gosh golly I did get sick I don't know why"" but then suddenly she's had her vomit frozen all this time? Why didn't the sperm bank count as evidence that he did want children? They could have had record of them trying so he wouldn't look like he did not want kids at all. If they checked out the sperm bank in trying to prove he actually did want children they would have found she authorized his semen to be frozen.I guess it all boils down to my disappointment over how her arrival was handled. Even if the ending remained the same I wish they explored the process of proving it was Desi as she said it was instead of just moving along. The pacing was great throughout the book but the last few chapters seemed to speed along as if she was tired of going into too much detail. I know I am totally overanalyzing--but isn't that what the book is about? How Amy overanalyzed and plotted and planned?Overall, I did enjoy the book. It was a good read. I just wish the pacing didn't change at the end. And yes, I am one of those disappointed in the ending.
A friend recommended this book to me.  After I finished it I called her and told her that I hated her.This is one of those books that will get a reaction out of you.  It might not be a positive reaction, but it will be a reaction.The first half of the book was not doing anything for me.  I kept wondering why my friend had told me that I would love it.  Then came the twist with the second half of the book and I realized right away why I was not connecting with the characters in the first half.  IT WAS ALL A LIE.I don't want to give away any spoilers but half to say that this book is a crazy thrill ride.  If you can hang in there till the twist when you realize what a crazy ride you are on it is well worth it.I can't say that I loved either of the main characters.  Talk about twisted.  But you can't put it down.  It is like a train wreck where you can't turn your head.  There are no redeeming qualities in these characters.  There is no one to root for.  It is just a twisted, dark book.  And then it ENDS.  Just END's.  ""I just wanted to have make sure I had the last word""  What does that mean?  Is the twisted punishment going to start all over again?  This is the kind of ending that I hate.So if you love a book with characters that you will hate.  Characters with no redeeming qualities and ending that leave you hanging this is the perfect book for you.If you are not into dark and twisted stories, then don't bother because that is all this one has going for it.
There were so many glowing reviews of Gone Girl that I was really engaged when I began reading.  Told from an unusual perspective of first person in the alternating viewpoints of the husband and wife, it was interesting to get a peek at the beginning of this relationship.The first few chapters zipped along and then started a subtle shift.  The wife has gone missing and every outside indication is that the husband has killed her.But that couldn't be true because we are in his viewpoint and he's as puzzled as we are.  So we trust the first person device and move on to see what really happened.As secrets from their marriage are revealed, we start to lose faith in our hero and soon don't like him much.  But just when we almost decide he's guilty--the wife starts to reveal some nasty secrets of her own.  And back and forth it goes as we learn neither was anywhere near the kind of person they revealed in first person narrative, until after a while, I just don't care what happens to either of them.  He's selfish and lazy, she is psychotic and narcisstic.  The perfect couple.But the book goes on.  And on.  Ultimately, they are reunited in a new kind of hell; one of the gets away with murder and their future together is assured--if horrifying.  The lack of consequence for the actions taken by this person and the fact that the other will be saddled in marriage with a killer leaves me very unsettled.  And feeling kind of like I need a bath.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is a good book gone bad.I could barely put the book (well, my iPad) down once I’d started Gone Girl. The writing gives the story wings, and the plot oozes suspense. But, ultimately, I really didn’t like the way the story developed. I wouldn’t recommend this book. The narrator in Gone Girl switches between Nick Dunne and his wife, Amy Elliott. Almost immediately we discover that Amy is missing and Nick is a suspect. Nick’s account begins on “the day of” and continues in a chronological fashion from there. Amy’s account begins with her diary entries where we meet a sweet, doting and incredibly understanding woman who’s madly in love with her man.I won’t say much more about the plot because the intrigue of this book comes from trying to figure out exactly what happened, when and how. I will note that the second part of the book turns unexpectedly brutal and ugly.The worst part about Gone Girl is the author’s depiction of a woman that feeds some of the most extreme and negative female stereotypes. There are three different instances where a woman in the book makes a false claim of rape.  I don’t mind a story where women are villains, but the underlying disdain directed, in one way or another, at almost all of the female characters in the book made Gone Girl impossible to enjoy.
I have to admit, this book is a page turner!  I found myself barely able to put it down at times.  I was not confused by the alternating POV and the plot twists-Awesome! All of the characters are fairly realistically drawn, even though you have difficulty liking most of them.  The pacing was good-frustrating but good and the psychology was intriguing on a many levels. I found myself staying up late, late trying to finish it last night. Then, today, as I reached the last pages-disappointment.  After getting so involved with these characters and investing time in the narrative, I'm sorry I recommended it to so many people. Yes, there are plenty of people who will like this ending and if it was classified as a horror story rather than a thriller, then the ending wouldn't be so...unsatisfying. There were so many different ways this could've ended and been much more satisfying-instead, it ended up feeling a bit rushed, contrived and just plain unbelievable-chilling, terrifying and scary, yes-but not believable. That's not to say that it doesn't leave you thinking about it after you are finished. It does, it's just not my idea of what I want in a book.A warning, quite a bit of colorful language (some very jarring and I'm no prude)as well as some very disturbing psychological aspects that may bother some people.
I think that the author really did not mean for this book to be a thriller or a murder mystery.  Because it actually focused more on characterization than anything else.  It was a study, a dissection of a relationship, a sociological examination of what happens to people in a marriage, especially when those people are basically unhealthy, even mentally ill.  It also strives to analyze the differences between men and women, how they see the world and each other and how they interpret each other's behavior and deal with rejection and disappointment and anger. As such a study the book works pretty well.  As a mystery I found it lacking. I didn't think there were any real surprises other than Amy's behavior at the end of the novel which was inconsistent and confusing and contrived.  Basically unbelievable. I know I would have enjoyed the book more if I had had a character that I could root for and care deeply about.  And if there was exoneration and peace for that beloved character at the end.  That's the kind of story I really enjoy.  But that was not the author's intent and she has the right to tell the story as she imagines it, to get her own message out as she sees fit. The writing was wonderful, exciting and unique.
Ok, technically, I shouldn't write a review, as I didn't get through the full book. There are 8000+ reviews here---mostly favorable--- but I just couldn't get into this one. I made it about half-way through, and though the underlying story is intriguing, these characters didn't give me much to hold onto.The writing style in the book is interesting, as the author goes back and forth between past and present. I assume that in the end, the two story lines meet. The characters aren't particularly likable, but the author's approach does provide a window into how one relationship began and then seemingly disintegrated. The contrast between male and female perspectives on relationships was also illuminated (I didn't count, but I wonder what the gender breakdown is between those who five-starred the book versus those who did not).With the number of positive reviews this book has, I wouldn't discourage you from reading it. I am obviously in the minority opinion here. I just wish the book would have had more 'pull' than I found to be true.
I liked the first half but then it just got stupid. I'm usually good at suspending disbelief but I just couldn't do it with this book. The main characters were both despicable.
I was encouraged to read this book by a co-worker, who said she couldn't put it down.  Well, I have to admit that it wasn't a difficult read, but it was an annoying read.  One of the most annoying aspects of the story was the insistence on referring to Nick's sister, Margo, as Go.  Really, is it that difficult to add one more syllable?  There were no appealing or likeable characters in the book, the story line was annoying, and the ending just made me want to scream.  It sucked!I think Ms. Flynn excels at writing an intriguing story with a great amount of detail, and will no doubt have a very successful career.  I have been given a copy of Sharp Objects, also by Gillian Flynn, but I just cannot force myself to begin what I expect to be yet another annoying story.  If this is the kind of story you enjoy, this book will appeal to you.  It did not appeal to me.
It took about 150 pages into the book before I became engaged in the storyline - much too long.  It finally grabbed my interest only to let me down again, feeling like I was being strung along.I determined that the marriage between Amy and Nick Dunne was just one big game.  Perhaps they deserved one another.  I really didn't have good feelings about either one of them - not much to like.  The conclusion was very pallid, lacking any degree of intensity - a big let down.On a positive note - this book had to take a lot of deep thought to be so cleverly written with so many twists and turns throughout.  For this reason I gave it 3 stars.  However, I found the book to be filled with tawdry vulgarity throughout and it certainly didn't add to the storyline.  I was turned off early on by this overused language.  I just can't recommend this book.
Started with some promise but became a drag and limped to the finish.  Very disappointed. In the end had to work hard to finish.
When I began the book I was enjoying it, though it's quite different from what I usually read. I enjoyed the plot, the characters, the writing style and the humor. But as I continued (and I did finish it) I noticed I was becoming less enthusiastic. I felt it could have benefited from some additional editing. And whereas I had been sympathetic to both characters at the beginning, I became less and less so as the book continued. Didn't like the ending at all and I was totally worn out and disgusted with the two main characters. I'm stretching it to give this book 3 stars, but since it held my attention enough to finish it I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt. I wouldn't read another book by this author.
Ugh. This book. It ended up being a great story. But I was 30% through the book before I actually WANTED to read it. Before that I was forcing myself to because I figured it had to be good if they made a movie out of it. I didn't care for the author's writing style. A little too fancy for me. I get it. You're a big time fancy writer, but I don't know what several of these words even mean so take it down a notch. With that being said, I am an educated woman with a bachelor's degree and work in publishing so I'm not out of my league here. Sometimes I feel writers think they need to use big fancy words to prove they can write. Not the case. And it's a turn off for me.
I'm just going to come out and say it: Gone Girl pissed me off to no friggin' end.  That's the one feeling that remained consistent to me throughout the whole novel.  Sure the things that pissed me off were different each time I read a new chapter, but that feeling just did not go away while I was reading.  In fact, it's still lingering despite the fact that I have already finished reading the novel.  So just know that you might experience feelings that may vary from mild annoyance, to pissed off, to maybe, if you're particularly sensitive, out and out rage.  There's my disclaimer.First things first.  I was highly annoyed at Gone Girl for the first 200 pages.  It was just so ever-loving slow!  And since I've read both of Gillian Flynn's novels, I was already spoiled to the fast pace that those novels employ (or rather, not the agonizingly slow pace that Gone Girl was lingering in).  I was also spoiled to the fact that Gillian Flynn's previous novels all started off immediately creepy.  I found the beginning of Gone Girl...mundane (although that probably reflects more on my reading experience of reading tons of creepy/horror books as opposed to the novel).  So mundane that had this not been a Vine book, I would've stopped reading it.  But since I have read it, I think not finishing it would have been a mistake because it ended up being really insane.Gone Girl shocked me like you wouldn't believe.  I had expected the book to go one way (the mundane way) and it ended up going a completely creepy and off-kilter way (which I liked).  Yet, still I was annoyed, but this time because I was supposed to be.  There's just so much flip-flopping in this book (half of it is narrated by Nick; the other half by Amy) that you don't immediately know who, if anyone, to root for.  In fact, I spent most of the time while reading Gone Girl wanting to jump into the pages of the book and repeatedly shake every single character to saneness.  Again, this is deliberate and I wasn't so much annoyed at the book by then, but at the characters, but like I said, I think you're supposed to be.  There are no clear heroes in this book and that did make this book seem more human to me as opposed to the self-righteousness that can plague some books with a clear hero.Again, Gone Girl is INSANE.  One minute you start off thinking ""God, I hate this person!"" and then you think ""No, scratch that I hate THIS person"", until finally you realize you hate everyone in the friggin' book, but that's okay because they are all relatively hateable (I know not really a word, but there you have it).  And the situations the characters find themselves in are hateable (and there it is again)...and shocking...and brings new meaning to the word ""twist"".  Everything that happened (after those initial 200 pages) was so unexpected and not in that annoying ""well we didn't see it coming because it made no type of sense"" kind of way.  The things that happened here made sense, which brings up all sorts of questions like ""If you find that THIS situation made sense, what does that say about YOUR state of mind?"", which is all sorts of fun.So why the 3 stars?  Well, I just couldn't get over how long Gone Girl took to get going (for me as this is all a matter of opinion).  Sure, once it did get going, it never stopped, but I just wouldn't have given a book 200 pages to get going if it wasn't for review.  Also, I was left feeling very unsatisfied by the ending.  I expected an exploding, tremendous ending and what I got was an ending that was, now that I'm thinking about it, very reminiscent to the beginning 200 pages of Gone Girl: anti-climactic to the extreme.  I still recommend Gone Girl as I do feel the middle of the book (right up until the end) was worth it just for the ""this is craaazy!"" comment you will most likely say.  However, if you even semi-like this one, I'd recommend Gillian Flynn's two other books as I think they were better than this one.
I read this book on my Kindle where you can see what percentage you have completed.  At 40% it was finally beginning to get interesting.  It is written from two points of view, the husband and the wife.  If you find it difficult to switch back and forth it will be somewhat confusing.  Some parts are predictible, and some intriguing.  I am not fond of the ending but that's just me.  I guessed what would happen but I think it's because I read quite a bit.  I am not sure I would read another of her books entirely, but I would give it a try.
The author Gillian Flynn tells this dark story by alternating first-person accounts from Amy and Nick, the couple whose marital bliss is unraveling. What you'll find within their sides of the story will astound readers who will roll over, look at their mate and wonder ""Who are you, really?""To be honest, I don't know why it's on the best sellers list for so long. I kept reading and reading hoping something was going to happen that would seal the deal. I finished the book but really wondered why I kept reading...
I absolutely loved the first 2 parts of this book. I could not put it down, the detail, description, and suspense was literally keeping me at the edge of my seat. HOWEVER, part 3 was a total disappointment. I felt that the ending came up so quickly and abruptly that it left me wanting more. I read the last page and said aloud ""Seriously? That's it?""  I give the book 3 stars, it is a good read and it does hold your attention it just leaves you dissatisfied at the end.
Keeps you guessing throughout the entire book. The writer really seemed to cover all the bases and the ""what if...?"" questions I could think of with very clever details. Slow start, pace builds up with the suspense and then... nothing. Terrible ending. No satisfaction whatsoever. Disappointing. It just seems to be a set up for a sequel, which I won't bother reading.I'm giving it 3 stars for the brilliant clever writing, but minus 2 for the awful ending.
Gone Girl:A NovelThe story is very good and would have been good without the ""F"" word used throughout.  This author, Flynn, short changed his/her self thinking the story would not sell without it.  Yes, I am an OLD Foggie and was offended by it.  Decency seems to have flown out the window.  It's a shame this word has become command place.  That doesn't make it right.  Nuff said.  I won't buy anymore of that author.
If I had not been in a book club for this book, I would never have finished it.  It started so slowly.  I like murder mysteries and I am used to authors such as James Patterson who grabs your interest on page one and doesn't let go until the end.  This one didn't grab my interest  until half way through.  I really didn't like any of the characters.  I don't want to spoil the ending for anyone but I didn't like it either.
Good twists and turns and I actually wanted to keep reading, but the end was a huge disappointment.  This book needed to end sooner than it did.  To me it sounded like the author wasn't quite sure how to keep it going, so there was a lot of idiotic and unnecessary material in the last few chapters with a truly anticlimactic ending.  I ended up feeling annoyed that I spent my time reading it.  Don't waste your time.
I'm impressed with the mind of the author to put together such a complex plot. BUT so many books - so little time.  Without a likeable character to be found and a story so grotesque, I wish I'd spent my time on something more worthwhile. I'm not that prudish and even use a little spicy language myself, but I was bothered by what seemed unnecessarily offensive language used much too generously.
Sections One and Two kept me glued to the pages and coming back for more. But the end of this novel just fizzled and I felt disappointed at the resolution (or lack therof) of the issues. All the heroes of the story just gave up/gave in, going against their character shown throughout the book. Too bad, as there could have been dozens of other, more exciting and more believeable outcomes.
While the twist s and turns kept me reading, the ending seems very far fetched to me.  What kind of a man stays with a wife who was successfully framing him for murder?  A wife who murdered a man who got in her way?  What kind of woman can think of everything, never making a mistake?  Why would she want to stay with a man who doesn't want her, and have his baby?
The characters in this book are very interesting and the author has a wonderful way with words.  I've got to say that the first half of this book was a page turner but once the obvious switch happened....it was no longer as much fun to read.  This is the first time, in a long time, that I did not enjoy the ending.
I recommended this book to a friend after reading reviews and synopsis in People magazine. She bought it and told me I should read it, after getting through about half the book. I did. I regret it. This book took you up down and all around, emotionally......then it just DROPS you. I loved the book, up until the last 50 pages. In my opinion, the author had something great, but didn't know what to do with it. What a waste.
I have wanted to read this book for a while. It was a cleverly written book. It started slow but then had an intense buildup.  I was totally engaged in the middle of the story. But the ending was anything but spectacular.  I was very disappointed.  3 stars for the middle part with its intense pulling power.
This one was another dark and twisted experience from Gillian Flynn. She is an amazing author with a really black and tangled imagination. This one is full of language, really full of foul language. There are some very dark and just messed up themes and events.She sets the scenes in a way that transports you there. You can visualize the characters, envision the scenes. But it takes you down a deep and dark rabbit hole that once you find yourself in, find the only way out is through.I totally connected to the Amy I was introduced to. And then, well, then I found myself hating almost every single character in the book. The reason for the lower rating for this one, was there was a point I actually put down the book and considered making it a DNF. There was a lull amidst all the scandal and hatred and twists and turns. It seemed to drag, it felt incredibly long at one point. And then I paused, and thought of all the dark places it took me, and the characters I hated, and wondered, why should I finish this? But then I picked it up and the lull ended and I had to finish. But then I found the ending unsatisfying. It satisfied the dark and twisted and messed up ending quota, but after all of it, it still didn't seem enough?Hard to explain my feelings on this. I'm not used to reading books like this. And yet, after reading Dark Places and visiting the mind of Gillian Flynn, why was I a masochist and pick this one up, I'm not quite sure.Gillian Flynn is an incredibly talented author. Like those criminals who are complete masterminds and even though they do some terrible things, you are somewhat in awe of their abilities. That is Gillian Flynn. I am going to veer my reading back to that happy fun and totally entertaining line of books that this book would never get near. This was probably my last Gillian Flynn.
Sooooo after hearing so many of my friends gush over this book, I finally broke down and bought it. Caught it on sale for my kindle! WOOHOO!Anywho, I have to say I have mixed feelings about this book. WARNING WARNING WARNING there is A LOT of FOUL language in this book which was a HUGE TURNOFF for me. I don't understand why authors feel the need to add that to books, there are GREAT AMAZING BOOKS out there that have NONE and you enjoy them just as much if not more (for ex, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Three Musketeers, Jane Eyre just to name a few)That being stated.... the storyline itself kept me intrigued all the way thru... well until the end and then the ending left me throwing my hands up in there in frustration. Prior to that  I LOVED how the author told the story from Nick and Amy's perspective. It kept me on my toes . . .I literally was on a roller coaster of emotions reading it but unfortunately by the end of the book, I hated both characters. Don't worry, no spoilers in this review. Read it if you must be be advised....the ending is awful, awful, awful. As a mom of 2.5 yr old twins my ""me time"" that I take everyday is very little and it's spent reading before I go to bed so this ending in the book made me feel like I WASTED that time to read it. I do not like books that don't have closure....well at least my definition of closure. I could have wrote a better ending than the author did. I mean seriously, the ending completely ruined the book for me. . . until the last 1/4 of the book I could NOT put it down. . .and after I got done, had I not been reading it on my kindle... I think I may have literally torn it apart. Yes, the ending is that bad.I guess if you've made it to this point of my review you're still wondering would I recommend it to anyone? At the end of the day I would still prolly say yes.... CHECK IT OUT FROM YOUR LIBRARY (I wish I had) The book is good up until the last 50-60 pages and then it just fizzles completely.Would I read it again? No, and that fact is when I know it's a book that deserves 5 stars. This one.... I don't see how it got so many. Guess those readers enjoy an unresolved story that leaves you hating both charactersREAD AT YOUR OWN RISK THOUGH... do NOT say you weren't warned! !
About halfway through this book, I was preparing a four star rating. The writing flows well and keeps readers entertained. Chapter endings are compelling, forcing readers into the next chapter, just to see if they can figure out Nick's eleven lies to the police or why the picture Amy paints of herself is so different from the one Nick provides. The way the story begins seems extremely clever, too, as Nick, the main suspect in his wife's disappearance/possible murder, studies the perfectly recognizable shape of his wife's head.But when what I saw as the climax of the story came right in its middle, my rating quickly dropped to two stars. The writing was easy to follow and the characters interesting, but they weren't strong enough to carry the latter half of the book, which really seemed rather contrived. I rarely felt any connection to the characters that made me care one way or another what happened to them (even Cool Amy was a strain to like). I disliked Nick from the start, unable to see him as a good man even when I realized the idea that he committed the murder was being forced upon me. I never had the desire to like him, despite his flaws, as I do some characters to whom I find it difficult to connect. The focus on Amy's head and the shape of her skull in the beginning, which I found rather well done only hours earlier, now seemed strangely staged with too much emphasis being placed on the need for the reader to see that, perhaps, weak, flawed, cowardly Nick was capable of such violence.My final opinion of the story was formed long before the story came to an end and focuses on a completely-out-of-character choice Amy makes. If readers are to believe Amy is capable of the clever vindictiveness the author has established throughout the story, from both Nick's perspective and Amy's own, it is almost impossible to believe Amy would make such a rookie mistake with Jeff and Greta… only to return to her cleverness pages later and wrap her fate up with a massive, shiny bow.From this moment on, whether I realized it or not as I read, the story seemed to continue to fold in on itself, securing Amy's neat little, gift-wrapped package that would be delivered to the reader on the final page. Therefore, it is not surprising that Nick remains a coward from story beginning to ending, and Amazing Amy, capable of anything, apparently, remains unbelievably ""amazing"" in the end.
Gone Girl is the story of an ill fated couple, their angry passion and the destruction that drags everyone around it to the story's indelible conclusion.  It's about Nick Dunne's mistakes and the consequences that lead everyone to wonder what happened to his wife, Amy Elliot?Flynn does a great job of leading the reader through the the mind of Amy, via Amy's diary and the clues that hint at what happened to her. She disappears one afternoon, on their anniversary, seemingly without reason.  Their living room is in disarray and as the story unfolds little details of Amy's disappearance come together like the hand of an abused child to point at Nick as the person responsible.  The story creates great anticipation and suspense with every clue that is discovered and Nick's guilt becomes more apparent each day that Amy is still missing.Without giving away the suspenseful climax, I will explain why I gave the book only 3 stars.  I love the suspense that Gillian Flynn draws the reader into and makes us wonder ""What happened to Amy? Did Nick do it? What did Nick do?"" It made me want to keep reading until I found out what happened.  However when I did finally reach the conclusion of the story I was angry.  The characters are manipulative, conniving, controlling, mean, bitter people.  I too felt manipulated.  At the end of the story I hated all the characters in the book except for Nick's sister.Because of the suspense I will go see the movie when it hits the theaters.  Gillian Flynn's style of writing is straight forward and at a good pace.  I like the unexpected turn the story took but with no redeeming characters at the end I didn't care what happened to them and they do not even come close to getting what they deserve.
I'm late to this party. Not only has this book been out for a while, the movie is about to beat me to the narrative, so I decided it was finally time to see what all the fuss was about.To be honest, I'd been put off by readers who'd conveyed that they hated the ending; so much so with one that she threw the book across the room; another wrote a post dissuading others from reading it, all of which was initially off-putting enough that I was...well... put off. But curiosity -- and a penchant for making up my own mind -- won out.And it really was quite a read. Clearly Gillian Flynn is a skilled, masterful storyteller. Great images, rich, chewy development, with a set-up, characters, dialogue and plot that all contributed to a well-executed whole (almost... more on that in a sec). It's gritty and  imaginative, deeply suspenseful and cleverly wrought, propelling us forward throughout.We meet Nick and Amy Dunne in their contrasting first-person chapters; their hair-raising ""he say-she say"" spin on the unfolding events is unnerving. We follow the story anxious to get to the bottom of things, often ""red herring'd"" along the way. But that thrills and keeps us guessing throughout -- did he? could he? what about her? who else could've? -- all great mystery/thriller devices.Then the shift happens... it creeps up with little warning and suddenly one of the main characters is thrust into a harshly different light, one that illuminates the purely psychotic mind behind the events of the plot. Nothing wrong with that. But with each new reveal from that point on, the characters - including one mentioned earlier who plays a larger role in this section-- become broadly drawn, with the story going from a credible nail-biter about a missing woman and a suspected husband to an off-the-charts creep-fest of almost comic book proportions. In a nutshell, it lost me.But it was when the final denouement arrived that I felt I was being asked to ""buy"" a plot development that was not believable and not true, particularly, to one of the characters involved... to ""buy"" it, one would have to choose to negate all the qualities and personality traits of that character (I'm trying to avoid spoilers!), all of which had been so painstakingly constructed throughout the previous chapters. Certainly it's an author's prerogative to twist her characters or end her book as she wishes -- every author earns that -- but for me as the reader, it was a head scratching choice. It didn't make sense. It was not believable. I put the book down disappointed... feeling as though a really rich, powerful book had been lost in the final stretch.But until you get there -- and this will likely be true for the movie, too, if they do go with that ending -- it's quite a fabulous ride.
The book starts as a page-turner. Its structure and (initial) asynchronous) storytelling makes it very compelling. As the book moves on, things get more complicated--not just in terms of the story, but in my willingness to buy into it. Just before the end of the second act, I actually put it down for a month because I wasn't sure how much I cared anymore. If there weren't a movie coming out, I probably wouldn't have picked it back up.The first act of the book (which is told in three, unevenly divided acts) is fantastically compelling, ""he said/she said"" done in a brilliant and (and mentioned above) very asynchronous way. I couldn't put the book down. The perspectives, one looking back and one in the past present, present a compelling contrast. It's one that tells the story of a relationship from two very different perspectives that are often contradictory. Nick (the husband) is telling his tale in the present, from the time his wife Amy disappears, as well as looking back. Amy's story is told through her diary, starting from the point when she met Nick and slowly progressing to paint very different pictures of their marriage. The him vs. her perspective is maintained through the book, but it becomes more challenging as the plot develops.After a very strong start, it all starts to fall apart. In the second act, everything you have come to believe to be true turns out to be wrong. And that's not necessarily a bad thing in terms of storytelling, but in this case it starts to get awkward. Both of the leads become less trustworthy, yet one side of the story remains very interesting, while the other takes a strangely long detour. Then just as you start to think you know how everything might play out (despite being only halfway through), an uncharacteristic move causes a dramatic shift in the narrative that takes it from bizarre to downright absurd.Though the official third act begins at a very specific turning point, there is arguably an extra act squeezed in between those that are officially declared. It's perhaps only applies to one side of the story, but it's where things start to really fall apart. It revisits a suspicion that had been handily discounted by both sides in earlier chapters, and seems to be mostly an easy out. Between the way that subplot ends and other ongoing themes throughout the second act, any admiration or empathy you had gained for either party is erased. Granted, that seems to the point.Yet, even after you are supposed to have washed your hands of any kind of hero for the story, going into the third act there still seems to be a clear moral superior. Without saying more, I can obviously say this is not a fairy tale, and it doesn't end on a reassuring note. I have no problem with books where that is the case (for example, I'm a big fan of Bret Easton Ellis and his often morally ambiguous stories), but in this case, the frustration the reader feels at the end is very pointed and justified. Halfway through I said to a friend ""I'm glad this was written by a woman"" because of the tone of some aspects; by the end it seemed that the pass I had given earlier against antifeminism was unfounded, regardless of the author's sex.
Entertaining read, kept my interest. However, there is one glaring plot hole I find really hard to believe.So Amy is this genius who spent the better part a year plotting her ""revenge."" With all her wile and cunning she perfectly framed Nick for her murder and planned her escape; she had thought of everything right down to the very last finger print (or lack thereof). Yet, her ultimate demise (during her runaway that landed her in the palm of Desi) was being robbed by Greta and Jeff at the rundown motel because she's dumb enough to trapeze around with 10k worth of cash strapped to her.Really? Amy is described as an upper-class, white northeastern preppy-type who had gone through all the right prep/ivy league schools money can buy. Surely, at some point during Amazing Amy's upbringing she would have done the pre-requisite back-packing trip around Europe - the very definition to being a privileged white American youth. If she was not roughing-it at youth hostels, she must have had to at least get out and walk around in public, right? My point is she's well-travelled, and she is described as Manhattanite as one could be. Surely, if Amy is all about walking around with large wads of cash, I find it hard to believe that at some point during her world-galavanting, Manhattan living days she never learned the perils of carrying all of one's cash on one-self? Really? Honey, pre-paid credit cards ain't gonna leave no electronic trails for no-one to find......you pay for those in cash and they leave no more of an electronic trail than your ""disposable cell-phone."" Spread the prepaid credit cards around by stuffing a couple in your shoe, around your car.I also don't buy the whole bit about Amy being out-witted by Greta and Jeff. Amy is a street savvy master manipulator who successfully outwitted and plotted revenge against a whole host of people in her past, yet lets her guard down and allows a couple of trash to befriend and connive her....during her stealth runaway.I understand that Gillian needed Amy to hit a bump and return back to Nick. Yet, I feel a more plausible way of accomplishing this would be for Amy to succumb to solitude during her runaway. She is fuelled by the gratification of controlling those around her. Amy can't bring herself to exonerate Nick, so after weeks of solitude she reaches out to Desi whom she could play like a puppet.Just my two cents.....
Obviously this book does not need my review. It's been on international bestseller lists for years. The Gone Girl movie releases this fall which will probably end up with some Academy Award nominations. Oh well, I'm giving my two cents anyway. Here are my three issues with the book: the beginning, the main characters, and the ending.I seriously thought there might be something wrong with me at the beginning because I felt like I should be loving it, but I didn't. I was actually bored to tears and not just for a couple chapters. I'm talking for 130+ pages it was slow and I made no connection with the story. Yet I forced myself to press on and keep reading. Thank goodness the book became more interesting, and intriguing things started to happen.I really like twisted stories a great deal, and Gone Girl had many twists and turns. But I need a character to root for and care about. The main characters, Nick and Amy, are just emotionally and morally bankrupt people. I guess Nick would be the lesser of the two evils. Still, I did not like him one bit, and I despised Amy even more. Just check out this quote:""I won't divorce him because that's exactly what he'd like. And I won't forgive him because I don't feel like turning the other cheek. Can I make it any more clear? I won't find that a satisfactory ending. The bad guy wins? F*** him.""Here's another:...'""Amy likes to play God when she's not happy. Old Testament God.""""Meaning?""""She doles out the punishment,"" Tommy said. ""Hard""'And here's the last one:'""I don't even want to ask,"" he said. ""You two are the most f***ed-up people I have ever met, and I specialize in f***-ed-up people.""'The ending... well, it had no real conclusion. I guess the point was these two a**holes have to spend the rest of their lives together miserable. I guess they both deserve unhappiness.I predict the Gone Girl movie will be hugely successful with Ben Affleck in the starring role, and I will probably enjoy the movie. However, as a book, it was pretty good, IMO, but not entirely my cup of tea. For dark and twisted I much preferred CONSEQUENCES by Aletha Romig and BLIND OBSESSION by Ella Frank. Both of those book received 5 star ratings.
From browsing the reviews that other people have left, it seems that this book draws strong reactions—both positive and negative—from many readers and reviewers. I think I’m one of the minority that has found a way to enjoy the book, but I’m not rushing out to recommend it to everyone I know, nor am I one to vilify the parts of it that I didn’t like. So, here’s an attempt at a balanced, no-spoilers review:Right off the bat, I like that the author dives into the central mystery about a wife's mysterious disappearance pretty quickly. Sure, there's a bit of exposition that kind of just sticks out, but I've seen worse. I think this is helped by the author's decision to use alternating first-person points of view from the two main characters to tell the story (the wife's portions are excerpts from her diary). This format also helps sustain the mystery as you try to sort out who is not being entirely truthful.What else did I like? Well, there were a couple plot twists that I was not expecting to happen. I've read some reviews where the reviewers thought the twists were ""predictable."" Looking back, I would agree that there were a couple of them that I should have seen coming—but all of them? No. Whoever says that is just trying to fluff their own ego.What didn't I like? Well, the characters were not people with whom I would ever spend an afternoon (you know, if they were real)—or even a cup of coffee. I think that's something that bothered a lot of people who gave negative reviews; to me, they're missing the fact that for them to dislike/hate the characters that much, there was a decent amount of character development performed by the author.Most people hated or loved the ending. I'm probably one of the few that are ambivalent about it. A few days after reading the book, I thought about it, and decided the book really could not have ended any other way that would have been satisfying to me. That does not mean it's a great ending, just that other potential endings would not have rung true with the characters as I understood them.
The beginning of this story takes a while to develop, but once you are hooked it digs its claws in and won't let go until you are done! The writer does an excellent job of providing some very thought provoking themes and tying in wonderful elements of suspense, leaving few (if any) pieces unturned. You find yourself trying to decide who to dislike more between characters, which adds an interesting dynamic in how you read and the ultimate conclusions that you make.I think I approached this book as a mystery and in that aspect I was slightly disappointed; HOWEVER (!), I was rewarded with the other psychological aspects involved that were in many ways more rewarding than a typical mystery - where you marvel at the sheer ingenuity (or luck) of the detectives solving a case and try to best them at their game. In this story you marvel at the people plotting the case and are in awe of the sheer magnitude of the planning and inconceivable craziness of it all.The first half may take a while to get into because the forward teases you that things are not as they seem, so you find yourself waiting and flipping pages until these things become apparent and solid. Right when I thought I had figured it all out and a logical conclusion, the plot took an entirely different direction - one that took it to another level and kept the pages turning.<<<<<<SPOILER ALERT>>>>>My main beef (SPOILER TO FOLLOW!!!) was the deviation in characterization of Amy in the second half of the book. She sticks to her sociopath personality to the ""T"" until her new companions in the middle of no-where figure out how to steal her survivor cash stash. Even though she is ""Dead Amy"" - she is still ultimately the cunning Amy that stages the whole affair and continues to think every aspect out to the end of the book. You think she could really be conned and not see two low-lives plotting to take her cash?? No way!! I fully expected her to seek her ultimate revenge (as she did with multiple people in her life), but was disappointed as it seemed this mischaracterization was not to plunge further in to the depths of her psychosis but merely a device by the writer to take the story back to the center, where it ultimately had to end.I titled this review and rated as I did because I enjoyed where the story took me and even though it may have made me feel a little ""yucky"" at the end I can appreciate the writing (even though a little over-written at times) and the general story. Did it have the happy ending I desire in a book? No. But the point was that there was no way to a happy ending because of the toxic relationship two people had created. In a way, did either of them deserve a happy ending? That is the real question.
Gone Girl is the first novel I've read by Gillian Flynn. I don't read a lot of suspense/thriller novels, but I made time for this one because I'd seen all the positive reviews. It mostly earns the praise it has received -- the writing is good, the characters are well-drawn, and you spend much of the story wondering what in the world is going on.The basic premise, in case you didn't read it above, is this: On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne's wife, Amy, goes missing from their house under very suspicious circumstances (signs of a struggle in the living room, the door left open). The reader isn't told exactly what happened, but what's clear is that Amy is gone and it doesn't look good for Nick, who almost immediately begins lying to the police (why, we aren't told, but he does tell us in his narrative sections when he is lying).The novel is narrated alternately by Nick, in real-time following Amy's disappearance, and by Amy, through a diary that she had kept up until sometime before her disappearance. So you can get different perspectives on their relationship, and sometime on the same events. The novel is often, in addition to being a thriller, an interesting take on modern relationships. Flynn is a good, thoughtful writer and the book is engaging all the way up to the end.There are plenty of twists and turns to keep you turning pages late into the night, and I won't spoil them here. As to my overall review: I can't give the book fewer than three stars, because 95% of it was really engaging, really fun reading. I can't give it more than three stars, however, because the ending was...disappointing. Without spoiling anything, I will say that once you've figured out what's happened and who the bad guys are, you really want the novel's conclusion to deliver some catharsis. It doesn't. This is clearly a deliberate choice on Flynn's part, and it makes sense given her interest in sort of poking fun at/analyzing how marriages work and don't work. But in terms of giving the reader what he or she will almost certainly want at the end of this novel, it's a complete let-down.I was actually annoyed as I closed the book, which is no way to feel when finishing a novel. Especially one that is really good until the last few pages. It's mostly a fun read if you've got a blank spot on your to-read list, and I will be following this author in the future, but, boy oh boy, what a disappointing ending.
Gone Girl is a taut suspenseful psychological thriller wherein both partners of a marriage are so into mind-*uc* games with the other that I couldn't tell if either of them really knew when the game went South. This book is fascinating.Nick, the tall handsome husband, in the beginning does and tries to do everything he can to make his more than perfectly beautiful in every way wife, Amy, happy. He is the perfect husband. If he isn't sure about what to do to accomplish her happiness then he asks her. And for her part, Amy, just by being with him is the perfect wife. This seems to work until both of them, writers, are laid off from their jobs in New York City where Amy was raised by wealthy writers of children's books whose stories were based on their precious little Amy.Nick takes Amy back to his hometown where his mother is dying of cancer, his father is in a home with Altzheimers and his sister still resides. This makes Amy very angry and an angry Amy is not someone to mess around with. So there they are, neither one with jobs and Nick stops trying in the marriage. This makes Amy even more angry. She begins to plot and when Amy plots she doesn't mess around. This woman is brilliant! Before we know it, Amy has gone missing and the clues all point to you guessed it: the husband Nick.The book is written in a very different format. Our author has taken it chapter by chapter and alternated the telling of the story from the POV of Amy, then Nick, back to Amy, etc. Strangely enough it works.I lost sleep in the reading of this book. I can't say that it was a great book, though I gave it 3 1/2 stars out of 5, but I will say it is a fascinating read and it definitely held my interest. However I did find the ending strangely unsatisfying even though it rang true to the story. I don't think that all will like this book but the ones who do like it will really like it. There is not anything boring about it.
I finally picked up this widely discussed and acclaimed suspense and finished in a week. The first 2 chapters almost got me to quit as they were filled with the most boring details which you just don't expect in a so called ""suspense/thriller"" novel. I wonder how the editor could have let it pass. I trudged through and got intrigued in the second part of the book, literally flipping the pages until I hit the last part, where I had a bad feeling that the book was going to end badly, and which was indeed the case. That was probably one of the worse ending I've ever read over the years. It's like the author got so out of hand and let her imagination run so wild that she wasn't able to write a proper ending, because all scenarios just wouldn't support. Such a crazy ending which not only unconvincing, unrealistic, but laughable, even in a fictional world that could never in a million years happen.The characters are unlikeable either. Like many reviewers here I do not care for them or what happens to them, even if eventually they manage to kill each other I wouldn't raise an eyebrow and probably think they deserve it. That's how despicable the characters are portrayed and presented. The storyline itself is not outright crazy, which could have been built up well and ended beautifully, but what a shame, the author didn't carry that till the end (or lacked of such in the very beginning?)And the many pages of meaningless rambling! What was that and how did that contribute to the story made me scratch my head. It really set me strayed from concentrating on the story and kept me wondering if the author ever going to get to her point.To me, this book is definitely a disappointment, comes in many flaws. Not my best read.
I thought that this story of Nick and his wife, Amy, got off to a bit of a strange start. Then after a few chapters, I began to think that Something had actually happened to Amy. Now I was getting more interested in the storyline and where it was going.  A few more chapters and I realized who was telling the truth and who was framing who. Okay, now we're getting somewhere!  I know which side I am on at this point and I'm relishing the scheming being done on both sides while still knowing which character that I am rooting for. By this time, it is clear as to the parts that other characters have played along the way - Amy's parents, who, although they love their daughter in their own way, are more interested in continuing using her name and personification to create the ""Amazing Amy"" series of books that have allowed them to live a quite wealthy and luxurious  existence; an old flame from high school who's love was one-sided indeed and who's mother didn't care much for ""Amazing Amy""; another female friend from the past who had her own experiences with Amy; the. Other of three who thought that Amy was her best friend but was that really the case?  Other characters pop up here and there and all have a bit of importance to the story, some more than others. Near the end, I'm thinking that this story is going to blow wide open and the one person needing revenge will get their just dues but that just doesn't happen!  The story just ends and I'm left thinking...this can't be the end...seriously??  I was very disappointed in the ending as I was expecting a very different outcome. Perhaps it's just me, but I would not recommend this book nor do I want to see the movie!
My relationship with this book was a lot like that of the main characters. It was a whirlwind of frustration and deceit, but I just couldn't break up with it. Nick and Amy's relationship was an addictive and toxic thing, with little satisfaction in the end. Just like this book.Normally, I don't like shifting first person perspectives, but it actually worked for this book, probably because the perspectives disagreed with one another. For a long time, I didn't know which character (or both) was the unreliable narrator, so I guess this story really couldn't have been written any other way. Also, each character had a strong voice that was highly distinguishable from the other, so there wasn't any confusion about whose perspective I was reading.The writing is tight and suspenseful, with a lot of insight into each character's thoughts, and truly surprising twists. Unfortunately, great writing alone does not a five-star story make. Especially when the reader absolutely despises both main characters and almost everyone else in this book, which I did. There were pretty much no redeeming qualities about anyone.The biggest disappointment for me was the ending. No surprise there; it seems a lot of people hated the ending. For good reason in my opinion. It was lackluster and anticlimactic. An unsatisfying ending can bring an entire story down, and that's what happened here. Not even superb writing or creative twists can save a story from its own horrible ending.I would only recommend this book to people who can forgive the fact that there is no one at all to root for, and enjoy a story solely for its twist and turns and writing style.
This was Octobers Birchbox Book Club pick and I received it free with my purchase. It was also my first Gillian Flynn book and although I enjoyed it overall, I honestly didn’t think it quite lived up to the hype. The characters were somewhat hard for me to relate to so I found it hard at times to keep with the story line. I did enjoy the dialogue and found myself chuckling from time to time. The plot twist about mid-book was a nice pace change from the first half. Without giving away too much, (which is nearly impossible to do) Amy disappears on her and Nicks 5th anniversary. The book takes you on a journey through the lies and manipulations of their marriage. It got to where it felt too obvious that the author was trying to steer you in the wrong direction, but I can say that you won’t expect this train ride of a plot. This book left me feeling unsatisfied, like there had to be more, which is why I’m so looking forward to seeing the movie. I’m hoping that the authors vision will come across more clearly and that I’ll ‘get it’ a little more.""I had them take me to Go’s, because I knew she’d stay up and have a drink with me, fix me a sandwich. It was, pathetically, all I wanted right then: a woman to fix me a sandwich and not ask me any questions.""""Sleep is like a cat: It only comes to you if you ignore it.""""Of course I’d find myself attracted to an uncomplicated, good-natured hometown girl. It’s like when people with iron deficiencies crave red meat.
I was not sure why I did not enjoy this book.  Part of it is personal taste, I dislike books in which the hero is caught in some inexorable trap and no one believes him.  I call this the Harlan Coben kind of plot, and while many love this type of novel, it makes me uncomfortable.  But the objection to Gone Girl most readers seem to have, and I share, is the ending.  So I read an interview in which Gillian Flynn defends her ending, saying there is precedent in literature and movies for ambiguous, inconclusive endings and that no one would want to see Amy in prison, the reader had become too involved with Amy, and when you think about it, it could not have gone any other way.  And I realized why the ending bothered so many readers and why I believe Ms Flynn is wrong......she did not make that case.Perhaps she visualized Nick as enabling,dysfunctional, passive, unable to have a healthy relationship, but she did not write him that way.  He actually comes across like a nice guy, not perfect, a bit too eager to please and to avoid confrontation, but decent and entitled to a better wife than he got.  Ms Flynn may believe the reader is so captivated by Amy that we would find sending her to prison unacceptable.  But not me.  The character in the book is poison and has nothing to redeem herself.So I believe the problem with the book is finally the writing, the author did not deliver the characters she intended to put on the page.  She saw them as nuanced and multidimensional but they are not that interesting.
The story was so good (and well written) and had me hooked. but then the ending was literally TERRIBLE! It's like she just got tired of writing the novel and stopped. Unless there is a sequel planned then this was a total disappointment.
This novel has been on the best seller list for a long time.  So I bought it and read it on my Kindle.  It's only OK in my opinion. Quite repetitive and the story line unusual but not very likely.  It is probably only worth 2 stars.
To be fair, I saw the movie before reading the book.  For a suspense thriller that kills the readability but I was interested in seeing how the book held up against the film.  I thought the film was excellent.  In particular I liked the surprising ending where the female monster isn't thwacked with a shovel and then takes it in the head with a rifle before expiring to the roar of the theater.  Instead the movie ends with an stand off.  The murderous wife and the deadbeat cheating husband are stuck with each other as if cuffed at the ankles.Enough about the movie.  The book has the alternating entries between Nick and Amy but I don't feel like either of them have a strong voice.  I felt the book tries to have it both ways, to craft a nail-biting narrative with a thoughtful description of a modern relationship.  In the end both suffer - the narrative because there is no last minute surprise and the modern relationship because murderous wives don't get away with framing their husbands and murdering their exes.None of the characters feel real.  Nick's sister comes across the strongest but even she doesn't carry any weight outside of Nick.  Amy's parent seem bizarre - leeching off their daughter, devoted to her safety when she goes missing and ever aware of the need for another big Amy book.  Desi takes up more space than sense and I wish the book had stayed with suspense and made sure that was the true focus of the story.
Bought this basically because it has been on the best seller liter for so long. Waste of money, didn't care for it at all. Characters unlike able, too much back and forth of narrating characters. Just not my cup of tea......
Read this in a weekend. Certainly a page-turner. Well-written in some ways, badly written in others. Seemed to me that Nick and Amy had the same ""voice,"" there was no distinction except for the chapter headings as to who was speaking. There were many clever observations and turns of phrases, but they BOTH made them, and they're often recycled.""the Internet was still some exotic pet kept in the corner of the publishing world - throw some kibble at it, watch it dance on its little leash, oh quite cute, it definitely won't kill us in the night."" (Nick)""we sometimes laugh, laugh out loud, at the horrible tings women make their husbands do to prove their love. The pointless tasks, the myriad surrenders. We call these men the dancing monkeys."" (Amy)As a villain, Amy was much too Superheroic. Every time she got into trouble, she managed to squirm (or stab) her way out of it, without paying too dear a price. And then the ending - 39 year old, coming from a mother with a history of miscarriage can easily get preggers from a couple vials of frozen sperm and possibly hubs' private consolation Kleenexes? I ain't buying it.Nick was just as devious as Amy was, he simply wasn't as good at it.I ended up disliking both characters intensely, and the further I've gotten from finishing the novel, the more I feel it is very clever, on the surface, but not particularly deep.
Final thought of this book is: I am Crushed. The author is very good, and has a mind like no other I have read. Completely well thought out and magically twisted. Half way through I almost stopped but with it going back and forth between the husband and the wife, I was so completely hooked. Now I just want to cry. My husband cheated on me and we are now divorced, but even I wouldn't want his fate to be that of Nick's. I can hardly believe everything that happened to Nick in this book I kept hoping for an absolution and boy was my hope crushed, burned, and wiped away as if it never existed. I think the only thing that could make me feel worse at this point would be for someone to tell me that this was based on a true story. Thankfully as far as I know it isn't.Truly this book was well written and kept my attention, but it did NOT have any thing remotely resembling a HEA. I wish I had known, I even thought to myself before I started reading that I should have read more reviews, yeah I should have! I probably won't read any more by this author because I hate when my hope is so thoroughly crushed, and the endings need at least a bit of happy, not dread. I would only recommend to people who enjoy a bit of reality. Like depressing, crushing, hopeless, twisted, psychotic reality.I would say 3.5 stars as it wasn't a bad book, just a bad book for me...
Gone Girl is well-written and clever and perhaps is good for a genre I usually find unappealing.  Suspense thrillers distort real life so badly that readers could be forgiven for erroneously thinking the world abounds with vicious people who lack souls, consciences, or empathy.I didn't really like any of the characters, though I felt that justice would be best served if the antagonist had a ""karma is a bitch"" moment before the end.  At one point Flynn almost let it happen, but backed down.  I was terribly disappointed.I prefer novels to have at least a few likeable characters, as well as better closure than this novel afforded.  One loose end that disappointed me was that the dad with Alzheimer's was not an instrumental part of the wrap-up.  With all his wandering around, ending up at their house, and talking about how ""she"" had invited him, ""she"" liked him, ""she"" was a bitch, I really thought he might provide an unexpected but critical puzzle piece.  He didn't.I got this from the Greater Phoenix Digital Library, and am really pleased that I could read it for free that way.  It's enjoyable to read something that ""everyone"" is reading, just to know what all the fuss is about.  I highly doubt that I'll read any more of this author's works, and I plan to avoid the movie, as well.
Great beginning--first half of the book is amazing. However, the second half starts a slow fizzle to the inane and repugnant ending that leaves you wondering ""dafuk did I just read?
First the good stuff - the narration on the Audible version is excellent! You can really feel the tension & anxiety and even arrogance in each character as the story moves along. I listened to this book on a round trip to & from New Orleans and was completely hooked. The characters are intensely developed and the plot is very tightly woven and tied together smoothly as the point of view slips from the husband to the wife and back again. None of the characters in this book are likeable and to be honest, I wanted bad things to happen to all of them - that is normally a deal breaker for me with a book. But Gone Girl was so well written and captivating that I could not put it down.The bad stuff and the reason for a two star deduction - The opening pages were tedious and overly descriptive. Almost as if the author was showing off for future magazine reviewers. There is a very snide, derisive tone toward regular people through the entire book. At first I thought maybe that was deliberate and a trait specific to Amy, but by the end, I realized that haughtiness was shown in every character - Amy, Nick, Amy's parents, Nick's sister, their friends, etc. But the main problem is the ending. The rest of the novel was precise and tense and obviously very well thought out, but the ending felt rushed and unfinished. Almost as if, after all that meticulous plot arranging, the author just had no idea what to do with the characters. What a shame... real closure would have made Gone Girl a five star book!
GONE GIRL was slow to get going - it really started to pick up about half way through the book. I had lots of theories about what was going on and one actually turned out to be correct. I enjoyed it, but got a little bored with the story and just wanted to get to the end so I could find out what really happened.This psychological thriller had a lot of twists and turns and definitely proved the old adage ""there are two sides to every story and then there's the truth,"" to be correct.GONE GIRL chronicles the life of a couple who have been married for 5 years - life is not peachy in their world. The story is told in real time from the husband's perspective and through a diary of the missing wife. I felt like I was reading a story ripped from the headlines - husband and wife have issues and the wife goes missing then the husband is a prime suspect in her possible murder. I will have to say that I was not pleased with how it ended - not at all.For those of you who follow my reviews, this is not a typical read for me - dark, yes - erotic, no. If you are looking for a mystery with a good story, then you should check this one out.
The beginning is so slow.  Actually, it's boring. So I put it down for a couple of months. But people told me it's a good book so I decided to just read it, get it over with.  Besides, I can't NOT finish a book. I want to know how it ends.  So I started again. I trudged along until, finally, I got to the middle - the good part. And it's stay-up-all-night good!! I couldn't put it down. The twists and turns were ""amazing."" First I liked him AND her. Then I liked her and hated him. Then I liked him and hated her. I found myself thinking ahead trying to figure out which way the story would go.  Then, just when it was getting really, really good, the story just ended.  I'm reading this on my Kindle thinking some pages must not have downloaded. I keep swiping trying to go to the next page. Then I realize there is no next page. Like blowing out a candle, it's just..... over.  I'm disappointed. Where is the justice?! Somebody needs to go to jail or at least a mental facility!!!  This can't be how it ends because now I don't like either of them!!! It's like the writer stopped to take a break and never came back.
Gone Girl is a novel whose status as a bestseller is well-justified. It is intricately plotted and unfolds suspensefully from first to last. For that reason, I gave the book three stars. But I had two huge problems with the novel. First, the novel and the story it tells rely on gimmicks, and even when the manipulation is done as well as Flynn does it here, I still resent it. Second, I disliked all of the characters in this novel and read to the end ONLY to see how Flynn would pull it all together. A big literary debate in 2013 has centered on likeable characters, with the writers of ""serious"" fiction implying that readers who want a character they can like are too light-weight to be worth listening to and writers of bestselling fiction suggesting that literary lions who cling to unlikeable characters shouldn't bemoan their lack of commercial success. For me the bottom line on this is simple: There are far too many great novels out there about characters I'll care about that I'll never live long enough to read to waste my time with characters I dislike, however great the writing.
Gillian has two wonderful  talents.  She knows how to imagine a good story, and she knows how to write  it  in a special way.  She is able to go deep inside the emotions of a man and woman struggling to keep their marriage together, and present their situation with intense feeling,  but playful wording.  To be able to straddle both worlds like that is truly a unique gift.  And then she treats us to a plot twist that makes things even more complicated, yet still manages  to keep the linguists smiling.I would have gone on for many more paragraphs praising this book except for one basic flaw:  Although she knows how to write an amazing story, she doesn't know how to end one.  So she doesn't.  Maybe she ran out of paper, maybe she fractured her hand,  maybe she just got tired.  Or maybe she's hoping to write a sequel, forcing us to buy another book in order to finish this one.  I see that as literary blackmail.I give her five  stars for the plot/creative writing aspect and zero stars for the ending (or rather, lack of same), resulting in a three star rating.
Gone Girl was highly recommended, I started it a few times and put it down, I finally got the audio and pushed through.  The book has many twist and turns you love and hate each character at different times in the book.  You're not wanting to put it down because you must find out how it ends. So it really keeps your interest and your very involved and then it ends - The ending was like the author got tired of it and decided OK this is it and just stopped. So here is my ending...and this is actually how I thought it would end.  One of the two authors him or her, writes this story while unemployed and it ends with the reader finding out it was JUST A STORY they wrote and included themselves. I think it would be a stellar ending!  At least it would have an ending.My niece read this on the plane and said she would have loved to throw it out the window!!!  I agree the ending needed to be launched into the atmosphere to never be thought of again.  The ending was so awful I will never read another book by this author.
I really like Gillian Flynn and I 5 star loved her previous 2 books. Read them in one go even if I was up til 5 a.m., then re-read them 3 times in a row as soon as I finished each. While this one was certainly enjoyable, extremely well written and clever, it lacks a certain punch that the 1st two did. Frankly, none of the things that were supposed to shock or surprise me did. And after all the buildup, the ending just seems like the book was published with several missing chapters. There was no closure, too many ends left dangling, too many threads unresolved. Still it's better than most of what's out there...... I just expected a lot more from her. She really specializes in really damaged (but in some unusual way, nothing run of the mill about these flawed ladies) female protagonist who have horrid back stories that define who they are. Although Amy fits very gently into that mold, the book just doesn't capture this visceral landscape that Dark Places and Sharp Objects seem to inhabitate.
The story was pretty awesome; however the ending was disappointing and boring. The story could have ended in an endless number if different ways!!
I am genuinely surprised by the all the hype surrounding this book.  I am equally surprised by the number of people that gave it four and five stars.  The writing was engaging but rather hollow.  It lacked depth.  It seemed as though the author threw in complex words to show off her intelligence instead of using vocabulary to build the story.I have to admit that I read the book in two days - it was a very easy read and it was engaging.  Although, the quality of writing and weak story line seemed more like an indie novel to me.  I do not say that to insult indie novels, I love them but it lacked consistency and polish.  One thing that really bothers me in a novel is inconsistencies - holes within the story.  There were a few in here that an editor or publisher should have caught.  Overall, it was an interesting read with a weak, disappointing, and insipid ending.  The ending was subpar at best. It lacked imagination, ingenuity, and realism.
I think Gillian Flynn is super-smart and talented, but this book was not my cup of tea.A few pluses: it's very well written, with a high level of complexity that I respect and admire, and the author has a dry, ironic sense of humor that comes through occasionally.The minuses reflect my personal preference. First, if I don't like the main characters, I don't enjoy the book -- and I did not like the main characters! I also don't like an unreliable narrator. It's a technique that grates on my nerves. And without using spoilers, I'll just say that the beginning of the book definitely uses that technique.Finally, I found the ending to be very frustrating. I forced myself to finish the book even though I wasn't enjoying it because several friends had recommended it and assured me that ""it gets better."" After investing my time, I was hoping to get some satisfaction out of the final outcome, but I was disappointed.
I know, I know. This is a mega best-selling novel--and a movie that just opened strong. But, I read it as a book group selection, and truthfully, nobody in the group was all that thrilled. Sure, it has some startling plot twists, though not very believable ones really. But most of us, and me especially, felt like it was just too much time to spend with these unlikeable, dysfunctional people. The real problem was that we didn't really care what happened to Nick and Amy. It's a big issue when you don't care what happens. Mostly we were curious, but we didn't care.Nobody out-and-out hated the book, but nobody (and we are a group of 14) really liked it much either. I think many readers are afraid of going against the tide when a book is this popular. You think you have to like it because everybody else seems to love it.That said, I can see why it's a big hit, and if this sort of mystery novel is your kind of thing, you might love it.
I am beginning to wonder if unsympathetic protagonists are the latest craze. However, without a sympathetic protagonist it is hard to connect to the story and here we have a cleverly written story where at first the husband appears to be the bad guy, then we discover that it is the wife who is mentally disturbed and a sociopath. But at the end of the book when we just might have some sympathy for the husband we discover there is something seriously the matter with him in the end. He is prepared to stay with his murdering wife for the sake of his child. How he could allow a woman who murders and is prepared to murder or seriously harm anyone who displeases her have a child. And is he the only person in America who never read ""The Bad Seed"" and so realize that such a woman should not be allowed to perpetuate her genes.  And basically at the end of the book I wondered why I had wasted time reading about these people.
SPOILERSNick and Amy are a married couple for the past five years.  Through various life events, they are now living in his hometown.  She has been a Manhattan girl all of her life, prior to this move.  Amy does disappear suddenly and a huge search is mounted to find her.  In the course of the search, many surprises come along the way.We see the marriage through each of their eyes, after Amy has gone missing.  We see a truth behind the marriage doors and encounter a few surprises along the way.  I think each has some dark characteristics in them.  Unfortunately, those characteristics do not mix well.  I found these two characters to be toxic together and maybe better off apart.I know there has been a lot of talk about the ending.  I am not sure what to expect or what I hoped it would be.  There was no way to tie it up in a neat package, in my opinion.
every time i went to check this out at the library, it was still out. it was on the best seller list for how long? forever? okay. i was just about to break down and buy it when my parents gave it to me after they both read it. okay. started it and read almost half of it in a day and a half or something like that. loved the twists and turns. went from hating nick to liking him and thinking amy was too good to be true to feeling good about myself for being right and then hating amy. but then i am getting down to the last few pages, wondering - what is going to happen? SOMEthing has to happen, right? nick kills amy - amy kills nick - desi's mother kills them both? nothing? they're just going to stay married, have a kid and sleep with one eye open for the rest of their lives? not cool.  i have not encountered a climax this disappointing since my last boyfriend.
The first 75 pages or so grabbed my attention and held it. Past that point, it was pretty obvious what had happened to the wife; I was mostly reading along to fill in details and get to the finish. Finish it did...but with a whimper, not a bang.The story is well-written and entertaining, but the author left 'way too much to do in the last third of the book. I think she was so busy resolving all the loose ends that logic--and a satisfying ending--kinda flew out the window. I found myself editing and rewriting even as I was reading, never a great sign. I think a good editor might have kept her on track and helped her to develop a better conclusion.That said, I'm glad I read it, I enjoyed all but the last 30 pages or so, and I want to read Ms. Flynn's next book. She's a potentially great author; I'm hoping her fourth book is the charm.
A page turner that is written well but the ending left me disappointed.  Worth reading if looking for something light but twisted.
I wanted a ""good read"" and this book had so many good reviews that I decided to buy it. I also found out it was going to be a movie so I wanted to read the book before the movie came out. I thought the beginning was slow but then heard from a friend, ""it get's better"". She was right. Around the middle of the book, I couldn't put it down and was looking forward to it every night before I went to bed. Then yesterday I finished it and I was extremely disappointed. The author needed to ""catch the killer"". She needed to cleverly find a hole in her story...not an obvious hole...an interesting, ""HA!"" hole that made you happy with how it ended. I do hate a book with a terrible ending:( I am, however, now looking forward to the movie as I think it will make for a good one, but hopefully they change the ending a bit.
I checked out the audio version at my library and after listening to 75% of the book I was sure it would be one of my new favorites.  But today I finally came to the end and can't even begin to describe my disappointment.  I won't spoil it for anyone, so I won't go into detail... but one of the previous reviews said it felt like the author just didn't know how to end it.  I agree!!  The book has fabulous plot twists and turns... I was so impressed with the writing (and the narrators in the audiobook do a GREAT job!!) but the ending just cancelled out how my enjoyment.  My initial impression was that the book was of the same caliber as ""Presumed Innocent"" but then it suddenly became ""Rosemary's Baby"". From great suspense novel almost to science fiction!  Very disappointed!  I think ""Sharp Objects"" by the same author was a much better book.
I stumbled upon this book when I was reading an interview with Cindy Crawford in December's issue of Shape when they asked what she was reading & she said she was reading Gone Girl & thought why not. It was a very interesting read as it was told from the two primary characters points of view. An ordinary marriage, with the hope of love eternal & things go rapidly south with job losses, family obligations & a move back to Nick's hometown. You are then lead down one path & then another & then wait, what the hell just happened? Did that really happen? Holy crap! The twists & turns were excellent, but I have to agree with some of the less positive reviews that the ending wasn't that spectacular. Considering everything that occurred, you would think that the author would have been able to deliver a more powerful punch to the ending.
With all the hype surrounding this book, I expected a different kind of story. Not a story about a complete psycho and her husband who should have gotten justice against her somehow, but ended up right beside her at the end. That's crazy. Amy was insane; her maddening diary kept me awake at night, I truly thought of her as a psycho who could be anyone you know and just turn at any minute. Nick, I liked Nick, until he stayed with Amy. She deserved to be arrested at the very least, I'd even be happy if she never returned to Carthage, or if Nick's Dad had a bout of clarity before he died and gave her up. It was too unbelievable of a book for me, not even sure if I'll watch the film. I know I'm likely the minority in this case; everyone I know that's read this story, loved it. Me, just barely.
I was drawn in by the hype I had heard about this book and in the beginning, I would have agreed. I typically enjoy books told by two narrators, but I enjoyed Nick's part much more than Amy's. There was a lot of narration, especially in the beginning, which became a little monotonous at times, but that wasn't enough to cause me to leave a negative (1 or 2 star) review. The one thing I will say, without giving spoilers, is that I HATED the ending. It did not fit the rest of the book at all. I've heard others say that her other books are better, but it'll take a while before this one fades in memory enough to make me pick up another of her works. Such a good start only to fall flat in the end. Disappointing.... I gave it three stars because 2.5 would have been fair, but wasn't available.
Very happy with my purchase, the only problem was the book came in paperback, but it says it's supposed to be hardcover.
I was really excited to read this, after all the good press I read. I bought all 3 of her novels at one go, and read this first. While it was enjoyable and well-written, I felt that it lacked real thrill. Flynn tries to go deep into the psyches of the main characters, building up the story, but the ending feels flat. I guessed the first twist about 20 pages in ('Double Jeopardy,' anyone?) and waited for a bigger one, which didn't really come. Nonetheless, it was an enjoyable story to read, though the other characters (Desi, police officers, Margo) could have been made more 3-dimensional. I think this would translate well into a movie, in a skilled director's hands, as the audience can be kept guessing as to the real natures of Nick, Amy and their relationship.
This book deserves an above average rating. But... everyone and their third cousin told me this was ""such a great book,"" and ""seriously so worth buying and addicting."" After reading the first few chapters it was obvious to me the general ending. Those ""twists"" were merely the circumstances of what I pretty much predicted.Besides the plot being pretty interesting the book wasn't very well written. I thought the journal entires from Amy added a spark as compared to the second half of the book. But aside from that it didn't live up to its name. It just.... wasn't that good.That being said, I would still read it give the choice.But hey, I'll read anything that seems semi-interesting and non-tweeny given the choice.
Clearly this book is a huge smash as the movie. I love it... until the end. The characters drew me in and I thought I had Nick pegged. Then the story had a twist that threw me completely! That part I loved. I kept reading the story waiting for the wow factor in the end and it just never came. The ending was flat. I was hoping that Nick would get a grip on the situation and outwit Amy. I waited for him to prove her guilt and the police to cart her off to jail where she belonged. But it didn't happen. In the end, Nick came across as weak and helpless. I hated that. I wanted to love a character in this book. I was rooting for Nick. Yet he remained this powerless man with no punch. It was really sad. I can't wait to read ""The Order Of The Quest
This book was incredible with so many different twists, I was always coming back for more. It's one of those books that you think about when you aren't reading and anxiously await some time to jump back in. The book's main twist midway through was odd and changed my direction, but it sparked my curiosity even more. However, the ending was disappointing. On page 400, I was thinking, ""there are only 15 pages left, there must be something huge that's going to happen!"" especially given all the twists that have already occurred.  Sadly no, it fizzled to a pathetic ending. I'm not necessarily looking for a happy ending, but something a little more climatic was deserved from a book that spent 414 pages swelling with anticipation. Definitely read it!
I've just finished reading this book. I will do my best to write an unbiased review, not influenced by other reviews. The story developed rather slowly in the beginning (hence a bit boring) but suddenly got interesting with several surprises and twists in the middle. At this point, I couldn't put the book down so I will give the author some credit for that. Naturally, I was expecting so much more towards the end but it fizzled into a very disappointing ending or no ending at all!! Therefore it didn't have that 'wow-factor' like some other amazing books that manage to deliver a great storyline as well as a lot of twists and a satisfying ending. In one liner - it was an interesting read but the author could've done much better with the ending.
I took one readers advice, if you like great writing, ignore the reviews, JUST READ IT! So, I did. AMAZING plot twists. You will get so involved and itching for more, stay up all night, infact just to get to the end.....and when you do, you'll wish you had listened to all the other reviewers. The end SUUUUUUUUUCKS. It will leave you feeling empty and wanting more, except there will not be any more. No sequel to quench your thirst. It's like she put so much effort into the book and exhausted herself and got lazy. It's bad. It's really bad. If you like ALMOST climaxing without the finishing outcome, you'll love the empty feeling you get at the end of this novel. Don't torture yourself. wait for the movie, where SURELY they will change it!!!!
Started out poorly, got better then ended up with an ending that shouldn't be (and didn't fit the hero's prospective at all) and totally unrealistic! Without giving the book away it's hard to write an accurate review.  Let me just say grammatically and narratively it is well written. The beginning of the book had me screaming "" ENOUGH SELF SABBATOGE"" to the hero.  By the middle of the book I felt as if ok, now we're getting somewhere and it's getting good but the ending was so wrong and vile on so many levels that it wasn't even unrealistic. The sociopathic co-dependancy thing is very disturbing.  The only reason I've given it 3 stars and not 2 is because it is well written and I know that some may find it worth reading.
I thought Flynn's characterization of her two primary characters was great. I hated both of them with fervor not felt since Umbridge. Nick is a buffoon and Amy is a manipulative, terrible human being.Part 1 sucked me in and I fretted about Amy's fate and whether I was reading a false narrative on Nick's part. Part 2 shocked me and got my blood boiling throughout as I wanted to reach through and throttle all the characters. But Part 3 left me thinking ""What? I don't get it. THAT's the ending??""It was as though Flynn lost steam. As though she became exhausted and wrote a copout ending. Because of this, I was very disappointed in how it ended, and am giving the book 3 stars overall.
There isn't much more I can add that hasn't been written already about this book, you will LOVE IT, it's a page turner for sure,twists and turns, husband and wife having marital problems, wife disappears, husband blamed....you think you've heard this story before?? Well, not the way it's presented in this book..I loved this book UNTIL the ending, then as my title states - I wanted to throw it thru the window ! This book is definitely worth the money, yes buy it, and be sure there is nothing breakable around when you get to end :-)Short Review:Husband + Wife + marital problems + police = a great read but a lousy ending ! Yes even with the ending it's worth the time and price.
The writing is superb, the characters fairly well rounded and most of the plot is very well done. That said, I have to agree with many others here. This book started out even better than her previous ones. I was curious, suspicious, and on the edge of my seat. I was confused about characters and motivations -- just like I was supposed to be.  Then wham -- much becomes clear. Unfortunately...much begins to unravel as well. Without resorting to spoilers, I have to say that I found the year (plus) of planning, the jaunt to the meth/redneck cabins, and much (much) else in the second half to be beyond belief. Only the quality of the writing, and my prior investment in the characters, made me keep on, hoping that what I saw coming near the end just couldnt be true -- it was. Very jarringly unauthentic way to leave it.
The book told the story of this married couple who moved from New York City back to the husband's small town in Missouri.  It tells of his wife's adjustment to the return his home and her relationship with his mother, sister, and father who suffers from dementia.The chapters alternate between narratives by Nick, the husband, and Amy, his wife.  She disappears at the beginning of the novel and her husband, who has been cheating on her, doesn't seem overly distressed to the townspeople and police.  I didn't expect the structure of the book to use the alternating narratives by Nick and Amy.  It still tells an interesting story but I found it a bit plodding.
I liked the book but didn't like the ending.  A lot of build up and then a tremendous let down.
I have read all of Gillian Flynn's books and enjoyed them immensely. She has a knack for creating convoluted, twisted, deep characters and story lines, but this book, with it's shallowly fleshed out characters and plot, read like a Lifetime movie script. From the moment I started reading, I sort of figured it all out. The descriptive language was a bit elementary, and the ""F"" word was used ad nauseam. I'm no prude, but it just got old.  I gave this book three stars, because I did enjoy reading it, to an extent. If you really want to enjoy Gillian Flynn's talents, read her other two books, Dark Places and Sharp Objects.
I had put off reading this book because the description of it didn't appeal to me, but since it had been on the best-seller list for so long, I wanted to see why.  Well I still don't see why.  The book is four hundred pages long.  I struggled through the first two hundred pages and was pleased when it finally turned around, but after awhile it got boring again.  I figured there would be one last twist at the end, but was very disappointed.  I would have written the ending entirely differently, but then I'm not a best-selling author.  There are much better books that never make it anywhere near the best-seller list.
I gave this novel a 3 because it was written extremely well and had lots of changes in the storyline which would be great IF this the type of novel that I would be interested in.  I read  it because it came highly recommended to me by several of my piers but I did not enjoy reading about the lives of people that were dishonest and cruel etc to people that they were suppose to love/like nor do I like when grown intelligent children blame their early years of childhood for their emotional problems of today.  If the novel was not written so well, I would have not given it any stars.....my fault not the authors.
I love a good mystery, so I REALLY wanted to like this book. Problem is, I found both of the main characters unlikeable, right from the start. Still I stuck with it, hoping it would get better, that I'd start to care about what happened to either of them. It was an ok mystery till 3/4 of the way thru the book, when it gets pretty far fetched.As for the ending, let's just say that Spineless Nick and Nasty Amy deserve each other and what they each got.If you really want to read it before the movie comes out, like I did, get it from the library. I'm so glad I did not pay anything for this book.
I liked how each chapter flipped from going to her point of view to his and back.  I also really liked how the story was told and that you get a big suprise and change your feelings about a lot of things midway through the book.  I didn't like the ending though.  I got to the end and felt like there should have been more story, like a part II or something.  But if there is I wouldn't want to read it because I was also sick of the characters by then.  I think the book would have been 5 stars had it been shorter or if the ending was different.  It felt as though the story drug on a bit too long.
This is one of those weird works that I have a hard time reviewing.  It had an interesting format, and it was certainly a page turner...you want to see what happens....but then it was like...""What? all this work for that conclusion?""  I think the author let her self out of the book too easily, and in so doing, took and interesting story and made it just ""OK"".  Considering that, I think she was perhaps trying to make a statement of some sort.  Whether it was about men, relationships, or life, I cannot be sure, but it left me with a confused nagging head shake...""What the hell was that?
I enjoy a good mystery with suspense, full of human interest and plots that are complicated.  As I read I try to figure out where the story is going...who the ""who dun-nit"" is! Gone Girl certainly allowed me to go in all of those directions and my mind was  active as I discerned just happened to the Gone Girl. The moment that what I call evil,became apparent,I was discouraged and even sickened.  The book ended without hope and not only that but with a sign that the evil would continue, that the life of a child would be involved in it. As I see it, there must always be hope, always.
I made a point of staying off of any sites that would give away spoilers on this one.  I was very excited to read this book, and there were a few times that I actually gasped.  The book had lots of twists and turns and was hard to put down.  I'm sorry to say that it was a great book, until the end.  I bought it for my kindle because I had heard so many things about it and figured I'd want to read it again, but because of the ending, I doubt I will.  In my opinion the ending was horrible (I kinda made you mad), but its not my book and that is the way it was chose to be written.
I feel like two days of my life have been stolen from me. All that mutual psychosis with such a  deflated conclusion.So much internal dialog with the unresolved and  unworthy of the journey into Nick and Amy's heads.Are we all just role-playing and all so easily able to disregard reality for the sake of convenience?Is it realistic to disregard you're living with a sociopath who will mother your child?I can't accept the ending ....""and they all lived happily ever afterI was left with .....""and then what happened?
It took me awhile to get into this book but by the time I did I just couldn't put it down. (I bought the audio in addition to the book and really liked hearing the voices of the characters.)  Towards the end I kept wondering how the author would wrap it up - ie. Would they kill each other, leave each other, would Amy go to jail (I didn't think Nick would).  But it fell flat as it didn't end at all.  I kept looking for the next chapter.  Don't know why the author decided to end this way.  -- as far as the foul language, is that how the younger generation talks now?
I got into this book very quickly and had plans of giving it rave reviews.  I did not understand some of the bad reviews.  She ruined the book in the last part.  Like another reviewer had said, I felt like I was robbed of my time by the time I finished the book.  It didn't even seem like it was the same author.  Almost like one author wrote parts one and two.  Excellent.  Someone took over to hurriedly come up with some unrealistic garbage for part 3.  How disappointing.  I would have put one star for a wrap-up review, but I really did like the first two parts.
I almost put this book down after a few pages. I am a chick who does NOT like chick books and this had a very strong flavor of being one. Something made me go back and I am happy to say that the book definitely became more interesting. I think it would have been more suspenseful if the chapter titles in table of contents didn't give away a huge punch line. I'm surprised none of Mes Flynn's editors changed this. Anyway, the book is pretty good. If you are an avid reader of intelligently written suspense books though you will likely be disappointed.
There are over 10,000 reviews of this book so at this point there is not much to add. When I was debating over reading this book I noted that a lot of reviewers were not pleased with the ending.  With that I totally agree.  It's a good read for a long flight or when you want to pass some time.  There are parts that are a little implausible but its a good read - except for the ending.However, for those who have not read it, its best read knowing very little about the story.  That lack of knowledge going in clearly adds to the suspense.
This book was very intense at the start.  So much so you wanted to keep reading to find out what was next to come.  It held you interest throughout the book you almost  knew what was to follow  however the ending to me was very disappointing.  Justice was not served. This book was recommended to me by my daughter who reads mostly non fiction and she loved it and could put it down,  She felt that a sequel would follow.  If it does have a second book to follow maybe I may read it.  Right now I found the book a disappointment.
I had heard that this was a great read.  So, I thought I would borrow the book and give it a try. It took a while to get into the story line.  Then it got interesting and I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next.  The main character of this book is a little difficult to believe.  I don't see how one would be able to think ahead and do the things this person does.  I was disappointed in the end since it was too stranger to believe.  I think a better ending should be written.  Especially if it is turned into a movie.
My sister kept insisting I read this so I finally bought it. I wasn't as thrilled with it as she was. The people are really awful! I don't remember another book where I couldn't find a main character to like. Well, this is it. Interesting premise and well written but horrifying story of framing a (not terribly innocent) person for murder by a perfectly dreadful character/victim with an incredible talent for revenge. Is anyone really this manipulative?To sum it up, the book is fascinating and repellent in equal measure.
Mixed feelings.  Initially I hated Nick and Amy. And then I got to the second part of the book and hated Amy and felt sorry for Nick. He wasn't really a sleaze..he became what Amy created him to be. She is the worst fictional character ever created..not a single redeeming quality.  I would have given the book five stars if the author would have seen it through to a believable conclusion but unfortunately the plot twist at the end exists for the sole purpose of being unpredictable. so the end was very anti climactic
This was the strangest book I have ever read and I was thoroughly disappointed with the ending.  The storyline was terrific, kept you guessing until the end, then bam....the ending.  I don't want to give it away, but I will say the husband's leash was so tight at the end of the book I'm surprised he could get enough oxygen to his brain to form a complete thought. I don't know if I would recommend the book to someone else without having to give away the ending but maybe that's why she wrote the book the way she did.
I am not fond of books written in the first person. There were many story lines left out of the book, I like to have everything tied up. No more was said about the girlfriend or the neighbor but mostly nothing was said about Amy's parents. The story line with the father who was in the nursing home didnt go anywhere as far as him escaping all the time. it just didn't go anywhere. The book did make me think and wonder "" who done it"". I am a little surprised that it made it on the best seller list for so long.
Having been on the best sellers list so long, I expected a better storyline.
There is a lot to like, if not love about Gone Girl but it bogs down in its own cleverness.  There are twists and turns that later seem to be contortions that stretch credulity.  Also, the same story told from different view points can't help but be redundant.  By all means skip 20 pages--I purposely did once just to see if it hindered my understanding--not a problem.  Also, the ending is very unsatisfying.  After trudging through the final third of the book I expected something with more bang, less whimper.
We're a group of Champagne sippers and book reviewers! We were divided on our scoring but generally enjoyed the 'page turning' story. I was disappointed with all the hype about the book and watching the continued 'top' ranking - I was expecting more and unlike my fellow reviewers guessed the twists in the tale. Lots of 7/10s, a 5 from me and a sad 2/10 - the flip-flop character chapters were annoying. Sadly no-one liked the ending. The big discussion - who would play Amy & Nick in the Movie?
This book took me almost half way in before I was into it. I wanted to set it down as number of times but people kept telling me to read on. Can't really say I was glad I did. This is a story where you don't like either character and you want them to both suffer.  The plot was pretty good and makes you wonder how well you really know your spouse.  The ending left me pissed off and flat.  After all the two main characters did neither one got any punishment except being stuck with themselves.
A very short review, I loved this book...up until the ending. Everything about this book up until the end is just amazing! I found myself hating a character only to later on feel bad for them,then eventually rooting for them. This book had amazing twists and turns. I thoroughly enjoyed this book leading up to the end and could not put it down. And then it just ended, it was extremely unsatisfying but I would still recommend it. Someone has to like that ending, I'm just not that someone.
I liked the suspense and pacing of this novel. You had to feel for the character of Nick, with everything he was going through. The problem for me was that in the end his actions didn't ring true. It was as though the author wanted it to end a certain way, so she had Nick behave in a way that would get the story to that point, but to me it felt contrived. I found myself thinking, ""Come on, he'd never do that!"" It took away from what i felt was an otherwise enjoyable read.
Part Scott & Laci Peterson, Nancy Grace, and Mean Girls.This book has it's own momentum, it gets you hooked and moving along and the plot continues to evolve and unfold itself.Finished the book in 10+ hours.  During I had to know what happened next, but after reading it. I feel like I watched a Lifetime movie.  No substance, just another way to pass the time.Great book for an airplane ride, or to kill time.Heard Director David Fincher is making a film about it. Piqued my interest.
After reading many reviews and raves, I succumbed to temptation and read the book.  Although it is well written, I find I have to agree with those who felt the author never did end the story.  Also, in order to really like a book, I need to like at least one of the characters.  I could not sympathize with anyone in the book.  I'm sure there must be people like these in the world, but I did find them not very believable.  Should this be re-classified as fantasy?
The first half of the book complies with which is expected from a mystery book with information increasingly getting trough with some surprises, an ok writing rhythm and character description.The second half tries to add up a psychological side that, after some surprise effect, the writer doesn't have the skill to bring out from the ordinary.But despite this not fulfilled ambition it is still an entertaining book, easy to read and somehow exciting.
While clever in the construction and plot, Gone Girl is dark and heavy at the core.  Centering around two very selfish people who are wondering why their marriage isn't working, wife creates her own murder which frames the husband.  It is mostly a fast read after you get through the first 1/4 of the book and it is clever on several counts, but in the end it is a sick story of two selfish and psychotic people each trying to ""win"" in the relationship.
There are quite a few twists and turns in this book and they change the sympathies you have for the characters. This is wrongfoots the reader several times and is skillfully done. I did not care much for the ending. It is not clear what the morals of the author are. Both main characters are very flawed, one a sociopath, the other a ethics free lightweight and the  deserve one another, but the book does not give any kind of catharsis which it really needs.
Don't get me wrong, I couldn't put this down, but I found it terribly depressing. Flynn is a master at manipulating emotions. Tricking you into sympathy for a character and then slicing that character's nasty insides wide open to show you the festering rot and decay. I am in a very happy marriage and reading this book made me go to bed thinking anxious ridiculous thoughts. So three stars because the bleak view of humanity was so relentless and cruel.
I liked the the back and forth plot of the main characters' perspective. I enjoyed the beginning when I was not sure  what had taken place and if Nick had murdered his wife. As the story progressed I was not as intrigued, as details unfolded, and I kept putting the book down and coming back to it days later. I did finish it, but was not satisfied with the end. I was glad to be finished reading it. If I like a book I hate to see it come to an end.
I loved it for about three quarters of the book. The end was full of holes. Who on Earth would believe this wild, improbable story that she comes home with? The book is full of people not believing the truth, despite a lack of evidence. Then, at the end, everyone believes her despite the abundant evidence they could find if they took 2 minutes to investigate her story. I felt like Gillian Flynn rushed through the end and didn't wrap it up well.
Gone girl is a fascinating book about 2 very sick people.  Warning it is one that you want to quit reading but can't.  When wife, Amy disappears on her 5th wedding anniversary leaving the impression that her husband is the blame, the reader enters the twisted mind of an unhappy woman and witness the lengths she goes to to make a point.  The ending is clever but unsatisfying. If you enjoy psychological whodunits you will appreciate this book.
I had heard this book was good but the ending was terrible.  I agree the ending was terrible, but the book itself was average at best.  The diary entries for Amy were boring and I couldn't wait to get through them and on to a chapter about Nick and the real plot.  But, this book dissolves with predictability - the young girlfriend, framing multiple people, etc.  I only finished to see if the ending was as bad as advertised.  I'd say skip it.
I have no idea to whom I would recommend this book.These are horrible people who do horrible things to each other. I'm sorry I ever read about them.Is it well written? Yes. Is it suspenseful? Very. Does it leave you with a mind picture you wish you could forget? So depressingly yes.Have you seen the movie ""War of the Roses""? Well, there you go.If you like this kind of thing, I pity you.
Nothing. That's what. The book was great, started off slow and then really grabs you. I found the back and forth style a little hard to follow at first, but became accustomed quickly. There are excellent twists and it definitely keeps your attention... and then it ends. Just like that, with 1000 loose ends and even more unanswered questions. Like getting seconds from climax and zipping up and walking away.... left much to be desired.
Author did not tie up loose ends in the book (what was that all about with his Father??). I understand using minor characters to keep you guessing but really the Father should have been filled out more or left out completely.The ending left something to be desired.Did not like the jumping back and forth with the characters. Hard to keep up if you had put the book down for a day or two.Hoping the movie is better.
What a completely messed up story and what messed up minds to have to experience this story through. Reading it in the third person would have been interesting but reading it as if you're in the mind experiencing their thoughts is horrifying.Over all I wanted to stop reading this after the first chapter. I kept reading because I'm not a quitter, but I didn't enjoy it and probably won't read anything more from this author.
I was disappointed in this book.  It was slow getting into, then became very interesting and I was truly absorbed and then I was very disappointed with the ending. I almost felt as if the author didn't know how to get out of the situation she had created, and simply decided to put down her ""pen."" It made me angry with the women on The View who really raved about the book and did such a good job that I bought it immedieatey.
I didn't think Amy was believable. I saw nothing in her background that would make her the manipulating monster she became. Why was she not charged with murder? Why did the police just let her go? Why did her husband take her back? None of the reasons implied satisfied me.The book was well written. It kept my interest, but Amy and the ending was unsatisfactory for the reasons listed aboveMitchell B.
I get it, why the author ended it the way she did. However, I hate it, the ending is awful. It's justice in a way, but not really. I've had some pretty awful relationships, one with a mega psycho, no one was murdered, but it was almost as devastating. I've moved on and found a truly amazing person whom I've been with for 3 years, and I would never go back. The ex, can live in their own personal hell, and I don't have to.
I enjoyed about three quarters of this novel about a marriage that turns sour and hateful after an impossibly cute beginning. The last quarter of the book shows that the author ran out of creative gas and had to coast to the last page pushing the story along. Very disappointing after I'd heard from others and from reviewers that this was one of the best novels of 2012. In the end, it was unnecessarily spiteful and mean.
So, it was a pleasant read. I found it entertaining, and I read it through to the end, which was sort f shocking in its unexpectedness. But I'm not sure I get why everyone is gushing over this book. The huge ""twist"" that everyone seems to be flipping out over, I saw coming a mile away. While the ending was a surprise, I don't think I can put this book in any other category than that of a good beach read.
Up to the end of the book..Gillian Flynn had me..and I was loving the chapters and how Amy wove that convoluted way she manipulated Nick..but he wasn't an attentive husband..but she was EVIL..and worked so hard to make it HER WAY.The ending SUCKED!!!I was never so disappointed in an outcome of a book..and while they are making the movie..PLEASE change the ending..She deserved to get caught..
This is a quick-read thriller.  Initially it seemed to portray the normal trail of the breakdown of a marriage, the mis-communication etc that can lead to estrangement.  It was interesting to see how the characters both felt when they realized they could recoup their relationship. The author was clever in offering both spouses points of view.  However, the ending did not do justice the rest of the novel.
I was all set to give this book 5 stars. Expertly written, kept you on the edge - and then, the ending. As a writer and author, I know how difficult it is to put a good story to words. Gillian Flynn has done that but the suspense, the intrigue and then a horrible ending. It almost seems the author just ran out of gas towards the end and, well, just ended it. A major disappointment for this reader.
We read this psychologial thriller for our book club and all our members liked it.  It is a fast read and holds your attention.  It is very disturbing subject matter.  In our book club discussion,  the group leader asked the question:  Do you really think there are people in this world like the two main characters??  The majority of the group did not hesitate to answer yes.  That is disturbing.
This book was definitely a page-turner, although I definitely could put it down for some normal ""life"" chores.  I love this genre, I loved the idea of a narrative POV of both the husband and wife.  I felt angry at the husband, then angry at the wife.  Then angry at the author.  She didn't know what else to write, so she just quit.  Left me hanging.  So what ended up happening?  I don't know.  I guess I'll never know.
The ranking on the best-seller list and the glowing testimony of an older gentleman who had read this were my reasons for reading Gone Girl.  To my dismay I found the writing just average.  The storyline kept me interested, but the ending felt like a let down. The twisted and evil and manipulative  thinking of the characters I found creepy and not my cup of tea, thank you.
The first part of the book is pretty slow, but then Part 2 things begin to get interesting, as Amy's mind begins to work.  Part 3 you think is going to be it.....but IT never comes.  I was extremely let down with the ending.  What a waste of my finger swiping... I like it dark and twisted as much as the next person, but this turned into a very anticlimactic ending.
I'm going to keep this brief. I Loved the characters. Amazing Amy and then there's Nick....Too bad the story couldn't keep up with the characters. Even though I was warned by previous reviewers I told myself they must be wrong. Any book that's on a best seller list as long as this one has is bound to be a wonderful read. It wasn't. Maybe the movie will be better!
This book had the potentials to be a great thriller: the carefully developed characters and how they unfolded, the twists, the build-ups, but it seems like the author could not harness the great work she created. The last few chapters dragged on. An expectation of at least something interesting would happen in the end did not materialize. Disappointing ending.
I found this a fascinating read and was delighted at the twist part two revealed.  That is until I reached part three.  I found the last part to be ridiculous and completely unbelievable.  I hated the end.  It was as if Flynn didn't know how to end the book.  I felt the same way after reading Sharp Objects.  I suppose this author simply doesn't suit my taste.
After hearing so many good reviews on this book, I thought I would order it instead of waiting for it  to become available at the library.  Although she is a great writer, (meaning that the book is easy to read, with a easy to follow plot)  I did not find myself immersed in the story.  I continued reading hoping for a surprise ending and was disappointed.
Hard to get into until the 50% point.  Then it really was a page turner.  Wow!  I couldn't wait to see how this story unfolded.  Then a lack-luster ending.  I felt like there could have been such a great twist to end the sick game, and then nothing.  The ending lacked satisfaction.  I felt like, ""That's it?"" which is why I gave it three stars.
The book began better than it ended - the writing just didn't maintain its appeal for me. It seemed to become more plot-driven than character or idea driven. And I may be showing my age here, but it was more vulgar than it needed to be. Not a bad read - just not as promising as I thought it would be. IMHO, probably a better movie than it was a book.
I'm not a big fan of reading two perspectives of the story with alternating chapters.  I wind up skipping half the book and only reading one side of the story.  Half way thru the book it really gets interesting but the ending is terrible. I would have killed off somebody or sent someone to jail.  This is not an ending I would want to live with.
I put off buying this book because of the reviews trashing the ending. I finally bought it because there were so many great reviews. I wish I could get my money back. The writing is not bad, but I got so bored I would forget I was reading it. I had no desire to get back to my book and find out what happened. I stopped reading half way through.
I have read all of Gillian Flynn's books. All of which had great dialogue and character development with a twist you would never expect. This book was a great read up until the end. I feel as if the ending was rushed and thrown together without much thought. I guess I was just expecting a more dramatic macabre ending then what I got....
Awesome story! Throughout the entire book I was on the edge of my seat and could barely set the book down. When I got to the end it left me looking for more pages, just hoping that I didn't just read the last page because the ending was ""flat""compared to the rest of the book. I hope that this isn't the way all of Gillian's books end!
Keeps you guessing but in the end totally unbelievable someone does not make one mistake in all aspects of their contrived story while living a web of lies. Not one thing out of place? Please! Read it and tell me you don't feel the same. Did not like the conclusion at all...looking forward to my book club to see what others thought.
Clever language prevails.  Imaginative similes and metaphors, but this novel is hampered by unrealistic characters who change personna at the drop of the need for a plot twist.  In the final analysis, a deserved punishment for the two unlikeable protagonists would be to have to read this book again and again and again.  Very slowly.
If you enjoy disappointments, then you'll enjoy this book...Although it seemed to be very well written and detailed, I didn't find any characters very likable.  The book causes your emotions to change between all the characters and it's hard to identify who are ""good"" and ""bad"".  In the end, it didn't really matter.
What an interesting book. I enjoyed the suspenseful plot that included many surprising twists. Each chapter was filled with new surprises. However, the author could have done without all the language. The ending was also very disappointing. It did not provide closure for the reader and was very sudden. Can't wait to see the movie!
Really. As the plot thickened,  it became more and more sickening.  I found it be too unrealistic and sappy.  Amy's character just wouldn't let it go and made me lose interest.  I was eager to read before the movie however the book has made less likely to see.  Very hard to believe the ending.Eileen, Stone Mountain, GA
Lots of twists and turns...disappointing ending
I read this book as a vacation book , and it did keep me interested . It was a good story , but for some reason I wasnt thrilled with how it ended .. Not that I think that it should have had a different ending , but the writing kind of just stopped , where you turn the page looking for more . It was a good read , not GREAT
I actually really enjoyed the story. I picked the book because the movie was coming out. I was warned that the ending wasn't good, but I was invested by then. I also didn't care for the ending and that is why I gave the book a rating of 3 stars.Otherwise, character  development was good, and the story kept my attention.
The book really grabs you at first and you think it is fabulous book but towards the end it almost seems like another writer took over. Very disappointed in the ending. Our book club read it and all had the same feeling.What happened? If the ending is set for a sequel it still could have been written better.
Up until the second half of the book I kept thinking I was reading a fictionalized version of the Lacey Peterson murder. It was almost an exact parallel. I enjoyed reading the story; it kept me engrossed.  I heard the movie will have a different ending- great because that's the part that was a disappointment for me!
The beginning had me hooked and I thought, wow maybe there was something to this book that made it a best seller. Throughout the first part I kept that same thought. Then the second part came and the interest started to waver. Really? That's where this is heading? And then at then end all I could think was, wtf?!?
I read a sample of this book and it didn't appeal to me, but so many people said how wondweful it was, that I decided to see if I missed something in the story and purchased the book. It was an ok book and maybe because I figured right from the start that she wasn't dead that I couldn't say it would be a favorite.
At first, I didn't like the book; then I got wrapped up in  the complexities of the title character, but then it got to be just TOO much.  I know Amy was AMAZING, but that she never made a single slip up? Hated the ending.  Don't want to be a spoiler.  It is coming out as a film, but we all know the book is ale
The ending ruined the rest of the book. I just finished it and am actually a little angry about how ridiculous the last few chapters were. I guess the rest of the story was interesting but I would not recommend this book to anyone. Thankfully I barrowed my copy from a friend and did not wast any money on this.
The world is full of enough mean-hearted people, and I was hoping for a better ending....I was hoping for justice.  However, no justice comes in the end...in a world full of negativity and hurtful things and people, it disheartens me to read a novel--in which I hope to escape--that ends with no redemption.  :(
I loved this book, lots of plot twists, compelling characters, good writing ........ Until the ending. It rather reminded me of the ending of ""Where'd You Go, Bernadette"". I had the feeling the author thought the required number of pages had been written, so ... The End. Extremely disappointing.
Highly suspenseful, exciting, suprising, and would have been much better with less than half of the course language!  I found all the 4 letter words distracting, and more than once I almost put the book away.  I wouldn't read another book by this author, if it started off with the same course language.
Gripping, fascinating stuff for the first 75% but, alas, sputtered to a weak ending. Five stars for the first part, 1.5 for the rest. That said, except for the end, I don't think I've ever enjoyed a book so much with two such unlikable protagonists. Kept me turning the pages .. until the story died.
I liked the development of Nick & Amy's personalities viewed through their 'diary' entries. It was surprising to me to see both of them change from 'normal' personalities to just the opposite, and no hero in sight. I'm no prude, but if you took out all the f--- words, the book would be half as long.
I hate to only give this book 3 stars but I really was so so disappointed by the ending.  I feel like the author got tired and wanted to immediately wrap the book up so she ended the book without any thought.  I will say I could not put this book down and other then the ending, the book was awesome.
Nick and Amy. I tried very hard to like both of the characters. From the beginning I sensed a dishonesty in both of them. I give this book 4 stars for originality and writing but I'm taking 1 star away because of the ending. I wanted both characters to pay for the emotional journey they took me on.
Well..if you are thoroughly bored and are looking for a quick read where you don't have to put much thought into, this is your book. It is very poorly written but it does have a decent story line. I am sure it will be made into a movie and I am hoping Hollywood can do a better job that Gillian did.
I really liked this book until I got to the end.  It was fast paced and clever.  But the ending was very disappointing to say the least.  The author had something great and then wasted it when the end of the story came.  The ending was bad and totally unbelievable.  I was really disappointed.
This was a story with twists and turns, entertaining story of love gone wrong. Details in personality soon helped you to develop an understanding of the story. Crazy girl falls in love with a crazy guy. Did not like the ending as it left me hanging as to what their future might end up to be.
Gone Girl was an ok book, starts off on a really slow pace with the author explaining about the characters..liked the narration by the characters themselves, was a new kind of book that ways... too many twists & turns, but gets a little dragged towards the last 30 pages or so..
I would have chosen one star, except for the fact that  it was a page Turner. Only thing is.... you were turning the page in the anticipation that something good would happen, but it never did. Then it is over and you are just frustrated and disgusted with how pathetic the characters are.
Interestingly constructed story, but I'm one of those people who doesn't like watching movies about morally reprehensible characters, and I guess I'm the same way about books. I read to the end HOPING that there would be closure and justice, but otherwise it was not worth the effort.
I know I'm in the minority when it comes to reviewing this book. But I just didn't enjoy this read at all. The characters were unlikable, even despicable. I tried several times to read and re-read early chapters, finally finding a pace and accepting the limits of these characters.
As with most things, the ending is what makes something great or not.  Think about it.  A movie (bad ending, you'll never remember the movie), a person(great life, one mistake at end and you never remember the good). This was a great read up until the end. I was very disappointed.
The novel is well written from a first person perspective and two people's views.  It was an enjoyable read, a bit unrealistic and left me feeling a bit disillusioned when I finished it. If you are a sceptic you may find it unbelievable, but at least the storyline was compelling.
Did not like the ending at all! This book had me very engaged after I was about 4 or 5 chapters in, but I was most disappointed in the ending. I like more resolution to books than this one had. If I'd known how it was going to end, I probably wouldn't have bothered to read it.
While Ms. Flynn is a very talented writer, I grew tired of this story.  There were no heroes, and I like heroes and a satisfying bad guy/girl gets caught/punished ending.  Yes, it was very creative... but ultimately dreary and kind  of depressing.  I was glad when it was over.
The writer really does a great job of fleshing out her characters. Her observations are so detailed. It was well written and really had me despising Nick. Imagine my surprise when...Wow, the lengths a person will go too. Well done. I've now downloaded her first-Sharp Objects.
the only reason i gave this book a three star rating is that the writing is excellent.  the plot inventive but completely unbelievable.  i don't  believe someone can commit so many manipulations involving the law and get away with it.  i am sorry i wasted my time reading it.
Took forever to get sucked in, then couldn't put it down... and then the ending sucked. I loved the twisting, turning plot... and just when you thought resolution was coming, boom! Another curve ball. I think that's why the ending frustrated me so badly... zero resolution.
DIDN't care for the ending.  Both of them deserved their own punishment.  I guess I took his side in the end because of what she did to Desi and the others.  She was a good psychopath. That was scary to think someone can get away with this premise.  I was hooked.
I had to read 50% before this book became interesting and then I got hooked until the end when I just got disgusted. It seemed like the author ran out of steam and didn't know how to end it. Since I didn't like the first half or the last quarter, it gets 3 stars.
Loved the different perspectives of the characters--amazed at how listening to one character's side a fairly firm judgement could be made and then could do a total 180 when you heard the other side.  I wish justice had been reached in a different way in the end.
Totally liked this book until the end......ugh. Clever but unsatisfying.Language - off-putting, I almost quit reading because it was unnecessary.Very clever premise, very intense, then thbbbbbbt - I felt like a balloon that had just deflated, empty.
Did not grab my attention, stuck with it then couldn't put it down, then couldn't wait for it to just be done. I was so sick of Amazing Amy. So tired of the never ending loop of dysfunction.  Glad when it was over and made note not pick up more by same author.
I started this book and just couldn't put it down .I thought the plot was very intriguing but was truly disappointed with the ending,  It seemed as if the author just ran out of steam, but maybe the ending reflects the compromises in life,  Good airplane read.
This story was well written and had me fooled. I really didn't like either one of the main characters. I found it disturbing but this is not my usual genre. For those of you that like murder, mystery and suspense. Go for it! It had me at the edge of my seat!
I wanted to read this book before seeing the movie.  The story line was interesting and once I got to the half way point in the book, I couldn't put it down.  It's not a book I would read again, but reading it was a decent way to spend time while snowed in.
A really engrossing first half of the book, but the writer plays all the story's cards too early and the momentum completely dissolves once the major twists are revealed and never quite recovers.  A clever premise but the ending was completely preposterous!
First I felts sorry for the wife and hated the husband, then I hated the wife and felt sorry for the husband. In the end, I think I hated them both! Truly disliked the ending, what an irritating let down. If you don't like injustices, don't read this book.
I had heard that this was a great book and I wanted to read it before the movie came out. Maybe my expectations were too high because it was just okay to me. I am not a prude, but I didn't like all or the profanity. To me that takes away from the story.
Great story until the end.  I do not like guessing how a story ends.  Fast paced and really could not wait to get to the next page, then the ending was very disappointing to me.  Just my opinion.  Have heard others say they would rate it with 5 stars.
Love the first 75% of the book then things started moving too fast with no explanation. Wish the author would have giving more detail on the last 25% of the book. It's as if she ran out of time and had to end this book too quickly. I hated the ending.
I loved this book in the beginning! It was the kind of book I couldn't put down. I enjoyed the concept of the story being told from 2 points of view. But after I found out the true character of the wife the story began to drag. I was bored by the end.
It seems to me, many contemporary writers either get bored with their current novel or just bring it to conclusion. Maybe they just want to set us up for the sequel. Either way I'm not buying in. As so I probably won't read anything else this author.
This was originally posted on https://thelittlebookaffair.wordpress.com/I almost didn’t finish this book several times due to the fact that I felt very emotionally detached from the characters. I usually like books that have switching point of views but there was something about it in this book that actually got on my nerves. Actually, every character in Gone Girl got on my nerves with the exception of Go. I didn’t like that the switching point of views were set during different time frames at first and I didn’t really like how neither of our narrators were reliable.However, I am happy I continued reading because this book is full with one plot twist after another and a few of them are plot twists that I didn’t see coming. Once I got about halfway through the book I became increasingly interested in the disappearance of Amy and I wanted to know where she was and who took her. I actually found myself somewhat enjoying the book. I kept coming up with all of these theories about what happened. I liked that the mystery wasn’t easy enough for me to figure out within the first couple of chapters. While I did guess some plot points before they happened, I never really guessed the big picture; even though I sorta figured the ending, I didn’t imagine it would go down like that.However, my biggest complaint with Gone Girl is how it was written, honestly. It was written so slow and so boring. The author does a fantastic job of creating characters that are truly screwed up, but Gillian Flynn’s writing is entirely too descriptive for my taste and I feel like she drug the book out longer than it had to be. That’s the main reason it got 3 stars. I do want to pick up Flynn’s other books, because the stories seem interesting, however I’m not rushing to pick them up considering I’m not a huge fan of the way she writes.
My wife and I watched the movie Gone Girl some time ago. Even though I'm not a big Ben Afleck fan in any movies he's done since Good Will Hunting, it looked like a good plot. After watching the movie, I was disappointed. Neither the character of Nick Dunne or his wife, Amy, were likable in the movie. In fact, I wanted to yell at both of them to be better people. I thought Ben Afleck's smirking throughout the disappearance of his movie wife was just bad acting. The ending sucked. I wanted, however, to give this work a chance so I bought the book and plowed my way through it.Let me say at the outset that, after reading the book, Ben Afleck and Rosamund Pike did a good job of playing the two main characters, Nick and Amy. They were supposed to be socially and morally bankrupt with inappropriate reactions to social cues. In that regard, they portrayed the book's characters admirably.Now to the book. I hated both of the main characters for the duration of the book. Amy Dunne frames her husband and frankly, he almost deserves it. She then takes the leap from a framing, scheming wife to a cold blooded killer of her smothering benefactor. It is quite a leap even based on the pattern of sociopathic behavior she shows throughout her life based on stories of her earlier encounters with those close to her.The one redeeming quality of the book is the way the narrative plays out. It is told in first person by both Nick and Amy. They alternate chapters with Nick giving a running dialog of the events and Amy giving counterpoint in the form of diary entries. Early on, as a reader, you begin to suspect that Amy's diary entries are not accurate. Later we are told that she has put together a fake diary as a way to frame her husband and that she has been planning on abandoning him for quite some time.As the book ends, there is some interesting parts of the story that were not in the movie. Nick works with the police to attempt to prove that Amy framed him and murdered her former high school boyfriend. This effort ends abruptly when Nick finds out that Amy is pregnant from some sperm he had donated earlier in their marriage. He had filled out a form to destroy it that his wife had apparently never turned in. The ending of the book is not much better than the movie's end. I gave it a try and I'm surprised that, based on the ending, this was optioned for a movie without some kind of rewrite to give it resolution.
This book was a page-turner until Amy loses all her money to her two new low-life friends, in the chapter ""Amy Elliott Dunne, Nine days Gone.""  Until then, the author continued to enthrall and surprise me, and I alternated between siding with Nick or, when we learn about Nick's one-year affair, on Amy's side.  When we later learn from Amy that she is in fact alive and had set up her husband as her murderer, as horrible as the set-up was, I sympathized with Amy's anger at her husband and her disgust at her parents' treatment of her as a child, never seeing or appreciating the real Amy but expecting her to be the ""Amazing Amy"" character in the books they authored through her childhood and teenage years.The author even managed to have me believe in diary-Amy and the other Amy characters Amy later discloses to the reader that she has pretended to play over the years.  But one unwavering characteristic of Amy is that she is smart.  Not as smart as the readers believed she was prior to losing all her money after her get-away, but still very bright and very clever,  in several ways.  The clues she uses in the treasure hunts she plans for Nick are the work of a woman of high intelligence.  And when we learn how she convinced Nick, her parents and her friends that she really was Diary Amy, the reader gets another clue about her intelligence.  Finally, when the reader learns how Amy spent a year successfully planning her disappearance without Nick, her parents or anyone else in her life suspecting anything about her plan, we're convinced that Amy is not just very bright but shrewd and resourceful.  We also know that although she didn't have to worry about money while growing up in affluence, her rich parents must have taught her a thing or two about keeping her money safe, and living as an adult in New York and then in a neighborhood not so safe from crime in Missouri certainly would have boosted her awareness of how to safely store cash.So, why would the author try to convince the reader, in Amy's ""Nine Days Gone"" chapter, that Amy is entirely brainless about money?  Amy could have hidden some of the cash in her car, perhaps under the spare tire, or in some books stored in the truck.  She could have wandered in the woods outside of the complex of rental cabins and hidden some of the cash in a box under a tree (remember Shawshank redemption?).  Or, she had a year to plan her disappearance and certainly could have learned how to obtain a false identity and opened a back account under that name and ID.But Amy keeps ALL the cash to fund her new life after her disappearance in one place? THAT would not be the Amy the reader has grown to know.  She stores the money she doesn't keep in her money belt it in different places around the cabin, but she knows it's a flimsy cabin surrounded by poverty-stricken individuals with probable thieving experience, so the cabin could be easily broken-into.  And the Amy we know would never think for a minute that if thieves broke in they wouldn't ransack the cabin and find all the ""hidden"" money.  So Amy's cluelessness about money is entirely out of character for the Amy the author has us believing in until now.  Amy is well aware her two new low-life friends have seen her money belt, yet she puts ALL her cash in it as she's leaving! The Amy readers knew until then would have disposed of the money-belt when it was noticed and found another hiding place for her cash.  Last but not least, why tell her questionable friends she's leaving when she could make a quiet night-time get away?I realize that the author is able to broaden the story after Amy loses all her cash and calls her friend Desi to help her, and by that chaptert of the book, the reader feels that Amy deserves to lose her cash and more.  Perhaps the author believed that the reader would get bored with Amy's subsequent wanderings, trying to live on a budget and remain undiscovered.  But I was disappointed that the author couldn't maintain Amy's smart character and continue the story with Amy somehow losing her cash another way, and not all at once.
Gone Girl by  Gilliam FlynnStarts out with Nick and Amy and their marriage has taken a wrong turn. Nick used to work in the magazine field and has lost his job after 11 years, in NYC.Amy then lost her job and they moved to Missouri.  He borrows money from his twin sister and opens a bar.  It's their 5th wedding anniversary and the neighbor calls to inform Nick his front door is wide open with the cat on the porch. He hurries home to find things half done by Amy and she's nowhere to be found.He had expected her to do her treasure hunt-one I used to do with kids I'd babysit for. She had left the kettle on the stove, iron on and things left unirioned-so unlike Amy. The book has alternating chapters from Amy, some from her diary over the years, dating back to when they first met and as their relationship matured over the years.Other events come to the forefront: his sister helping him and their father who left the home he was in...The notes to his treasure hunt with the help of the police take him on a journey of riddles that he can solve in hopes of finding her. The inlaws try to come to his rescue and help solve the mystery treasure hunt also and to shine light to Amy's past.Infidelities and lies are a new way of life to help cope with his wife's turn away from him.  Cops come up with other bits of evidence, borrowing against her trust fund for the bar and to take care of his dying mother, gun purchase, blood on the floor, his wife was pregnant, life insurance policy, $$ cc due in his name only, staged things that aren't adding up and he hires a lawyer who he must not lie to...Story also follows Amy and how she planned some things to make it point to Nick as the killer, she needs to punish him for what she knows.Next surprises me and I feel they deserve one another and all their secrets and lies. Really indepth background work done for the planning stages.I received this book from National Library Service for my BARD (Braille Audio Reading Device).
Nick and Amy’s marriage has been deteriorating for years. When layoffs and a family illness force the couple to relocate from New York to Nick’s small hometown in Missouri, the once-happy marriage becomes strained. When Nick gets a call from a neighbor that there is something amiss at his house, he isn’t sure what he’ll find. There are signs of a struggle and Amy is missing. Despite pleading his innocence, with each day that passes without a sign of Amy, the more the police begin to look at Nick. But Amy didn’t leave without a trace, following a series of clues left by his wife for their anniversary, Nick discovers there is more to his wife’s disappearance than meets the eye.*Please note that while this review does not contain spoilers, it does allude to certain events in the novel that would be best understood by those who have read it.I was a little conflicted on how to rate Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl. On one hand, I found the story incredibly compelling. Amy and Nick’s different narratives are often at odds with one another, casting doubt on the reliability of one or both accounts. Neither character comes across as flawless and it is difficult to find either to be truly likable, but with that being said, the story is never boring and the uncertainty of the narrative keeps the reader engaged.There is, however, a shift in the story that I was less sure about as the novel progressed. While there is a delicious twist, the novel’s direction afterwards regarding Amy felt odd. I bought into the twist because of the intelligence of the characters, but Amy’s journey leads her into a situation that didn’t agree with what I had learned about her.Any complaints I have are mostly forgivable as I did enjoy the novel for the most part and found its characters complex and engaging. The unraveling of many characters’ lies and the mystery of Amy’s disappearance begged me to keep reading.
First of all, let me say that I have never before written a review for a book, or anything else for that matter really, but I feel the need to for this book. The beginning was just plain odd. The first half dragged on with a lot of back-and-forth nonsense which was really just more annoying than anything else, but also necessary I guess in order to eat the plot and background. It just could have been a lot shorter while painting the same picture. I felt exhausted, breathless, and actually welcomed any excuse to put it down during the first half. However, with all the hype it got, I felt compelled to finish it..something had to give, right? The ""twist"" halfway through is exhilarating. However, the plot and storyline go downhill really fast after the that.  The story just kind of falls apart, like the author couldn't continue the twisted, messed up plot she started, couldn't come up with any new ideas of how to make it more climactic than the half-way-through-twist, and gives up. Sums everything up very fast without any of the dramatic, dragged out detail of the rest of the book, which isn't a bad thing. BUT it doesn't flow or seem like the same writing. It leaves many, many holes in the plot that are somewhat addressed and purposefully looked over. You are left to assume that everyone in the book is as tired of the story as the author seems to be and lacks to give an explanation for these holes, which is not consistent with rest of the book(everything else is explained and laid out in detail). I actually didn't hate the ending itself, it makes perfect sense. However, the build up of the story up to and through the middle of the book seems to literally go nowhere. Hits a peak and just falls, like she got lazy and bored with her own story and wanted it to end, which is exactly what I was feeling and see the characters are feeling as well. I just wanted it to be over, and not because I was enthralled in the story and HAD to know the ending.That being said, I loved the characters, loved the psychological play at human nature, relationships, marriage, family, parenting, fame, and the media's role in influencing today's society in legal system. The relatablity, the rawness, the thorough and complete development of the characters, their thoughts, personalities, and psyche is truly something brilliant and unmatched by other authors I have read. The depth the characters have, the layers, and the unraveling of these layers make them irrisistable, lovable, and unlikable at the same time.The storyline and plot is excellent, just not executed in the best way, in my opinion. The ending is perfect and logical and I highly commend the author for not turning it into a Hollywood like, theatrical one. It stays true to the nature of the characters and what logically makes sense. Overall, Flynn has an almost perfect mystery, psychological thriller of a novel with a well developed plot and characters, only failing to fully carry out the attention to detail and stick to the story she starts. Read it if you get the chance. Just don't go into it  with the expectation of a surprise, explosion ending, which ruins it for some as I have read.
== REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS ==Okay, WHAT THE HELL was that ending? And I don’t mean that in the “HOLY CRAP THAT WAS AMAZING!” way; I mean it in the “what was that pointless, unsatisfying ending?” way.To be clear, I adored Gone Girl for about 90% of the book. I was hooked, loving it, totally desperate for more. I loved the mystery and the not knowing and I was dying to hear about this famously shocking ending. Little did I know that it was a “shocking” ending not because of what happened to Amy or whether or not Nick was guilty, but shocking because of how totally, surprisingly unsatisfying it was. And that pisses me off!I hate how I was loving this book so much, then the ending killed it. If not for the ending, this could have easily been a 5-star book. But the ending left me with a feeling of: that’s it? I was so shocked that there weren’t more pages; shocked that THIS how it’s going to be left. That ending left me with a bad, annoying feeling of what was otherwise a phenomenal book.This review has turned out so different than how I imagined. When I was like 80 or 85% finished, I was already picturing my review. I could see myself raving about the mystery and the “not knowing” and the desperate desire to get to the end. I was making guess upon guess upon guess and I wanted to see if any of them would be right! But most importantly, I wanted Amy to suffer some consequences. I wanted her parents and the world to see her for the lying, manipulative, crazy b*tch she was. But the ending changed everything. It changed my whole opinion of the book and it changed my entire review, from one glowing with praise, to one dripping with frustration and annoyance. WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME?!?!If you want to know what happens in the end, I’ll recap it for you: Quite early on we learn that Amy is framing Nick for murder because she realized Nick was cheating on her. But at that same time, we realize that Amy is actually psycho. I mean, she has some serious mental issues that need to be treated. She tries on personalities like you’d try on shoes. For Nick, she tried on the “cool girl” personality, but after they got married, she started dropping that personae and as a result, Nick fell out of love with her (which is understandable, because she wasn’t who he thought she was). So, he started cheating (that doesn’t make cheating okay, but it makes it more understandable, I guess). Amy found out and wanted Nick to suffer so she decided to plan to run away, but frame Nick for her murder, and eventually kill herself to solidify the evidence (she was that crazy). Then Nick realizes that Amy is framing him (through a series of notes she left him) and is FREAKING PISSED because everyone thinks he killed her. So I’m sitting there wanting Nick to either kill Amy or at least have her sent to prison… instead, she goes back to him (killing an innocent guy to get there, further proving her psycho behaviour), spins a false tale of kidnap, rape, and abuse (by the innocent guy), and then she and Nick just get back together. And have a child. What the heck. That poor child. It’s going to have the most messed up parents ever, because the parents both hate each other but pretend to love each other (they actually say those words).For most of the book, Gone Girl was intense, captivating, and full of surprises. I loved it so much, which was a huge deal for me because I was hating a lot of books at the time. But that ending… it just killed my love for this story. That incredible, carefully thought out story just unraveled and we were left with pieces that made no sense and offered no satisfaction or justice/revenge.I don’t even know how to rate this book because with a better ending, I would have given it 5 stars. How to I rate it when it’s a great book, but the ending is total crap? I have no idea, so I kind of picked 3 stars at random.
I chose to read this book because I had heard it was very good. It is well written and and kept me reading because of all the unexpected twists. The first part of the book you read Amy’s diary every other chapter and also hearing Nick deal with his wife being missing in between. The author created characters that I could not relate to in any way. Amy is a rich girl who has everything in her life handed to her. Nick is the guy you know that is WAY too full of himself and thinks every girl wants to be with him. Yes, he is “that” guy. Together they make the the world’s worst couple. I think Gillian Flynn was trying to create the popular couple in high school that is absolutely repulsive. The girl things they will be together forever and the guy just thinks she is hot. And no one will tell them that they shouldn’t be together. Nick and Amy’s relationship is based on their interactions in bed. In the beginning you get the idea that she is this sweet innocent girl who is trying to help her husband as much as she can. And in the end you find out that is not the case at all. The deception of both Amy and Nick’s personality was the best part of the book. One moment you think Amy is helpless and needy then all of a sudden she is psychopath that can’t contain her own emotions. You’ll start to think Nick had nothing to do with Amy’s disappearance, then you find out some information that could change the entire thing. After every chapter it was almost impossible to put down because I never knew what would happen next.Despite not knowing what major event might happen, almost every chapter had a graphic scene or thoughts of the characters. Without the precise description about the characters relations with each other the book would have been much more enjoyable. And the ending makes frustrated to a point that I want to bang my head against a wall.-Amelia S
Three and a Half StarsxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxI'm never one to jump on a hype train nor am I one to diss a work simply because it's popular. The truth is Gone Girl is a pretty good book. When Gillian Flynn's first book, SHARP OBJECTS, came out, my local bookseller (back when those were a reality) recommended it and I remember diving in very excited. After a few chapters I thought, ""here's someone that can really write,"" and ""I don't care one iota about the story."" However many years later, I can't remember anything about that novel other than it had razor blades on the cover. Gone Girl shows an evolution in Flynn's work. She still has the same effortless, engaging style of prose, but her plotting, narrative drive and pacing has all gotten better. She obviously has commercial ideas and succeeded in capturing themes in the zeitgeist.What I like about Gone Girl is that it moves easily and effortlessly. Despite having a number of twists and turns, most of them feel organic to the story. That's a difficult thing to do. Usually when you have so many twists, they start to feel contrived. I didn't question any of them until the last 100 pages and even then, I didn't have a problem with the way the story ended. If anything, I like that she made a controversial choice and stuck to it. If anything, I appreciate the maturity in not giving it a conventional thriller ending.So why did I give it three and a half stars instead of four or five? Ultimately, I didn't like any of the characters. Not that they weren't well drawn, I just didn't find any of them sympathetic. It's one thing to feel sorry for a character or even mad at them, but to kind of loathe everyone makes me less interested in investing my emotions and that took some of the power out of the story. I still think Flynn is talented, but this isn't a book I would ever read again. It is a solid book, however, and I don't begrudge the time it took to read. I enjoyed most of it and would read Flynn again. Still, I can't help thinking if Gone Girl hadn't become a phenomenon whether I would have viewed it, like its predecessor, and wondered a few years down the line, ""what was that book about again?
Truly, I was torn between a 3 and a 4 star rating. My tiebreaker is how long it takes me to read the book. And for this one, I think there was at week or so where I had no trouble abandoning it. But then I picked it back up, and as it turns out, it is worth reading.I found the book hard to get into. It takes a while, a long while, to set the table. Around the midpoint, the plot does thicken deliciously. So there most definitely is a payoff. In fact, quite a few moments that are very memorable.The writing is talented, but the flow is uneven. First of all, the story is told in the first persons of the wife and the husband, alternating throughout the book in short chapters. So, that takes some getting used to, since the two characters tell their stories in different cadences. Being in the first person, unfortunately, means that elegant flowing narrative prose is not the default mode. Still, I did like the clever turns of phrase the author produced. Samples:If you own a bar on your own, you're a player; if you own it with your beloved twin sister, you're...Irish.and, at the local casino in the Ozarks:The young male employees of the casino are talking about girls, get us some girls, but besides me, the only girls I see are golden.and as a short demo of writing chops:The ultimate white-knight fantasy: He steals the abused princess from her squalid circumstances and places her under his gilded protection in a castle that no one can breach but him.Most of the clever turns of phrase are plot-dependent, like the first two above samples.To sum up, I was a bit disappointed in the book, given its charmed reception by both the public and the critics. Maybe if I had been the ""Christopher Columbus of Gillian Flynn"", the first on my block to discover her, I would have enjoyed the book more. After seeing the book fly off the shelves, I was expecting a little more. But, was it a worthwhile read? In a word....Yes.
Thousands of five star reviews on Amazon.com? I don’t get it.  I found Gone Girl a struggle from start to finish. Without doubt the basic premise immediately attracts.  Trapped in a dying marriage, a husband returns home to find his wife missing. Before long he finds himself the primary suspect in her disappearance, enmeshed in a fiendishly insidious network of clues that make him appear increasingly guilty to the police, to the press, to the public at large ….But Gone Girl offers two utterly dysfunctional and boring protagonists, with boring self-satisfied in-laws, and bland boring neighbours.  I have never before come across a novel peopled with so many characters lacking the least vestige of interest. The main characters are singularly unappealing… he’s selfish and self-centred and, whether she’s clingy and needy, or vicious and controlling, she remains poisonous.Tedium hangs like a pall over the entire story and it is all so depressing that I constantly felt the need to dump it in the bin and put myself out of my misery. But I was dragged from page to page by a morbid fascination that would not allow me to let go.  Was it worth the effort?  Absolutely not! Sharing interminably in the self- deluded and narcissistic stream-of-consciousness that constitutes the book’s format almost sucked the very soul out of me.One thing I will say, however, is that this author has talent. The writing is brilliant; the plot is brilliant; the characterisation is brilliant; the psychological insights are brilliant. Every twist and turn depicts a mind that is sharp, convoluted and, well, brilliant. There are some strikingly original ways of looking at ordinary life in this writing, wonderfully fresh and inventive similes and not a cliché in sight. Yet I cannot help but feel that what we are reading emanates from a mind that has a toxic view of the world.  There is nothing here that stirs empathy and without empathy how can we care happens to the characters?Superbly crafted though it is, I didn’t like this book. I hated how I was made to feel by the cloying nastiness that pervaded the whole story. It seemed to cling to me even as I turned back into my own life. It’s sad to say but if this is the way that modern tastes in literature are trending, then God help those of us who simply want to write traditional thrillers and romances.
I would really like to be able to give this book 4 or 5 stars, but in good conscience cannot.If the book is considered solely as a mystery, the writing is exceptional. Flynn's descriptions are powerful, compact, and immaculate. Her prose is fluid and gripping, and she manages to keep a persistent suspense slowly building throughout the book, which is no small accomplishment. The plot of the novel is nearly flawless, with one notable exception, and unfortunately it is so significant in my mind as to be highly detrimental to the experience of reading the book.*Warning: potential spoilers ahead*My only real problem with this novel is that the plot is so compelling and powerful through 98% of the book that the ending leaves a great deal to be desired. In fact, throughout the last 20 or so pages of the novel, nothing really happens at all. There are a few brief conversations between some of the book's pertinent characters, during which each of them reaffirms that nothing is happening, and the novel leaves the reader with essentially no resolution.Now in general I do not object to the philosophy of leaving the reader desiring more, nor am I fundamentally opposed to novels that have a lack of closure. However in this case, I simply got the feeling that the novelist didn't know how to end the book. This is not merely unsatisfactory from a plot standpoint, in the case of this novel, but because of the complexities of the themes throughout the book it is spiritually/morally unsatisfying. I am aware that it is, to some degree, a ""genre"" novel, and from a suspense standpoint as I have stated it works nearly flawlessly. However this book is called a novel. It is in the literary fiction section in my bookstore, and thus I cannot help but draw from it the themes and lessons it offers. From this standpoint, the book is atrocious. Somewhat good but flawed characters devolve into absolute villains, and though this is not explicitly stated, this is because ""marriage"" has killed what is unique in them; in the end the only peace that is found is in each monster waiting for the best opportunity to devour the other. I find this to be a disturbing portrait of not only marriage but also of the human psyche, and though I have no doubt there are people in the world who are so desperate and consumed by hatred, I do not find that something to champion.Perhaps I am old fashioned, but I feel that wandering through this entire journey only to find that everyone loses is quite a drag. And one could argue that this is Flynn's point, if she has one: that selfishness and violence make everyone losers. However this doesn't come across nearly so well as the theme that the compromises required by marriage (or any form of mutual society, for that matter) will destroy us unless we fight back in any way possible. If this is an unintentional by-product of her work, then it is careless writing, and if it is intentional, then it is not a theme behind which I can rally.There is every possibility that someone can read this novel simply as entertainment, and as such it works fairly well. I just cannot wholeheartedly endorse entertainment whose sole purpose is shock. This novel, to me, is roughly the equivalent of a horror movie: it can be done very, very well, and elicit all the correct emotional responses, but in the end, that is all it does. By the conclusion of such a work, you are simply left drained, because there is nothing in the work that redeems or refills. Many people enjoy horror films. I do not.
I just finished Gillian Flynn’s “Gone Girl.” It’s like a page from a missing/murdered wife headline. The Laci Peterson story revisited. Several reviewers commented on the craziness of the novel, the sickness of its characters. How they were made for each other—twisted. Some gave one star reviews because of the sick and twisted nature of the novel. Others gave it glowing praise. Love it or hate it, the book had (at the time of this blog) a whopping 24,466 reviews. WOW! I wanted to know what all the hype was about.The story starts out with a Nick Dunn admiring his wife’s brain. I mean the coils of it. Like he might just open her skull and take a look inside. Sounds sick right? Well, his wife, Amy, is missing. But as the police start their investigation, all the clues point to Nick. There is a very good reason for that. He’s not doing himself any favors as he, in front of all the cameras and beside his missing wife’s photo, does the craziest thing: he smiles. It’s all downhill from there. Did he kill Amy? Or is she just gone?I loved Gillian Flynn’s free, conversational style. It gave me an idea of who Nick and Amy really were and allowed me to form my own opinion of each of them, you know? Not just be told that Nick is weak and a little disturbing or that Amy has some serious—serious—issues. They spoke through the pages and couldn’t hide who they were. That’s the beauty of first person. My only dislike was the excess profanity. That’s just a personal thing though. An old person, I don’t remember who, told me long ago, “You gotta eat the fish but spit out the bones.” Well there were a lot of bones in this  fish. It was like carp. Other than that, I loved the novel and look forward to Ben Affleck’s portrayal of Nick.""Gone Girl"" made me consider toxic relationships and if you’ve never been in one then God bless you. Imagine being with someone that you can’t really close your eyes around. Being intimately involved with a crazy person, or to be nice, a person who lives on the outskirts of a town called reality. The thing about it is, there are all sorts of telltale signs that the person you're getting involved with is emotionally challenged and I think that either Amy or Nick (I won’t say which because I don’t want to spoil the ending) chose to ignore those signs. Should you see them, the signs that an interested person is a little off, run! Pray that they get it together. But by all means, pray while you’re running.
This book faces two problems. First, how can a book live up to all the hype?  Second, that's the real ending?I admit that I was hesitant about reading this book. How could something so hyped actually be that good?  And truthfully, the first 2/3 of this book was fantastic.  I was glued to my chair with the suspense.  I might have whiplash from the constant changes in direction. Just when you think you have someone or something  figured out, WHAM, the course you were on suddenly seems foolish.  I literally when from liking to hating to liking to being repulsed by Nick in 100 pages.  I could not figure this guy out.  And then Amy.  That is a whole other discussion that I am going to avoid to keep this review relatively spoiler free.And then the final third of the book, the much anticipated conclusion to this thrilling game.  It's like you're driving down the interstate going 105, then suddenly you get a flat tire which causes the car to flip and spin out of control.  You don't know what's up, where's down, and frankly you don't much care as long as you can get out of this wreckage.Another analogy.  Hitting the perfect tee shot, and as it's about to land on the green, it suddenly banks hard to the left and ends up lost in the trees.That's how the ending of this book is. As you are winding down, you anticipate what you hope will be a satisfying ending for the characters, and even with two pages left, still stubbornly optimistic it's going to be okay. Then....not so much.I'm sure there are those who will love the ending.  They will say it was creative and a work of brilliance. Maybe it's true, but for me, not so much. I appreciate the attempt, but the rage has left a bitter taste in my mouth.Love this book, but the end really makes me reconsider recommending it to someone; however I also really want to talk about it with people, so I'm sure I'll pass it along.
(Don't read this if you haven't read the book - I discuss the ending).A reasonable potboiler - it definitely sucked me in.But here's the thing...in a book so heavily-plotted, in which one is presented sets of facts in deliberate order that cause one to re-think previously presented facts, that the story needs to stand up to at least some reasonable level of scrutiny.Granted, that's a hard thing to do when your characters are doing out-of-the-ordinary things, and one always needs to suspend disbelief at a certain level. But in Gone Girl, the plot requires us to buy wholesale something which just doesn't scan: Amy plans every detail of her plot against her philandering husband for a year, but then must improvise at the last minute, pinning the blame for her kidnapping on childhood friend Desi, telling the police that Desi forced her on a multi-day odyssey of rape and imprisonment. The reader is left for some time to chew on the injustice of that, and to curse Amy's penchant to successfully achieve her aims through thorough and amoral manipulation.But the thing is, all that needs to happen for Amy's story to unravel would be some evidence that Desi was somewhere else during those times he was suppose to be abducting her. It beggars belief that Desi didn't do something during one of those days which somebody else witnessed. He could have met a friend, went to a restaurant and paid by credit card, showed up on a security camera somewhere, had a business meeting, SOMETHING!  Surely he had a cell phone during those days which pinged St. Louis towers rather than Carthage towers. It's very hard for almost anybody be completely unaccounted for during the course of the day, but we must believe that either (1). Desi was sufficiently weird and friendless and isolated so as to be reliably invisible or (2). No one would be willing to advocate his cause enough to figure these things out.Nick, Boney, and Go meet in a Pancake House to explore poking holes in Amy's story but this gaping, enormous, OBVIOUS issue is never addressed.  Desi's mom - though hysterical -- is not without means to hire people to also ask these questions.But as the novel ends, Amy's hastily put-together story stands as the official record. I almost threw my kindle against the wall.
Two years after the rest of the world started raving about Gone Girl (which even has its own Wikipedia page!), I've finally read it myself.And, well... I have to admit to being underwhelmed.Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed the novel and was keen to discover the oft-mentioned twists myself, but I suspect the hype led me to believe the book was going to be something astoundingly different. And amazing. My #meh-ness could also be because I've read a lot (and I mean A LOT) of similar books: thrillers in which husbands or wives disappear, leaving behind suspects and secrets.Indeed I recently previewed a novel in which - after following this poor beleaguered suspect throughout the novel - you actually discover at the end that she DID do it and (though she's actually very nice and quite likeable) she casually knocks off her husband at the end so he takes the blame for everything. And I did not see it coming. At all!For those who may not have yet read Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl, the plot centres around the disappearance of a woman and the plight of her less-concerned-than-he-should-be husband, when all clues point in his direction.Amy and Nick should be celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary when Amy goes missing. We know that things aren't quite right between the couple. The first part of the novel is narrated by Nick and he's obviously unhappy in the marriage though much is left unsaid. Unabashedly honest with we readers, he admits that he's lying consistently to the police but (at first) doesn't explain why.Nick is supported by Amy's parents who steadfastly (initially at least) believe that Nick would never hurt their daughter. His own twin sister is more suspicious of Nick's behaviour but their bond seems practically unbreakable.Amy, however, has a voice in this part of the novel as we're privy to chapters of a diary she's written over several years; and she tells the story of a couple - once madly in love but struggling after losing their jobs and undergoing big lifestyle changes. In the diary Amy documents Nick's increasingly aggressive behaviour and confesses to being afraid of her own husband.To the media and world at large Nick's guilt is obvious; however... we readers know to expect some twists and turns before the final pages.The negative reviews I've read talk about the central couple (Nick and Amy) as being unlikeable and therefore they've cared little about their fate. I actually quite liked Nick. He's far from perfect - very 'weak-willed' in some ways and just plain stupid about certain things - but I found his character very believable.The first part of the novel was very slow. Almost plodding. Perhaps it's because we know there'll be a plot twist coming, but (as I had other commitments) I had no problem putting the book aside and taking 3-4 nights to finish it. I'd kinda seen the first plot twist coming and I (initially) found that to be the most enjoyable part of the novel. What came next, however... was just too ridiculous for me to accept and I again grew frustrated. And... as for the ending. YUCK!I can see why the book appeals to many. Indeed it's got all of the key ingredients and (as mentioned above) I read A LOT of thrillers which are similar (disappearance of husband / wife / child / sister leaving behind obvious suspects plus a few unexpected turns of event) so it's a popular theme. For me however, Gone Girl really offered nothing new or different to afford its cult-like status.PS. I bought GG as part of a three-book purchase and despite my #meh-ness, I'm looking forward to reading Gillian Flynn's previous two novels.
This book is disturbing, well written, and grotesque on many levels.  The first mystery thriller I was not able to predict the ending to in a long time.  I think the “Who’s Afraid if Virginia Woolf” reference was the best example of where the book was headed.  Like the play, this book imposed a similar disorienting disgust and wonder on me.  Reading the end of the book I immediately thought of the end of the play.  For some reason the equivalences made the unresolved conflict palatable for me.  I’m not sure I would have been happy with the ending otherwise.What I liked:1)  The parallels drawn to the real life Scott Peterson case.  It was the perfect case to reference since it captured the nations attention so completely and for such a long period of time.  I also smiled at all of the crime television references made.2)  The writing is good.  The prose fit well into the heads of a book staring two self absorbed snarky writers.  My favorite internal dialogue was Nick’s when he explained where his life was before Amy.  How he was bored or blanketed in malaise because “the second hand experience is always better”.  It was like reading a prettied up personality outline of a generation X attitude.3)  I like how Flynn keeps the reader guessing by adding details you may or may not need to know.  I thought the Nick’s father was a brilliant embellishment.What I didn’t like:1)  The characters.  I was fascinated really, to read a book where so many of the characters were offensive and not endearing.  Character attachment had nothing to do with why I finished the book.  I kept cautioning myself to not infer the author shared the character opinions, but it was difficult with so many characters espousing similar haughty views.  The character Rand sums up every narrative description or observation made of the Midwest when he say’s:  “I have to tell you, it’s really quite ugly here.”2) Inconsistent Characterization. I was disappointed when Amy lost her smart sociopath edge.  I liked hating her and seeing her as a calculating, OCD, list making nut case.  What happened at the roadside inn, and her reaction was not smart.  If she is so cunning and forward thinking that never should have happened.  Did it make her more human, sure.  Do I really believe she cooked up what eventually happened with Desi while she was curled up in the fetal position at a rest stop for forty-five minutes?  No way.3)  The plot.  Since when do sociopaths include their own demise as part of their revenge plan?  She’s a narcissist not depressed.  You could see where Flynn may have said, “I don’t know what to do now” when Amy’s at the roadside motel.  Why wasn’t milk-spitting Amy executing some clever plan against these two “redneck” offenders?  Once Amy meets up with Desi, her character really falls apart.  She let’s Desi pen her up for how many days?  Seems like her ultimate solution for him could have been carried out within the same week she’s brought to his lake lodge.  It was a little too convenient for Desi to be who he was originally rumored to be.  At the end I don’t believe the police or FBI would just shrug their shoulders and go home.  Not really how a situation like this would play out in real life, but this is a fiction book.  If the ending mirrored real life then there would be too much light in what is meant to be a dark book.
I may be one of the last people to have come to read GONE GIRL which apparently is a bestseller and very popular. I can’t say that I was won over but then I did not dislike the book either. It’s really a gimmick dressed up with plot twists told through dueling first person narration. It’s fun and rather predictably twisted with an ending that is telegraphed very early on. It is not very realistic as the contrived plot revolves around to many perceived preplanned contrivances. Nothing happens that is unplanned or the plot would fall on its head. What does set the book apart is that the books main characters are very unlikable sociopaths. In the end you kind of wish they had killed each other off. (Now it is going to be a movie and if placed in the hands of a good screenwriter and director this might make a very good film noir. It will be interesting to see how it plays out.)  Three things I really liked about the book where (1) the economic setting of the book where the great recession and technology have led to the stress of layoffs, (2) the way the public and media shape the narrative of a news story and the perception of quilt or innocence with no evidence and only hyperbolic guessing…it really rips the likes of a Nancy Grace, (3) and how as a country we have invented an industry of celebrity lawyers (also a theme in John Gresham’s latest and better novel SYCAMORE ROW).  What I did not like was the first half of the book as the narration by the wife who has gone missing is told via her diary. I found these sections almost unreadable and very unconvincing as a counter point to the Husband’s story. The diary entries all disappear midway through the book which makes the last half a much more interesting and entertaining read. The funny thing about the book is that it is marketed as a thriller, a page turner that keeps you on the edge of your seat. I just did not find that to be true. Not that it’s slow and uninteresting but I found it a very easy book to put down and come back too. I never really found no compelling reason to pick it up and find out what happened next until the last 50 pages.  Yet if you’re on vacation, flying someplace, are in need of a beach read, and enjoy a jolt in your plots no matter how implausible and want to spend time in the heads of two sociopaths with a bad marriage this might be just the book you’re looking to read. Or like me, you’re interested because everyone else seems so taken by it that you want to find out why.
Nick and Amy Dunne seemingly have a great marriage. Two young people in love with another - what else is there? But then on their fifth anniversary, Amy goes missing, and, as the investigation into their lives begins, it turns out their marriage was a long way from perfect, and Nick is suspected of foul play. But what really happened - is Amy dead and Nick a killer… or is something else happening here?Are you curious about reading Gone Girl? Don’t read any further. In fact, don’t read any reviews of Gone Girl if you’re planning on reading it - read the synopsis and then back off, because the less you know about this book going in, the more you will get out of it. Preferably go in completely cold and let Gillian Flynn’s tricks and surprises work to their full effect on you because they are effective if you don’t know they’re coming.So unless you’ve already read this or have no interest in reading it, or maybe you’re part of that rare breed of reader who doesn’t mind spoilers (bless you), carry on.Ok, spoilers ahead everyone, because I can’t talk about this book without giving away big reveals.Let’s address the biggest issue with this book: the characters. Because while it’s a heavily plot-driven story, the characters are the plot in a weird way, so talking about Gone Girl is a bit of an anomaly. Normally I’d say that it doesn’t matter whether a character is likeable or unlikeable but only realism matters - did the characters seem real to you? – which determines the quality of the writing, but because of the first person narrative and alternating voices of Nick and Amy, we get the plot from the characters so the two are intricately tied together like symbiotes. If the characters behaved realistically - which they don’t - Gone Girl’s plot wouldn’t work. Hell, the book wouldn’t even exist! But they remain poorly written, contrived husks to carry the story rather than actual characters.While there are no dragons or orcs, this book is pure fantasy. We’re supposed to believe that a woman like Amy exists or could exist? Someone whose entire life was a performance and that she fooled literally everyone - her husband, her doting parents for gods’ sake! - besides a couple of people she revealed her true nature to? No, I’m not buying it. Nobody could live like she did, wearing masks and toying with people forever, without someone figuring out she was a sociopath and/or faking it; the two people who do only find it out because Amy tells them. It’s so stupid!And even though she’s set up as this criminal mastermind genius who literally gets away with murder, we’re supposed to believe she fooled everyone? Not just small town cops but federal agents and detectives? And that the ridiculously elaborate treasure hunt that implicated her husband as her “killer” with evidence that was so damning, could be waived away so easily and everyone just walk away believing her bizarre explanations? If the evidence itself could have potentially sent Nick to prison - even without Amy’s dead body - then there’s no way she could just wave her hands and make everyone believe otherwise. How is everyone taken in by this woman - is everyone blind and stupid?Nick is no better even though he’s innocent of murder. He’s deliberately coy with the reader, which is fine, but why is he this way with the police who believe he murdered his wife before dumping her body in the Mississippi river? Because he didn’t want them to know he’d been having an affair with a younger woman! Yeah, that’s much worse than MURDERING YOUR WIFE, YOU TOTAL IDIOT! But it needs to be this way to sustain the rather mundane first half of the book - if Nick came right out with his secret, there’d be no suspense driving the book to the big halfway reveal. This is why it’s problematic to make the characters the plot. Contrived much?And why would he hire Tanner Bolt, the Johnny Cochrane-esque lawyer in this world? He was innocent, he knew he was innocent, there was no body, and he had an alibi. Plus, seeing how easily Amy managed to convince police differently about the evidence, it probably wouldn’t have held up at trial. Hiring Bolt just made him look super guilty AND Bolt did nothing. Think about what happened from when he was hired to the end of the book - did he do anything? He talked for Nick to the police, telling them that he (Nick) believed his psycho wife was framing him (which she was), but any lawyer could’ve read lines. He’s “Tanner Bolt - the guy who swoops in and saves the guilty” and he did nothing at all for Nick. Bolt is a pointless character for a supremely dumb - but written so very deliberately by Flynn – “character”.But let’s give Flynn some credit - it is a compelling story and I did read all 463 pages of it. It keeps you guessing and, while you can feel that the first part of the book is building towards a big reveal, you don’t know what that is until you read the first page of part two. I never anticipated that and I don’t think I’ve ever read a book with that twist, so it’s original in that regard, and the many twists and turns the story took were unexpected and did keep me reading.However it’s definitely overlong by at least a third partly because, despite the reveal at the beginning of the second part, precious little happens in the second part and a lot of that stuff in the Ozarks could’ve been cut. Nick does next to nothing either besides hire Tanner Bolt who turned out to be a waste of time anyway.And I did like the ending, which seems to be something a lot of people are mentioning as bad and/or unsatisfactory. No - it was different and it was more memorable and effective than a predictable “bad guy loses/is punished” ending. Flynn challenged the reader with her ending to make them think about what it meant and did the unexpected - good stuff.That said, I’ve still got to get back to the “I can’t believe she got away with it!!!” angle. I just never bought the whole “Nick wanted to be a dad really bad” angle and the whole book becomes dependent on it. Gah… And think about how insane the whole setup was for someone as crazy as Amy to have gotten away with it: she wanted to punish Nick for cheating on her, so bad, that she was willing to have the state execute him and then kill herself! That’s taking the “woman scorned” saying to the Nth degree!And the motivation just baffles me. She wanted to make Nick so docile so they could continue a loveless and farcical marriage – and then introduce the responsibility of another life to look after? Whaaat?! This is another reason why I don’t buy Amy as a real character – who the hell would want that? I know Amy comes across as a sociopath (and she probably is) but I don’t want to write it all off as mental illness, that’d be too easy. I mean, she’s proven that she’ll go the distance for the most petty of things so maybe having a kid and using that kid as a weapon against Nick FOR HAVING AN AFFAIR is like her “character”, but is that something a sociopath would do? Are they that determined? Or maybe it is that easy – she is just a sociopath? I’m not psychologist so I can’t say whether this is symptomatic of sociopathic behaviour but it seems like a really long way to go.So it’s not a perfect novel. Flynn’s writing isn’t particularly incredible but it’s also not shoddy - it does what it needs to, much like the novel itself, which is a bumpy ride but I did for the most part enjoy the journey, though as you can see I had some reservations after finishing it that I had to vent! I wish it was shorter but I’m glad I read it. Flynn tells an original, though often unbelievable, story that didn’t grip me the whole way but gave me enough to keep me going until the final page.Because of the many problems with the book, I don’t want to give it four stars but it’s not a three star read either - 3.5 stars. But be prepared to suspend your disbelief far more than you’d have to compared to reading, say, George R R Martin - and his books are pure fantasy!
I wasn't sure I'd be into this book at first. My mom didn't care for it, and my tastes run alongside hers.At first it felt like hipster reading. The language was so clever you could feel it was in love with itself. But the story is mundane. Just a boy and a girl having marital problems.So why couldn't I stop reading it?I'm not sure where it got me. It must have been some time in Amy's diary entries where she's talking about dating in Manhattan, where she's dating Nick and talking about ""monkey husbands"".  It sounded like a girl I could like, and a boy I could sympathize with.But all the women love having uber amounts of sex and speak vulgarly.  I know my experiences are limited, but I just don't know any women like that. I don't know any women who know women like that. Are they out there? Is there anyone like in this book? Everyone's acting like they do in Sex and the City but it's played for farce in there.Here's the other thing. I read that the author tried to make it ambiguous to the reader whether the man was actually the killer or not in the first half, as in all the other ""Lifetime movie/Sleeping with the Enemy"" scenarios. I never got that part, so I never figured Nick was the killer/kidnapper. I read part one completely straight -- a man trying to keep his name clear when the world's out to get him.At a certain point it started reminding me of those shows like ""Revenge"" and ""Damages"" and ""Pretty Little Liars"" that are all intrigue and scandal but never reach a resolution. They're soap operas. This one has a resolution, but it also has the amazing coincidences of the characters needing to be who they are (good thing her stalker, who always denied being a stalker, was really her stalker, and happened to be rich and have an isolated place on the lake) and do what they do when needed.Not to mention what does she hope to gain from all this rigmarole when it gets to the end? I know she's a sociopath, so she might not be thinking straight. But she seems to have a plan for everything else.  She ends up exactly where she started which was where she planned to be so.... yay? Gone Girl? Yeah, more like gone in the head.
Gone Girl. There was a lot of hype surrounding this book and I’m out on my impression of it. I think when a book is as anticipated, as prefaced with accolades as this one was, it’s hard for it to live up to the high expectations.Was it a good book? Well written, yes. And definitely unique. The story had more twists than a corkscrew rollercoaster. But I walk away thinking that both of the main characters were a-holes. There’s not a better word for them. Self-absorbed to a tragic flaw, these are two spoiled, grown folks playing a deadly game of marital chess wherein nobody wins.It’s hard to rave about a book that leaves you shaking your head. It’s even harder to review a book like this one without spoilers. Pacing was slow. Very slow. I’m a person who is either compelled to finish a book in a few sittings, or who will let a book sit forever between reading it. This one didn’t call me back. A few of my friends said to stick with it so I did. I’m glad I did because I would have had a much lower opinion had I put it back on the shelf at a third the way through like I wanted to. It took me getting to the halfway mark to even see the potential brilliance.As a fan of true crime stories, I loved the idea. There are a few nit crits—the character’s names being one—that cumulatively wore on me. Nick’s sister, Margo, is called “Go” throughout, and I caught myself mentally saying, “Go where?” almost every time she was mentioned. It pulled me out of the moment and annoyed me to the point that I almost liked the character less (and she was one of my favorites). Officer Boney was another. “Boney Maroni” came up more than once and I rolled my eyes every time. Silly, I know, but it impacted my reading experience.Amy plain rubbed me wrong, and in the end I see that she was probably meant to. If I had to sum her up in one word it would be “annoying” and it’s hard to enjoy a book half written from the point of view of someone you have that opinion of. Nick fared only slightly better. I almost didn’t feel bad how things turned out because there was a sense that the ending was deserved by both of them.Whether it was intended or not, I’m a black and white person who walked away in an unexpected gray area. Maybe that was the author’s point. I wish I could give half stars.  The mark of a 4-star book for me is whether or not I’d seek out more by the author. In this case, no, I won’t. Three stars don’t seem quite enough. I’ve read less well written books that I enjoyed more. I’m not sure what that says other than my frustration with the cast got to me. Three and a half stars. Maybe I’m being generous.
Okay...*big breath*...Here we go...I read this book about a year ago. Everywhere I turned, everywhere I looked, it was ""Gone Girl this"" and ""Gone Girl that"". There was so much hype swirling around this crime novel. I couldn't avoid it. I had to know what all the fuss was about. I had to know why I couldn't find a copy anywhere. I had to know what all of these ""crazy plot twists"" were. I had to know.So, even though I'm not a huge fan of mysteries, especially in the adult fiction region, I skipped off to the library and reserved myself a copy. And, after waiting about a billion years for it (clearly I wasn't the only curious bee out there), I got my hands on it. And...Meh.Call it a bad case of shattered expectations, but Gone Girl wasn't what I'd hoped for. Yes, the writing was commendable, the plot interesting enough, and the characters engaging (even if I didn't like them, per se). But, overall, I was disappointed. I just didn't get it. What was the big deal? Why all the hype? How was it so different from all the other crimes and mysteries out there? What made Gone Girl so special? And where were all of these ""crazy twists"" people were going on and on about? Because I'm still looking. Whenever something remotely ""Oh!"" happened, I'd think, ""And...?"". I kept holding my breath, eagerly waiting for something unexpected to follow the expected...But nothing ever did.As for the ending...Okay, I know this is a highly debatable issue. Half the people who read Gone Girl loved the ending, while the other half hated it. Unfortunately, I'm on the latter side of the ""OMG!"" and ""O.M.G.?"" battlefield. I sat on the edge of my seat, turning those last few pages, waiting, hoping, certain something Whoa! was about to happen...But, again, nothing did. I closed the book and stared at it, debating if I was irritated enough to launch it across the room and out the window.Don't worry, I didn't.Anyways, as you can see, Gone Girl just wasn't my cup of tea. Even so, I'll admit it had its moments, and, despite my complaints, it was entertaining. I often wonder if I hadn't had such high expectations for it, would I have liked it more? I guess I'll never know. But I do know I'll probably go see the film adaptation later this year. Mostly because I'm a huge Ben Affleck fan, but also out of curiosity. Maybe what the book failed to provide the movie will?Yeah? Yeah? Well, hopefully.
This is the sort of book that may eventually cure my long time addiction to murder mysteries.  What I liked about it was the vicious anger and bitterness with which Flynn exploded every current myth about happy marriages and heterosexual relationships.  Like the best work of my favorite mystery writer, Ruth Rendell, it was what I call ""curdled romance"" in which all the sappy cliches about love are torn to pieces by the end. I particularly enjoyed the dramatization of what I've been trying to tell other women for years: pretending to be the sort of woman that women are told men want does not work to make you happy.  However, what I didn't like was that there was no mystery to the book for anyone familiar with the genre.  SPOILERS AHEAD! Almost as soon as Nick realized Amy was gone, it was obvious that she'd faked her death/abduction, a plot we've seen many times in noir films as well as read in mysteries. As soon as we got the clues about her behavior during the courtship and after the move it was obvious that she was psychopathic.  As soon as we began getting her ""diary entries,"" the voice was off and we could see it was all fake.  I knew Nick was having an affair as soon as I finished his first narration.  I knew Amy wouldn't kill herself, that her new friends would betray her, that she'd end up killing her new protector who would be revealed as a psycho, and so on. Even the semen from the fertility clinic was obviously going to make a reappearance. Everything was just a retread of plot devices seen many times before. The red herrings were never explained -- I kept hoping that in some wild twist it would turn out that she looked just like her old boyfriend's weird mother because  Amy was adopted, and that Nick's father kept insisting that she didn't belong in the house because he had her confused with that woman, who had been his mistress and so Nick and Amy were half-siblings.  That would have explained their shared, scary lack of appropriate affect.  But instead we get the ending that seems to semaphore the book's only real message: men and woman are completely incompatible and marriages are always just hollow structures built around the need to have children (who will consequently be screwed-up mental cases).  I'm just not THAT cynical, I guess.  But the real problem was that I want suspense in a mystery, otherwise why read a genre fiction?
I reserved this from the library after seeing it on a WTF list. (I also added Chuck Palahniuk's RANT, which I got bored with and quit, and Herman Koch's THE DINNER, which I thoroughly enjoyed.)Most of my Goodreads friends gave five stars. I don't trust other people to enjoy what I enjoy, so I was sceptical. If this wasn't an OMG-amazing novel, I would judge my friends for it, not the author.And thus GONE GIRL is a victim of its own hype. It's been so buzzed to the extent that it was never going to live up to the expectation of greatness.Gillian Flynn has a witty way with words, and certainly doesn't hold back on creating grotesque characters. Her social commentary is clever: everything from ""Cool Girl"" to public perception. And how at the start of a relationship each party pretends to be what the other wants, and the charade disappears the longer they remain. But alongside the awful people doing awful things is Margo, who's a beacon of awesome in all her scenes. She's definitely more likeable than the leading couple, who prove that terrible people belong together.Some say Nick and Amy are just as bad as each other. You know those stalker ""romances"" in which the possessiveness and obsession creeps you out? The Dunnes are like that, but at least they're honest enough to admit that their bond is unhealthy, and Nick really does want to escape. Only he can't because of blackmail and whatever else his conniving wife could do to him next. His complicity annoys, but Amy's doubtlessly the more evil. The ending was bound to irk unless one or both of them died. 'Til death do us part, indeed.In short, had it not been super-hyped, I probably would've given four stars, but it loses a mark for disappointment. It's far from a bad book, and is sure to spark lively discussion. Don't know how the film will fare, if viewers go in already knowing the twist, though.
I did not read any reviews of the novel until I had read about 20 percent of it.  Then I read some while my Kindle was charging.  Many of the other reviewers, all rating the book between one and five stars make valid points.  I rate the novel a 3 .5.  It is extremely well written.  Some people said it's over-written but the protagonists are both writers so that's to be expected.  I really enjoyed the  prose.  A number of people had issues with the two points of view, alternating chapters.  I thought it was a perfect vehicle in which to tell the story since the story revolved around the twisted lives of these two individuals.  People had trouble with the fact none of the characters (perhaps with the exception of Boney) were all that likeable (I know some liked  Nick sister, Go but I wasn't crazy about her).  That is usually an issue for me as well but in noir novel like this, I didn't need someone likeable.  The characters pretty much got what was coming to them.  I wonder if what bothered so many readers is that so many people do act a tiny bit like the characters in the novel.  Lots of young women try to be the ""cool girl"".  Certainly not tot the extreme that Amy did but it's common.  We all put our best foot forward in a relationship; most of us just aren't sociopaths as well.  Many men I have known act like Nick, tell lies to make themsleves look better, to avoid conflict or hurting people's feelings.  And many people are indeed selfish.  The author took the worst qualities in people, ones that usually don't exist in every single one of us all the time, magnified them the Nth degree, gave them all to the protagonists and it made a lot of readers uncomfortable.  That said, I found most of the story fascinating but think that it dragged on too long. There is also a lot of vulgarity and graphic sexual content.  There were a number of glaring holes in the ""wrap up"" that I won't elaborate upon so there is no spoiler alert. It was extremely inconsistent though because everything was so flawlessly planned in the first 3/4 of the novel.  Some people hated the ending.  I didn't.  Someone else suggested that the last 25 pages or so should have been excluded, we should have been left guessing entirely or awaited a sequel.  That might have worked better. Th ending was too rushed but it was not horrible not completely anti-climatic.  Read it, check it out of the library as I did.  I will watch the movie and doubt the ending  will be similar.
Gee, so much hype about this book, how could I not read it? But now that I'm finished, I can't undrstand the hype...The story began well, with enough intrigue to make me wonder what the heck was wrong with this picture. And the language of the story (the writing itself) was very pleasing to follow.  But about half way through, after we discovered what was really happening with Amy, the plot became (in my opinion) implausible and a little silly.  The mystery started off seriously enough but then deviated into a soap opera tale of !megalomaniacal treachery! None of the potential plot lines from first part of the story were developed into anything diabolical ( e.g. the purchase of the gun, Nick's father's strange behavior at the housewarming, Amy's cryptic friendship with Noelle)--most of the mystery was dropped altogether--and then all of a sudden I was forced to accept an unbelievable (& I mean really not believable) turn of events unfitting of the characters thus far developed.  It was not like ""Wow! I didn't see THAT coming!!"" , it was more like ""No way! It wouldn't (or shouldn't) happen like that!!""Another issue for me, that I realized about 3/4 of the way through, was that the main characters, Nick and Amy, were falsely developed. The first part of the story portrayed them, in depth, to be certain personalities, but then those were discarded in exchange for the more wicked traits of the revealed characters. I understand that this was supposed to be the big twist, but the second-part Nick and Amy were never really fleshed out to make them believable.  I felt as if I never had a grasp on Nick's character at all--was he a handsome streetwise literary? A small-minded, small-town dullard? A scheming, twisted match for his sociopathic wife? How was Amy ever beautiful and gracious, if she was only ever calculative and malevolent? And at what point did they become poison for each other? I was never made to understand how their relationship became a ""sick, toxic Möbius strip"":  that would suggest long-standing dysfunction, but that part of their story was not written here.  I felt that, in order to appreciate the grand turn-of-events, I had to blindly accept that Amy, and to an extent, Nick, were, and had always been, evil.I have many other small issues with the plot, and was perplexed by the resignation of the ending, but suffice it to say that a story with great potential for intrigue and complexity veered off to become a typical bland, superficial, best-seller-list mystery (in my opinion).
Sounds thrilling, right? I thought so. Plus, with Flynn's track record, I figured Gone Girl was bound to top my list of best reads in 2013. Unfortunately, that isn't exactly what happened....Let's start with the good.... Ultimately, I did like the book. I may not have been totally blown away, but it was intense and interesting. I enjoy Flynn's writing... it is gritty and real. She is a strong writer and I think she does a good job developing character. Particularly in Amy- she did quite the job creating character for her. Those of you that have read it, you know what I'm saying here. Nick didn't have nearly as much depth as Amy, but I think Flynn still did a good job with him. Flynn did a fabulous job portraying both of them and altering them throughout the story which in turn allowed the reader to have many mixed feelings and pass judgement.So here is what troubled me... Gone Girl was really hard to get into. I was not very interested and it did not hold my attention. Quite frankly, I was bored. The diary entries by Amy were dull and annoyed me (especially in the beginning). It was a good 100 pages before I was hooked, which in my opinion is MUCH too long. The other thing that bugged me was the flow- it was occasionally quite choppy, the way it swapped between narrators. Oh, and the ending. I HATED the ending... as in, chuck the book down and curse.Overall, I ended up liking the book as a whole... it just took some time to get there. It was interesting and had a very Flynn twist to it. Even though I was super pissed off (no, really- I was angry about it) at the ending, I enjoyed the story as a whole.Gone Girl is not a book I would recommend rushing out and buying... if you are interested, borrow from the library or a friend. You may like this book if you don't mind a slower paced beginning and plot framing. Those who enjoy a good mystery and a lot of twists would also likely enjoy this. Once you get into the meat of the novel, it does deliver.
There is no doubt that, although quite preposterous in its premise, Gone Girl is rather well written.  At least up until about three quarters of the way through, at which point it started to fizzle (for me).  And the reason for this is that there are too many personas, each one contradicting (and in conflict with) the other in a way that is so hard for the reader to unravel.  It was incredibly hard to focus and keep it all sorted out.  It seemed to be jumping back and forth all over the place.  And in the end, it resembled a kind of algebraic equation in which everything cancelled everything else out.What also contributed to this feeling was that there are a lot of very not only shocking, but flagrantly crude and obscene, places in the book as well.  Such as Nick's description of Desi's mother Jacqueline as having a ""lewd vaginal odor"" coming off of her.  Which was meant to be funny I know.  Except that (for me) it really wasn't.  And other places where it talked about how Andie gave ""blow jobs"" to Nick on command, etc. At that point Amy was TOTALLY sinking to Nick's level and everything bottom lined.  Another shock was when the so called ""real"" Amy (writing as Diary Amy) spits in various containers in Greta's refrigerator.  (Greta being the all too obviously abused girl ""Amazing Amy"" has met at the sprawled out Midwest Hide-a-Way Cabins Village where she is tucked away to avoid the limelight). What was all that spitting about anyway?  I really didn't get it (or care).But the part that really got to me was how Amy used pregnant Shawna Hawthorne(already a proud mother of triplets) to fake her own pregnancy to the media.  (And get even with Nick).  By inviting Shawna to her apartment and getting her to take a pee in the toilet.  (Then collecting this illicitly obtained urine specimen from an already pregnant woman to use later on for a urine sample).  Give me a break.  The author's description of all this weird behavior started out funny, and it WAS sometimes funny to a degree, but overall Gone Girl TOTALLY BOMBED for me.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is another of those books that are easier to admire than love. It's hard to review without littering spoilers all over the yard, so I'll have to speak in generalities.Technically, it's a home run. It features dead-solid character building and voices that are perfect for not only the outides but also the insides of the characters, even some of the minor ones. Then when the twist comes - and it's a sailor's knot of a twist - Flynn manages the quadruple-jump-10-for-technical-difficulty feat of completely reversing the characters she's built so painstakingly in the first half. So, as a master class in character development, it's hard to beat.And yet...this book has the highest percentage of truly repellent characters of any I've read lately. The personas Flynn builds in the first half are not merely annoying New York types (be it resolved: New York writers are hereby prohibited from writing about New York writers) but also totally geared to lead us down the path into a Lifetime TV movie. Then there's that twist, and the freak show goes completely out of control. Flynn has no hangups whatever about making her characters highly hateable. As a writer, I could appreciate the sheer bravado of what she was doing; as a reader, it felt like those times when I've watched a History Channel doc on the WWII Nazi-Soviet front and found myself wishing there was some way for both sides to completely annihilate each other so neither would win. Perhaps this was the intended reaction. Just to round things out, this book has the bleakest ending of any I've read in a long time, including the ones in which everyone dies.Is Gone Girl worth reading? Again, as a technical exercise, it can't be beat. If you like wallowing in psychosis and dysfunction, this is for you. You'll never lose sight of the fact that the author is messing with you on every page. If this sounds like your kind of read, then run - do not walk - to get a copy. If, however, you want to like or identify with any of the characters in the book you're reading, or perhaps simply not wish all the characters would die, then move on; you won't find that here.
The book is compelling through Acts I and II, but then tanks in Act III.  It's difficult to find anything redeeming about either of the two protagonists in the novel.  Amy Elliott Dunne is a self-absorbed, passive-aggressive, bratty rich girl until she outs herself as an active-aggressive bratty rich girl with serious sociopathological traits.  Nick Dunne is the stereotypical feminist caricature of a man:  struggling to stifle is inner rage inherited and learned from an abusive father while simultaneously an immature, naive little boy who has been pampered the women in his life.  Gag.  Undoubtedly this is intended by Flynn as the setup for the plot twist, but it makes for less pleasant reading.  And frankly, the major plot twist is, well, about as subtle in its approach as a Stuka dive bomber.But where the book really falls flat is in Act 3, which is inelegant, and frankly so implausible that suspension of disbelief cannot be maintained.  Unfortunately, I cannot go into more detail without spoiling the ending.  But I have to say that it left me thinking ""Why the hell did I just waste my time reading this?""According to Amazon review Ms. Flynn states ""In those first two novels, I explored the geography of loneliness--and the devastation it can lead to. With Gone Girl, I wanted to go the opposite direction: what happens when two people intertwine their lives completely.I wanted to explore the geography of intimacy--and the devastation it can lead to. Marriage gone toxic.""Puhlease.  The Dunne marriage doesn't ""go"" toxic.  It's not the intimacy that Flynn explores, the Dunnes are decidedly not intimate, and indeed its that lack of intimacy that is the vehicle Flynn uses to advance the plot.No doubt,  Flynn thinks she's also offering some pointed social commentary:  blowhard cable TV commentators like Nancy Grace are bad, celebrity lawyers who defend the guilty are sleazy and self-serving, East Cost urban elitists think little and less of those living in ""flyover country,"" etc.  The media is parasitic.  Yawn.I know that these comments have been almost entirely negative.  The book isn't a bad book.  It's a reasonably entertaining read for most of it.  I just don't think the book is worth the praise that it has received (I was pointed to it by a Top 10 of the year list in WSJ).  If I had to sum up this book in one not-so-pithy line it would be this:It's War of the Roses without the charm or the humor.
Spoilers within. Ye be warned.My book club chose this book, and I was excited because the reviews made it sound so amazing. Everyone raved about how the surprises were so surprising and the twists were so... twisty. I'll admit, I really enjoyed the first act, where we were only getting Amy through her journal. I loved Nick's flashbacks especially, deliciously implying that he was as guilty as sin.When we hit Act Two and got the real Amy, all I could think was, ""Of COURSE she did. Of COURSE she is."" But I still strapped myself in and went along for the ride. At the point where we were getting more Amy than Nick, I was ready to give up - particularly once Amy found her ""hideout"" and started planning a way to get back to Nick. I kept on.And finally we get to the third act, where we plod painfully to a resolution.Nothing happens. I mean it. Nothing. Nick, Go, and Boney sit around waiting for things to happen, and then Amy is up to the same old Amy antics, as usual. While that very end bit surprised me, again, all I could say was, ""Of COURSE. Why didn't we see this coming?"" (Especially Nick. I mean, I thought you were a smart guy, Nick. You should have known this was going to happen.) The ending was terrible, unsatisfying, and made everyone look weak and spineless and pathetic. I'm sure that was the point, but why spend hundreds of pages building characters just to hang them all out to dry? I'm not going to pretend to know a lot about writing, but I felt like there were just no characters to care about here. Nick was maybe the most sympathetic, but he was also the most pathetic (heh, lame word play. Sorry). I felt like the author just gave up, or decided this was the only way to get out without killing someone off. I would have rather seen a main character die (either one, take your pick) than to see them remain together. Ugh. Cop. Out.All that to say the book was just ""Meh"" with an unsatisfying ending and unlikeable characters. I think I'll be passing on the rest.
Let me start by saying, don't let my 3 stars completely defer you from this book.  I in fact enjoyed reading it!  Let me also say I am not some literary snob or anything like that.  I'm educated but I read for fun, not to pick apart these books.  I'll give you a review from just your average person who enjoys reading, so here we go.Alright at the beginning of the book, chances are you will LOVE Nick and Amy.  They seem to have it all- happiness, love, great jobs, money, friends, everything our imaginations could want.  They seem very much in love and in tune with each other.  So then after Nick loses his job, he becomes easier to detach from especially because as the reader, during Amy's part you feel compelled to sympathize with her that she is still trying to love him unconditionally while he goes through this time.  Then the game-changer when they have to move back because of Nick's sick mother.So, Amy disappears and you find out some things about Nick that will make you hate him but you empathize with him because the cops and the media all start pointing the finger at him.  This is realistic with what what happens in real life, though as the plot thickens, it becomes hard to EVER imagine this happening but it makes for fun reading.Which brings me to my final point- as the plot twists and turns this book does become incredibly exciting to read.  As a former psychology major I was FLOORED by Amy's twisted take on 'justice', as you will be.  So here I was nearing the end of this book, loving it, thought ""oh wow this is gonna end great I can't wait.. (spoilers would go here)"".. and then......nothing.  This whole book was so fun to read and the end was a massive let down.  I was so upset that the ending was VERY lackluster, and just didn't seem to fit.  I don't know if it was because there is supposed to be a sequel or what, but that''s why I gave it the 3 stars instead of five.  There was just no sense of justice, or conflict resolution at the end which just for me as a personal preference I like to read at the end of books.I would recommend this book as a fun, easy read.  I read it all in a few hours on my kindle.  However, you may find yourself like me, scratching your head at the end, yelling ""WHYYYY?!?!
This novel is composed of three very distinct sections. When reading other reviews, I saw that many people disliked section 1. Well, I truly enjoyed section 1.  The main narrator of this section, Nick, became less and less likable throughout the section, so as a protagonist, it certainly made it ridiculously hard to root for him, and even difficult to want to continue following his saga.  But I loved the setup, because it rang so true - how our parents color our relationships and views of the opposite sex, how hard it is to escape the traumas they've embedded in you, how small, seemingly insignificant, criticisms eat away at a once loving relationship, the paranoid assumptions and snap judgments people make at the person they once loved, and who they now only resent.  It speaks of how one gets to the point of utter loathing, no matter how unfair to your partner that loathing truly is. It was totally believable, and, to me, chilling.But then their is section 2, which , surprise!, validates those paranoid assumptions. Yes, women truly can be ridiculously contrived and crazy, the way that women-hating-men often paint us as a stereotype. They are not so off base after all - women are insane, vengeful, manipulative freaks, without remorse or humanity.  In this section, Amy is painted so contrived, so over the top, she becomes a cartoon, manipulative, villain. After Nick was so carefully drawn that he was both despicable and completely believable, it was hard to see his wife drawn simply as a cartoon psychopath, too manipulative, too alpha, to even be believed.I would have highly preferred if Nicks despicable nature, his assumptions about her nature, had been the impetus for her to become what he suspected, not that she simply was that all along.  It would have been much more satisfying and, in some ways, much more real.Section 3, well that was just a depressing let down. No closure, just purgatory. (And no, I don't think purgatory constitutes closure, not for Dezi, not for Hannah, not for Rhonda).I wish I had liked this book as much as the other reviewers, though I do think my opinion of it will grow with time.
I did not like this book. If I could I would give it 2.5 stars, the extra .5 for the last part of the book being somewhat funny. I always round up my reviews, because I am cool like that.Nick doesn't like women, or people with money and he's kind of a douche who cheats on his wife (once, granted for more than a year). Amy is a sociopath who accuses people of all sorts of things like stalking, rape, molestation and she doesn't seem to like men. Amy sets up Nick for murder to make him pay for cheating on her. (not really a spoiler, by page 24 of the hard back it was obvious this was a set up)The good:* Not much, honestly. Nothing stands out as being ""good"" I enjoyed Nick's entries, I related to him more than Amy. But even he got annoying.* ""Real"" Amy was funny at times, especially right before the end.The bad:* I am not a prude (one of my favorite books is American Psycho, so I can deal with ""bad guys"") but some of the ""offensive"" language was used to the point where it was boring. I am sure Amy talking about anal sex was supposed to sound edgy, but the way it was written made her sound uneducated. Same thing with Nick.* This book was boring at times and easy for me to get distracted. I forced myself to finish it.* There are some issues with Amy's Master Plan. The FBI can tell when I diary was produced and put on sale, also they can tell how old ink is and how long it's been since something was written.* I didn't like or care about most people in the book. I could have liked Nick more, but for some reason I felt him lacking.* I think I would have liked this better if it were from Nick's POV.* Twists should be done carefully. Not just to have a twist. Have we learned nothing from M. Night Shyamalan?What really breaks my heart about this book is that there was a lot of potential. It could have been a great book.I plan on trying to read this book a year from now, to see if my opinion has changed.I bought her two other books at the same time I ordered this one. I am
*** Spoilers ***I rarely write reviews on books, but this one sort of made me want to for several reasons. I'm in the group of people who liked about three fourths of this book and then thought it went horribly wrong. I say this not because I had to have a ""happy"" ending or because I needed Amy to be punished and Nick to be vendicated. People get away with things, that's for sure. Sometimes all the characters are crazy people. Good doesn't always win out and I can accept that.Here is what I can't accept. Amy is so brilliant that she has planned all of this out in such a meticulous manner that she has everyone fooled (except of course Nick, Go and Nick's lawyer). She spent a year getting ready. She has every detail down to a science, fakes names on Credit Cards, elaborately buys and stores TV's, golf clubs, all sorts of stuff without ever once being noticed. Yet, barely a week or two into hiding, two rubes steal all her money. Well, we can always say, ""Amy never knew how to deal with money! She never hung out with riff-raff!"" Yeah, she never hung out with detectives either, but she knows everything about them. She goes into some sketchy, run-down hovel and is so shocked that two down-and-out rednecks would betray her and steal from her! She kept her money in a bag around her chest? Are you kidding me? She pulled said bag out while paying for hot dogs and got spotted? Geeze Amy, you sure got slack and careless awfully quick. You, the person who took the time to put your husband's fingerprints on stolen goods got ripped off because you can't find a good place to hide ten thousand dollars! Uh, how about the trunk of your car? At least hide the majority somewhere you only go in the dead of night when you know you aren't being followed.Okay, I can get past that too, I guess. But just barely.Amy is crazy, that is for sure. But, she is also supposed to be so intelligent that she is almost robotic. Nick makes a couple of confessions, gives her that look and touches the cleft in his chin and wham! She has to go back! Eh, I guess we could forgive her for being ""in love"" with this guy (but, was she ever?). Now that he's said he's sorry, it's time for a new plan! Hmmm, problem is, she only has a day or two to figure it out. Because living in Desi's lake house was not part of the original, elaborate plan. Blaming everyhing on Desi was ALSO not part of the original plan. But hey, let's see how it works out!And so it goes. Amy figures out real quick how to fake rape, make it look like she's been tied up for weeks, etc. etc. etc. Gosh, I hope Amy got her fingerprints off all the places she left them in the lake house she was tied up in! Maybe we can forget about that too, although it's getting pretty ugly. And full of holes.Still, there is another thing that sticks bad with me. I mean really, really bad. For one thing, it never really says where the lake house is located. Or maybe I missed it? Yes, it is in Missouri somewhere, near enough for Desi to drive to. But, who says it is in the same jurisdiction this other crime took place in? Where is that connection? Everyone keeps expecting Boney to do something and charge Amy. Is this lake house supposed to be in the same area where Nick and Amy live? The same cops who investigated Amy's disappearance would be the ones called out to investigate Desi's murder/death? But again, here is the clincher. Nick was told by the detectives unequivocably, with no doubt - Desi was not a suspect in Amy's disappearnce! He is not a suspect, Nick. Nick, he is not a suspect. That means he had a rock solid alibi. They went and questioned him and said, ""Oh, thank you for your time sir, and by the way, where were you that morning? Playing tennis with your Mom at the club? Thank you."" Amy killed a guy not knowing whether he could even be implicated in her abduction? Little Ms. Planner of the Century? I'm supposed to believe that? I suppose she just asked him what he was doing the day of her disappearance and he said, ""Oh, I was driving around your neighborhood. Where else would I be?"" Nobody checked that out? How convenient! And that just doesn't work. That's why the ending blows.Great writing. Very cool idea. Blew the ending.
What must be acknowledged from the start is Gillian Flynn's gift for brilliant writing; her prose imbues a relatively formulaic plot with pizzaz. I can think of no other reason why I compulsively read ""Gone Girl"" through the last page. I didn't finish the book because I liked the characters--I loathed them. The plot could have been lifted from any ""true crime"" inspired re-creation for cable drama. And yet...I had a hard time putting the book down and Flynn deserves a lot of credit for that. I read ""Gone Girl"" after seeing it appear on so many year-end ""best of"" lists so maybe my expectations were inflated by all the acclaim because ultimately, I was disappointed. When none of the characters are redeemable or deserve redemption, I have a hard time caring beyond a cursory desire to find out how the train wreck is resolved.""Gone Girl's cast comes straight out of the psychiatric DSM from the narcissists, sociopaths and borderlines to the more innocuous self-destuctive types that are pathological liars, thieves, and cheats. As other reviewers have noted, the crass language can be over the top to the point of detracting from the story. There are only so many times you can read every sexual vulgarity imaginable before it becomes desensitizing and I, at least, started skimming parts. The shock value of the crassness starts to feel like a failure of imagination on the author's part.I realize I'm being harsh on the book but ultimately, I gave it 3 stars because Flynn's writing is remarkable. In the hands of a less skilled author, ""Gone Girl"" might have earned only a single star. I can't recommend this book except for diehard mystery fans or people who need a plane/beach/bus type book that you don't mind tossing in the bin when you get to your destination. The mystery is fine, but not great; the characters are individuals you're grateful don't exist in real life and the ending is depressing. Still, I'm writing this review because I felt compelled to read it through to the last stomach-wrenching page, a trait that makes ""Gone Girl"" worth considering.
If I could I would give this 2.5 stars, so it would be right in the middle.Ok so what did I like?-It was a really, really fun read. If you want something fairly mindless, an escape, that's easy to read and keeps you wanting to know what's going to happen then you will love this book.What I did not like:- I guessed almost all of the plot twists! =\ Many people said what they liked was how clever this book was and how unexpected the twists were but I guessed almost all of them. To me that was disappointing because I think it's only a twist if it's truly unexpected and because of that I did not feel the book was very clever.- The second half of the book. I thought the first half was fun, a mystery, kept you guessing (sort of because I actually already figured out what was going on), but then it just spiraled out into kinda stupid and repetitive and unrealistic after the supposedly big twist.-- I, like many others, found the ending extremely unsatisfying. It was also unbelievable to me. Without saying too much I will just say that Desi's family was waaaaay too rich and powerful to let it end that way. No way in hell if for no other reason would the story end this way in reality.- The constant f-bombs and sometimes lewd sex scenes. Just a personal preference. Maybe I'm old fashioned but it's just a turn off to me when I feel that this is done just to spice up the book and make up for lack of quality in writing. I grew up reading classic lit and I think I may have higher expectations than other readers. I feel like a great, well written story doesn't need that kind of stuff to the extent that the author included it. Although I will say in the case of certain characters (I'm trying to not have any spoilers in this) that realistically they probably would have thought all of the sometimes offensive stuff that was written for them.If I felt that this book was just wonderfully crafted then I would probably be like, ""Whatevs,"" about the myriad of f-bombs and all that but the fact is I didn't think it was that great soooo mostly it just felt like a cheap sales trick to me. Ok, if author was trying to make the characters believable then, yes there are a lot of people with mouths just like that, but there are also a lot of people who never swear, and there are also a lot of people in between those two extremes.So, overall I'm not sorry I read it but I do wish I had just borrowed it from my library rather than buying it for my Kindle.
Nick and Amy Dunne seem to have the perfect marriage. They are bright, very attractive, and talented writers. Amy is the daughter of well-known psychiatrists who have created a series of children's books called ""Amazing Amy"", based upon their own daughter. But on their fifth anniversary Amy disappears from their Missouri home she shares with Nick, leaving behind signs of a struggle.As the media turn up to report the story of the missing beautiful ""amazing"" blonde wife, Nick's problematic behavior comes under increasing scrutiny. He doesn't seem to be the grieving husband that everyone wants him to be. As public suspicions turn  towards Nick, a closer look reveals the unraveling seams of the seemingly ""perfect"" marriage.Both had lost their jobs in New York and had moved back to Nick's hometown in Missouri. Amy was unhappy with the move. Nick was having an affair with another woman. Was this motive enough to want to harm Amy? Has Nick murdered her? Or is there any other reason for her disappearance?This very popular novel is interesting in that alternate chapters are ""written"" by Nick and Amy. I found this a little confusing at first, since Nick's chapters are at first written in the present and Amy's chapters, are told in the past tense, by necessity, from sections of her diary.There are several major characters in the book: Nick, Amy, Nick's sister Go, Amy's parents, Nick's senile father, Nick's selfish mistress, and several other key characters. As the story goes along, however, it becomes increasingly clear that none of the main characters are very likable, except perhaps Nick's sister, Go, who is a not a fully fleshed out character. As a matter of fact, most of the characters are pretty loathsome, and one of them is a certifiable psychopath.Flynn does have an amazing imagination, and is able to tell a great story for the most part. However, the book is quite graphic, and anyone squeamish about strong language and sex scenes should not read this book.The ending, which I shall not give away here, has been controversial. Some readers have not found it satisfactory, partially because not everything is resolved in a tidy little way. It may be somewhat realistic, however, noting the strange, twisted relationships that these people have. I find myself ambivalent about the ambivalent ending!
Generally I shy away from fiction on the best seller list but I made an exception here after reading the jacket information. With Kindle I find that I often read something without any clue as to the content. I love certain authors, certain subject matter and almost anything which appears on the long or short lists by the folks who compile these for the Booker Prize. This little prejudice stems from the pure crap which often parades as literature these days. This is not to say that just because it is a best seller it isn't literature because in some cases the writing and story line are exceptional. And I have read the Hunger Trilogy, Twilight and the Millennium Trilogy. The latter I consider extremely well written, cleverly laid out and properly paced. I'm not sure how much of that was due to translation. What bothers me is the idea that since sex sells there must an abundance of it and the more graphic the better. Some of the best authors of all times were able to get across the same idea without ever mentioning a body part or actual conduct. But I digress. And this one has a bit more gratuitous bed play and language than I thought necessary. I almost expect the publisher sent it back for a rewrite to put some of that in.The author is a Missouri native but lives in Chicago. The first of her three novels, Sharp Objects, won much critical acclaim but was not as successful as this one.What made me consider this one was the similarity of the description to a disappearance and murder in the Chicago area which without finding the body put the husband on trial in the case of a previous wife who drowned in a bath tub. His latest wife has been gone without a clue for over a year. I would suspect the author might have considered this and wondered how that could happen. The action starts in New York City and then takes us to small town Missouri. The female lead, Amy Elliot (Angelina Jolie as she was in Mr. & Mrs. Smith) is a 30 something writer who was the subject matter of a series of very successful kiddy lit from the time of her youth. Her parents are college professors from the east coast who fictionalized their daughter's life and parlayed it into a fortune. The male lead, Nick Dunne (picture a younger Jeff Daniels) is a writer as well from the Midwest who is a laid back type who just happens to be a good writer and landed a dream job in the Big Apple. When their idyllic world begins to crumble they make a move back to the land of his childhood still peopled with his twin sister, who after all these years is still single, his mom dying of cancer, and his father slipping further and further into fiery Alzheimer's.The culture shock which they initially seek to overcome slips into the background when on their fifth anniversary The Amazing Amy disappears. The crime scene begins to suggest the perp was someone very close to her. When the police run out of clues and ideas it appears they begin to receive help from the other side of the grave. Public reaction is manipulated by both sides with a big assist from the ""Media"". I could predict some aspects but not the ending. It should be a felony to reveal the outcome of the disappearance of Gone Girl, the Amazing Amy. 2.75* GIBO
This book is only 2.5 stars for me.It sure took me a long time and much determination to finish this book. This book is good with the unexpected twist in the personalities of the characters but the story is just too slow at times and it is so hard to keep up with the content.I didn't like the ending much. It just didn't gave justice to the whole story. Both Nick & Amy are so unlikable.The first part of the book is all about Amy having gone missing and the entries she had wrote in her diary leading up the event that caused Nick to became the only suspect in her 'murder' case. It is really slow in this first part of the book as it made up almost 50% of the story. This caused many others to drop this book not knowing that there is a great twist in the beginning of Part 2.The second part of the book began with a BANG! Amy confessing that all those diary entries are fake. She had known about Nick's affair and wanted her revenge by either killing herself and frame Nick on it. But she was too much of a coward to do so. She actually used a year of careful planning to create the perfect 'murder' for her husband.The last part of this book is when she came home to Nick after murdering Desi, a guy who had been mad over her for years and was more than pleased to help her out during her escape. However when she got tricked over Nick's sweet words over the internet videos to lure her back and she realized that she couldn't control Desi any longer, she made the whole story of him kidnapping her and raping her and finally she killing him in defense.What I couldn't understand is that Amy is practically crazy and yet nobody is sending her to some mental institution. She murdered someone to make up a lie for herself to come back and no justice was done to her. Throughout her life she had been lying and acting like a psychopath and no one managed to pin her down? This is just so unbelievable.And Nick, knowing that she is crazy and all her sins, yet he could bring himself to forgive her? Just because she is carrying his baby not made out of love? (She used his semen externally!) Why would he want that crazy bitch as a mother of his child?I did enjoyed the twist in the book but I can't say I loved the story because both characters disgust me. I am not sure if I would want to recommend this book to my friends.
As a fan of this author's first two novels,  Sharp Objects and Dark Places, I was anxious to see for myself what all the hype surrounding her latest novel was all about.Gone Girl, released in June, 2012, and at times I felt like I was the only one who hadn't read this one.  You know how sometimes when there is so much hype, you can get that disappointed feeling when your done?  Yup, that is what happened to me... I felt let down.In this novel, 30-something Nick and Amy Dunne were once a fairly happy young couple living in Brooklyn, NY. Well, on second thought maybe they weren't so happy after all, but I digress. In the 90's both were writers until a downturn in the economy left them both unemployed.When Nick learns that his twin sister Margo has also lost her job and has moved back to their hometown in Missouri to care for their dying parents.  Nick tells his sister that he and Amy will be moving to Missouri as well, doing this without even checking with Amy.  Nick and Margo, borrow the last of Amy's trust fund money to buy a bar in town. Then on the eve of their 5th wedding anniversary Amy goes missing.  She she just leave? Was she kidnapped, or did  Nick have something to do with her disappearance?Told through alternating points of view past and present by Nick (of Amy) and through diary entries by Amy (about Nick) prior to her disappearance, it quickly becomes impossible to determine the truth from the lies. Who's the psychopath?  Both Amy and Nick were equally disturbed, in my opinion, and one thing was certain for me -- they deserved each other.  Honestly, I don't think I've read anything in a long time with (2) such detestable individuals.Although the author did a good job creating an engaging psychological thriller, and the twists and turns were unexpected, the ending aggravated me. In the end I was disappointed at myself for caving to the hype.
The author has presented a collection of personalities among which not one has a single redeeming feature.  Actually, I take that back --- the twins' mother seems a good sort, but she dies early on.  Although how she ended up married to the nasty man who fathered her children is a mystery.  It was well written and cleverly presented, leaving you guessing what's going on for the first half of the book, but after I finished it I wondered why I read it at all!The two main characters --- a married couple --- are completely unsympathetic.  The wife is clearly a sociopath and the husband is a cheating, lying SOB who gets off on his wife's insanity.  The whole thing fell apart for me when the wife gets robbed while hiding out in a mountain cabin resort.  Really?  This woman was way too smart to let that happen. Considering how she had planned every step of the charade of her abduction/murder down to the last minutiae there is no way that she did not have a viable back up plan. Everything about her interactions with the two people who stole her getaway funds was completely unbelievable based on what we came to know about this character.  She was too well educated and too manipulative to have let any of that happen.  And nobody who was that self-centered would be planning on committing suicide, especially not after the husband was already convicted of murdering her.  That simply did not ring true.Ultimately, this book was too dark and overly self-indulgent for my tastes.  The characters were too one dimensional and one would have to work hard to find somebody to like.  Made me wonder about the people who wrote the Sally, Dick and Jane books my generation was raised on --- putting Amazing Amy behind me!
The plot was great, but the writing a little helter skelter.  I think the ending was a huge disappointment.  Like one reviewer said, ""it was like the author stopped writing.""  Maybe that was the intent, in order to leave an opening for Gone Girl II.
Anyone who remembers the characters Phyllis Deittrickson and Walter Neff from the novel  Double Indemnity (1944) by James M. Cain will immediately recognize their present generational counterparts (sociopathic murdering wife and dumb husband) - as Amy Elliott Dunne and Nick Dunne who are always stage  center in this superbly crafted noir novel of domestic turbulence  - a current best seller which in the end violates not only the most elemental rule of justice (she gets away with premeditated murder ) but also one of the most fundamental rule’s of story telling: There is no catharsis at the end of the story - no release - no resolution - no purging of the readers’ emotion. Once one has finished the book  one may feel worse than when he started -  because, regardless of the state of mind when the book was opened it’s worse when the book is put down - guaranteed: The author has sentenced the characters to a lifetime  marriage of mutual and loveless suspicion and an innocent unborn child to an uncertain and abnormal life  without any really true parental love. If you read it, however, you will find much to admire - the story telling, the other characters involved - particularly Nick’s sister GO who stands by him to the end -  and Ms. Flinn’s  essay on the “Cool Girl” - a type she obviously admires. Lots of sharp edges. Beautiful in a hard way. Chic. Vain.  Selfish. Experienced socially and sexually. Confuses a good time with being in love. Having a family doesn’t loom in the future with the importance that a better job does. No concept of permanency in a relationship. But, depending on your generational standing , you may be offended by all the graphic sexual talk - and the Cool Girl does a lot of it!
If I were rating it during the first half of the book it would definitely rate 5 stars; a real page-turner. After the return of  ""Amazing Amy,"" the plausibility factor decreased significantly and I found the ending completely disappointing.
I really enjoyed the first part of the book. The rest seemed contrived and anti-climactic. Wanted to read the book before I saw the movie. I won't be rushing out to see the film and kinda wish I'd not spent my precious free time reading the book.
I really enjoyed this novel until a bit past the halfway point, at which it moved in a direction that bordered on the silly. I kept thinking, now it's a bit too much. The book also became predictable, with a predictable ending, and one that was not very interesting given the very interesting buildup in the first half of the novel. Gillian Flynn can write, and her characters are complex, intriguing, unpredictable and human. Nick and Amy seem to have a good marriage, but as Nick finds out over time, they did not. Amy, being the charming sociopath she is, has a photographic memory for all the slights and mistakes Nick has made when dealing with her, and believe me, they are not very few in her view of things. And since she is the jury and judge, she can mete out his punishment as well. I found myself thinking at one point, Ms. Flynn must have experienced a relationship like this in order to write the hate involved so well. Or perhaps not. I guess it's possible to fantasize about punishing a significant other in the way that Amy punishes Nick; but you'd really have to be off the wall to act on the fantasies. When I got to the point in the novel where I understood what Amy was really all about, I thought, just let them get a divorce, it would be easier. Please just get a divorce and spare us. But Ms. Flynn lets Amy answer that question for us, and the answer is no. Amy is not about divorce. Nick thinks along those lines, but Amy has a plan to get him to toe the line and keep him bound to her forever. I was hoping for a different ending, one that was easier to explain, one that was less bizarre. Strangely enough, despite the inexplicable and bizarre ending, it really was predictable and a letdown.
This book was so captivating and cleverly woven throughout that I just knew and expected there to be a very clever twist at the end where Amy would get caught up in her lies and pay for her crime.  Alas, it was not to be.  Totally disappointing!
Story pulls you in right from the start. Hard to put down. Diabolical ins and outs of a twisted relationship.  Enjoyed it until I got to the ending. Really disappointing.  Wish the author had been as clever with the ending as with the main plot.
The abrupt ending was a jarring disappointment. The excellent writing, the twisted suspense, the impeccably drawn characters all deserved better. I understand that the author rewrote the ending when she did the screenplay. I can understand why.
This book was a real page-turner. The storyline was absolutely brilliant and the author had taken time to insert subtle clues and references recounted later in the book.  The author also slipped in a major surprise twist in the middle, leading most readers to think, ""Wow. If this is what's happening mid-way, the ending is going to be one heck of a grand finale.""Nope.Now, I'm trying to write this review without including spoilers, but if you haven't read the book yet, better to stop reading this review now.***SPOILER ALERT!!****Imagine reading an edge-of-your-seat nail-biter akin to ""Fatal Attraction"" or ""Sleeping with the Enemy,"" and the storyteller wrapping it all up with ""...and they lived happily ever after.""  Um ... WHAT?!??!  It was/is one of the laziest endings EVER.  What a monumental letdown this was.  Up until the last few pages, I was recommending this book to others.  When I got to the ending, I had to let those same people know what a disappointment it was.One last observation on the author's writing style:  She doesn't seem to know what the word ""literally"" means.  However, she uses it often and each time she uses it incorrectly. ""Literally"" means in the exact sense and without exaggeration.  For example, ""It's raining so much it's literally causing local streets flood.""  That's the exact sense.  However it's incorrect to say, ""It's literally raining cats and dogs,"" unless there are actual animals falling out of the sky.From this book:Page 30:  ""Their ears were literally pricked.""Page 40:  ""[She] literally shed herself, a pile of skin and soul on the floor ...""Page 179: ""Rand, on the other hand, was literally losing his head.""????Sure, I'm not a master of the written word and I'm sure there's a typo or two in this review.  But then again, no one is paying $12.99 a pop to read this.
This is the epitome of a marriage with extreme narcissistic, controlling, crazy, unrealistic  people trying to have the perfect life. I personally found the ending to be brilliant. There is no happily-ever-after for characters like these two.
This book had me hooked, but after the second half of the book it fell short. The ending is a terrible disappointment. It was well written and the character development was great, but I cant give it five stars just because of the second half.
This review contains some spoilers. To start, I do think this book was a little overrated. Like many others, I didn't really like the ending. I thought the last fifth of the book could have been more developed. I didn't care foe the character Desi. I thought he seamed more like a caricature than a real believable person. I did like the irony of how ""he helped her"".  The book had many redeeming qualities too. There was a quote early on about ""what have we done to each other"" which I found interesting. What happens after years of marriage when instead of bringing out the best of each other, you start bringing out the worst. It also brings up the question of how well we really know our spouses. And what happens after that initial period when you are showing your best side, and being who you think the other person wants you to be? Another interesting topic is how one often acts based on what we have seen on the news and in the movies. What happens when you don't ""behave like a normal person would""  and what are we basing""normal"" on?  How ironic that the main character was most believed when he was actually faking it. Finally, what would you do if you start to realize your spouse really is psycho? I kinda wish at the end that the wife would have been more cunning in getting her husband to second guess himself and to start to believe that he were crazy and not his wife. The ending also touches on how we humans sometimes get through terrible situations by going through the motions, faking it for so long until you realize you aren't even faking it anymore. All in all, the book gave me a lot to think about so I rate it a solid 3&1/2 stars.
Although it had some inconsistencies and plot holes, there were enough twists and turns to engage me. Would recommend this but leave your over analysis at the door. Just enjoy the ride. Might make you rethink your decision to get married. :)
From the reviews, I was probably expecting too much and ended up being disappointed.  But I do really love Amy's diary entries.  Gillian Flynn understands psychology and people very well.  The diary entry about men and ""the Cool Girl"" was something I think a lot of us know but have never heard anyone actually say out loud.  Bravo for that! ""That night at the Brooklyn party, I was playing the girl who was in style, a girl a man like Nick wants: The Cool Girl.  Men always say that as the defining compliment, don't they?  She's a cool girl.  Being the Cool Girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she's hosting the world's biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot.  Hot and understanding...  Men actually think this girl exists.  Maybe they're fooled because so many women are willing to pretend to be this girl.  For a long time, Cool Girl offended me.  I used to see men -- friends, coworkers, strangers -- giddy over these awful pretender women, and I'd want to sit these men down and calmly say: You are not dating a woman, you are dating a woman who has watched too many movies written by socially awkward men who'd like to believe that this kind of woman exists and might kiss them.  I'd want to grab the poor guy by his lapels or messenger bag and say: The bitch doesn't really love chili dogs that much -- no one loves chili dogs that much.""  There are parts of this book I will probably copy and reread, but much of it is overrated.
This is my first Gillian Flynn novel, and I'm confounded whether I'll read another. Gone Girl by turns had me interested, captivated, bored, indifferent, angry and disappointed. Unfortunately, the negative descriptors, in the end, outweighed the positive ones. The book is well-written, but with an oft recycled story line, yet told with relatively fresh insight despite being overlong and wordy. Nick Dunn is a handsome, anti-social, aimless man in a five-year marriage to socialite, spoiled, beautiful, Amy. When Amy disappears, chaos ensues. What follows is a mostly tepid, often plodding, journey through a sociopath's mind and the lengths he or she will go to validate their point of view. The book has its fair share of twists and turns, some genuinely interesting, some howlers, parceled out like expensive hors d'oeuvres in between long diatribes that lead nowhere and provide little insight and even less intrigue. The book hinges on whether or not you believe that the incredible web of deceit and lies is credible. Unfortunately, this reviewer didn't think so. The police and police procedures in the book fit nicely in the context, but provided little in the way of reality. There is a thinly-veiled attempt at a character obviously meant to be Nancy Grace, and she's none too subtlety lambasted throughout the book. Still, I was somewhat captivated by the story and my curiosity was peaked to see how it would all unravel. Not well, as it turns out. The ending was dreadful and preposterous. The already strained ties to reality broke like over-wound guitar strings. It pushed this book from somewhere in the OK category to somewhere below that. 2 1/2 stars for this one.
WAY too long for my taste. Felt like way too much filler and too many unncessary details. I found myself skipping large portions of chapters just to get through it. It wasn't necessarily a bad book but just seemed to drag on and on and on.
The writing was good, the story had my attention and then the characters turned wimpy, evil and less believable.  Yes, there are psychopaths among us and they do wreck lives of people they can con but for me, the ending was not plausible.
This is the first book that I've read from this author, and based on a few personal quirks, I'll likely not buy another book by Flynn.  I bought this book for my Kindle because of the bestseller status and the magnitude of reviews this book accumulated. I wanted a good intriquing mystery.  Summed up below is what was delivered.Here are the good parts you get: 1) detailed characters, 2) dual points-of-view knitting a tight-webbed plot, 3) unexpected turns-of-event.Here are the not-so-desirable parts you get:  1) main characters developed with a lost cause to the storyline, 2) abrupt ending, 3) unnecessarily vulgar dialogue.This is not a book for young teens; it COULD have been a great suspenseful read for my 14 year-old daughter if Flynn would have left out the repeated four-letter words and trashy thought processes that had no plausible effect to the overall book.  I'm not squemish to profanity, but I do not like overusage if there is no reason for it in terms of character/plot development.This is a book for people who enjoy decoding a webbed plot of turning events.  I found this to be a real page-turner and a rapid read.  I became entangled in the story and repeatedly found myself deciding about who did what.Every person who reviews this way is telling you the truth....horrible ending. I couldn't believe when I clicked the Kindle over that I was at ""Acknowledgements.""  It's like another reviewer stated; Flynn basically seemed like she got tired of writing.  It's a dropoff and you will find yourself concluding the story on your own terms.Overall a good read at 3.5 stars.
Gone Girl is Gillian Flynn's biggest hit, in development as a movie, and so should be the best.  I couldn't wait to read it.  But...Her previous book, Dark Places, is a five star book by Gillian Flynn. A reader may not be 100% thrilled with the resolution, but the reader is kept turning pages nonetheless.  In Dark Places, we don't really know what happened until the very end. I read Sharp Objects twice, and it also keeps the reader turning pages.  Twists keeps coming until the final pages.Gone Girl is riveting in the first section. One knows something isn't kosher, but doesn't know what.  Unfortunately, Flynn has decided to resolve the mystery halfway into the book and that makes the last half much less interesting.  There are some little things here and there, but the book devolves into a procedural for the second half.I do think Ben Affleck is perfectly cast as the male lead, and Fincher as the director. But many have criticized Flynn for writing unlikable characters, and this book really has no one likable in a major role. Affleck is playing a character who is described as having a face you want to punch, and his puppy-dog arrogance is just perfect.  Maybe cast his wife, Jennifer Garner, as the pretty perfectionist cold-fish wife.  She'd be perfect as well.I hope her next book is a real mystery. I kept hoping something would happen during the last 200 pages, some crazy twist or surprise... but nothing ever did.  The very, very end might be considered a twist by some, but it was just what I expected.... Flynn has never written such an obvious book before and I hope she doesn't do so again.
Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl explodes with expert pacing.  The author instantly hooks you in, developing the primary characters and their troubled relationship.  Every note rings true.  Using first person narration from both perspectives, we’re ushered into the inner lives of Nick and Amy Dunne.  The mystery ignites when Amy goes missing and chilling clues suggest she met a violent fate.  Suspects are seamlessly introduced and the stakes get higher and higher when all signs begin pointing to Nick as the culprit.  It’s intense and gripping.But then, after a couple hundred pages, there’s The Reveal…To say things go off the rails would be an understatement; things go off the rails, fall off a cliff, collide with a nuclear power plant, and spur an unsolvable catastrophe as fallout douses the reader thirty miles downwind.As a reviewer, I can’t spoil any surprises, so I’ll tread lightly.  But in order for this character to have coordinated everything he or she planned would require such diabolical cunning, that it strains credulity.  This character (whoever he or she may be) would have to be Hannibal Lecter meets Emperor Palpatine meets the entire cast of Ocean’s Eleven poured into one cranium.  Laughably outlandish.There’s intricate plotting and then there’s Rube Goldberg plotting.  This is Rube Goldberg plotting.I can’t not recommend the novel though.  It’s a page turner, big time.  It beats a four hour marathon of Honey Boo Boo by a long shot.  With so many soporific books in the marketplace, Gone Girl is a refreshing, deep, and exciting indulgence.  But very, very far-fetched.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat, it has shook me really great twists. The ending is terrible though. My first thought as I finished was ""really?""I say it was worth the read, don't expect to be pleased by the end though.
Didn't keep my interest, Found myself skipping multiple pages at a time, and finally went to the end and read the last 20 pages to get it done with.  If the events and story had been nonfiction, I might have found it more interesting.
I had the highest expectations when I dove into Gone Girl. Maybe that is why I walked away disappointed. Others have compared Flynn to Stephen King and I would say they are not even in the same league. Flynn does exhibit a unique writing style with some great twist but not on par with the master suspense.Gone Girl is broken into three parts and I have varying opinions so with give my review based on each part.Part One: Good character development. I appreciate the foundation Flynn gives to both Amy and Nick's ""public"" persona. However, I feel like this section became something I just had to get through to get to the meat of the story. Part One would be great if it were 75 pages shorter and I would not feel like some of it was reaching.Part Two: This is the part of the book that I would like to give 4 stars instead of three. The twist are mostly surprising and all characters true colors shine through. I enjoyed the pace and speed of the plot and it is more what I anticipated a highly rated suspense/thriller novel to be.Part Three: I have to echo many other reviews, I HATED the ending. It seemed almost like Flynn wanted wrap the story up with a shock factor. To me, it came across as forcing a puzzle piece that did not fit. I could think of at least 3 alternative endings I would have enjoyed more.All and all I feel my anticipation and expectations did cause me to be more disappointed than I would have been. I would say it is worth a read and I will be interested to see the movie adaptation but I would not put Gone Girl at the top of my reading que.
Just knew even after everything that they put each other and all those around them through, they'd find their way back to the original love they first shared. Wouldn't you know the hard headed, stone heart of a man holds them apart!!
When I started this book, I was so excited to finally be reading something fresh, exciting, smart & well written. A great summer read! I don't waste my time reading books with characters I can't stand and reading books poorly written. This book was refreshing and had a really great pace that kept me excited & enthralled. However, when I got to Part two, I was so floored by the change of storyline, I felt completely hood winked & bamboozled. I was really mad I invested my time into something that completely turned upside down like it did. After Part Two, I wasn't even sure I still liked this book and wasn't sure it was something I would have read if it had started with the characters this way. I did decide to keep reading, because it still had a lot of intrigue & by this point I was more than half way done with the book. However, I was not happy. Now, when the book gets to the end, I was thoroughly disappointed. Like other reviewers mentioned, the end was a complete let down. It really was as though she got tired and just wanted to end the book. It was a major cop out. With all the twists and turns and scheming and flipping the story all around, it ends like that? I started the book very excited to be reading something I thoroughly enjoyed, which led to feeling a little upset with the complete 180 turn of events in Part Two, and then the conclusion left me utterly bored and sad for the book. It deserved a better end then the one it got. I gave the book 3 stars because in some ways it deserves 5 stars but the ending deserves 0 stars. I was looking forward to reading the authors other books, not so sure now,
This is so over the top, made for Hollywood.  Although I expected more, it was semi-entertaining.  The story has a WTF quality that makes it mesmerizing and far fetched all at once.  I won't be racing out yo read more Gillian Flynn.
The Gone Girl has won high praise from critics and has been a New York Times bestseller, proving once again that critical acclaim doth not a good book make.On Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary Amy mysteriously disappears. Nick, the quintessential weenie, appears oddly unaffected, even evasive and as the evidence mounts it becomes clear that his beautiful wife has meet with foul play and the allegedly loving husband is the prime suspect. Gone Girl creates a compelling peek into the lives of two co-dependent individuals one of whom is the worst kind of psycho.  Gone Girl provides an interesting perspective on media coverage, police procedure and the effect of personality in criminal cases.The design of the novel, alternating chapters from Nick's point of view with Amy's diary, is engaging and creates a page turning reading experience.  I eventually found, however, that the diary began reading like a Seinfeld script and was tempted to skip the later entries. The plot is intricate, and detailed, two attributes I enjoy and look for in a good thriller.  My disappointment arrived long before the conclusion when the plot resolved- on page 370 and an epilogue of sorts ended this four hundred twelve page novel with an unsatisfying metallic clunk.The writing is fast paced, witty and engaging.  The psychological elements are beyond insightful and become frighteningly real but the police procedural aspects are lacking which becomes a distraction.  The plot, to a point, is brilliant but for this reader it becomes the fatal flaw of Gone Girl. Two stars is very forgiving.
Young marrieds Nick and Amy Dunne are in trouble. Like so many people today, they find themselves bogged down in the mire of today's rotten economy, their jobs (magazine journalist and Cosmo quiz-writer respectively) made obsolete by the Internet. Due to money troubles and general incompatibility, their five-year-old marriage has crumbled, leaving them locked in a hateful, claustrophobic relationship. Then, on the day of their anniversary, Nick returns home to find Amy missing. When police find trace amounts of blood in the kitchen, they begin to suspect that Nick is the culprit. Is Nick being framed, or is he truly responsible for a horrible crime? By examining both past and present, Gone Girl traces the ugly meltdown of a marriage, and the terrible consequences it brings.Although I won't hesitate to proclaim Gone Girl to be a tense psychological thriller and an excellent choice for airport reading or beach trips, I have to admit that I had mixed feelings about the novel as a whole. Like the 1989 Michael Douglas movie, War of the Roses (which details the worst divorce battle in history), Gone Girl focuses on the absolute worst aspects of two fairly unlikeable people. While I must applaud Flynn for going against the grain in this aspect, I can't think of two characters I would rather NOT read about ever again. The reader will either delight in Nick and Amy's despicable natures or want them both to die horrible deaths. It's one of those books that makes you glad that you read it (just to see what the fuss was about), but also equally glad when you finish it and move on to something prettier.
What an extraordinarily taut and enthralling read.  There is not a single misplaced word in the storytelling which is compelling and clever.  It also contains one of my favorite devices in a novel:  The lying and unreliable narrator.  But this book has a bonus in that we have TWO such people telling their sides of a story centred on a marriage gone bad.Unlike many books today, there are no extra pages; no extra characters who add nothing to the plot; no descriptions which defy the word ""enough""; and no subplots which detract from the story which is difficult to stop reading.  The character motivations and backstories are well explained.It's not all perfect tho.  Yes Flynn explains why one of the narrators accepts certain limitations imposed by the other but this is nearly impossible to live with, as a reader. And as the ending comes into view, long after the climactic developments, it's clear that Flynn will forget about satisfying the reader and instead goes in a very creepy, though novel, direction.  I understand what she is trying to do here, but it doesn't work... AT ALL.I don't have to like a book's ending, but it has to work and achieve what the author is going for.  Here she gets about halfway to her goal , therefore three stars on a book which, for hundreds of pages, I thought would easily be one of my few five star books.I return to the pleasure of this book, a real page turner with meaning about how the politics between two people can wreck everything.  In time, I hope to remember it for the pleasurable aspects of the read rather than for how it sputters to a close.
Okay, I know I'm reading this two or three years after everybody else, but two months ago I was here reviewing a novel published in 1953 - so bear with me, people!GONE GIRL is narrated in alternate chapters by Nick Dunne, whose wife has gone missing, and by Amy, the missing wife. Nick is writing in the here and now, as he becomes the chief suspect in his wife's presumed abduction and murder. Amy's diary entries (with overtones of Carrie Bradshaw and even Bridget Jones) are a history of their marriage, from love and trust to cheating and mistrust, from falling in love to falling very heavily out of love.Nick admits that he's lied to the police, from which we're obviously meant to assume that he might be keeping things from us. ""I wasn't romantic,"" he admits; ""I wasn't even nice."" Amy comes across as the spoilt needy daughter of rich self-absorbed parents. It's hard to warm to a book when you take an instant dislike to its two main characters. In order to keep the reader guessing, plot and structure are elaborately contrived; and for me there was a bit too much contrivance, although the ending does give the story an edge which many potboilers lack.This is, of course, a ""woman's book"", but here's one male reader who only gives GONE GIRL four out of ten for literary quality, plus an ungrudging eight for the shock/surprise element. As in the movie, I came away with the feeling that this unlikeable pair deserved each other and the fate Gillian Flynn served up for them.[Reviewer is the author of THE BEXHILL MISSILE CRISIS]
My book club and I had been watching this book's very firm hold on the top books for several months.  Seeing that it was continuing to get such high ratings and was maintaining on the best seller list, we gave it a go.Our bookclub met yesterday so it's still very fresh in my mind.  I enjoyed the start of the book and found the author's writing style to be pleasant and inviting.  I was hooked.  And then, without spoiling the book for those who perhaps haven't read it yet, it just got too much.  And I wanted to book to end. Such a shame.  I was intrigued and interested and, frankly, captivated by Amy's brilliance (""crazy like a fox"")...but it then just seemed to take too many curves and loops and towards the end I found I stopped caring about the characters.  The ending was so very disappointing too.The thing is, we had such a wonderful discussion about the book.  50% didn't care for it and didn't understand the hype and 50% thought the ending was intriguing.  I think the strength of this novel is the writer's genius ability to write two different books mirrored by two different characters--not a simple feat.It kept us reading and talking...I just wish Amy had a different fate.  In any case, this was not my favorite read recently and I don't understand all the hype...other than people liking the ""who dunnit"" kind of books that take elements from our every day events (i.e. Scott Peterson, Drew Peterson, and the like).I think this is the case of an overhyped novel.  Truly (other than the author's ability to write two novels in one) nothing special.
Although this book made me want to finish it so that I could see how it ended, I wasn't all that impressed with it. I think one reason I was intrigued to read the end was the hype over the movie. But, once I got to the end, it left me wanting. For me, it was not satisfying at all.I am not a fan of diary entries as narrative. They are completely unrealistic in that full, word-for-word conversations rarely appear in real diary entries. You understand later why the author wrote parts of the book this way, but I am still not a fan. It definitely deteriorates the “suspension of disbelief” element of reading this book.Another aspect of the book that bugged me was the gratuitous use of profanity. Sometimes it is appropriate, absolutely. I am by no means a prude but its excessive use made me think while reading the book “Really?” It just didn't feel right and made some of the characters seem different to me than what I think the author intended. But, she used the profanity so maybe it is what she intended. In any case, it’s something that bothered my while reading the book.I also thought the wife’s character was extremely inconsistent, even at the very core. I am reluctant to go into detail here, however, as I do not want to reveal any plot lines that potential readers would prefer to read for themselves. For me, this is especially true in “Part II” of the book.I do plan to see the movie because I am curious how it will translate to film but I do not entirely understand why this book has been as popular as it has been/is now. It was just OK.
Pretty good for about 2/3 of the book. Maybe even 3/4. Then it kind of lost me. Ending was terrible.  Flynn tried to take the tough way out by going with a somewhat unpredictable ending. All it did was make it a terrible ending.
A nice suspense with a lot of things to like but can be slow moving at times and not much of an ending.  The way this novel is written is very fitting to how I feel about the book.  You get some from the husband, Nick and then you get some from the journal of the missing wife, Amy which starts years before she is ""gone"". As each story that the character is telling starts to unfold you as the reader get the feeling that each member is not very happy with their spouse.  The reason why I say that is fitting is their was some things I liked about the novel and some that I didn't.Nick is somewhat complaining about Amy and Amy is somewhat scared of Nick.  It all makes sense, right?  Well, that is when the novel takes a certain change in how it is presented.  As this chance happens, and you'll know what I mean when it happens, the novel actually gets better.  Pacing certainly picks up at the point and the overall storytelling is better.  Even though their are still some slow parts in even the second half of the novel you will certainly have nights that you stay up later reading that one more chapter before you go to bed.Long story short, the second half is better than the first but this novel is overall a good solid suspense novel that fans of the genre should not miss.  I will say that I didn't love the ending.. but hey you might like it.One more thing I will say about the novel and that is that it does have a lot of profanity.  Just letting anyone out there know that if they have a problem with language then it might affect your feelings toward the bookGrade: B
I don't really understand the hype surrounding this book. I found it predictable, meandering, and rather boring at times. Having read other titles by Flynn, I expected a lot more from this one, but was left rather disappointed.
I feel like I missed something. I originally was giving this book 4 stars. At 52% of the way through it was a solid 5 stars. I just finished the book, and so disappointed, it is getting 3 stars.  I felt the book just dragging. I remember thinking at some point this has to pick up! It was not horrible, it just was not keeping my attention. Therefore, 4 stars.  I had had enough, was about to turn off my Kindle for the night and whoosh! It picked up speed. I read straight on through the night, I looked up at 5am, and only paused to feed my dog. Back to reading! I even posted a review, which did not get posted due to a glitch.(?) I have never left a review in the middle of a book. I gave it 5 stars, even though it was unfinished.  I was forced to put the Kindle down through most of the day yesterday. Finally, late last night I picked up where I left off, eager. I had misread so much in this book, I was honestly surprised at each turn. Nothing was what I expected.  A few minutes ago I started feeling like lines were just being repeated, it was slowing down, losing momentum... and then I was looking at the Acknowledgment page? Where was the ending? What happens next? It was not, ""This is so good it left me wanting more""... It was more like,""I think there needs to be an ending! Where is the ending?"". 3 STARS!  I read Dark Places & Sharp Objects, so I have a feel for Gillian Flynn's writing style. I hoped this would be even better than the first two. I never saw the movie so I am not comparing the two. I am just really disappointed in the ending.
I had meant to read this before the movie came out, but obviously I failed at that. I had heard of this book, but it's not a genre I normally read, and I probably wouldn't have picked it up, but then I read a short story by Gillian Flynn published in the Rogues Anthology. That story totally messed with my head and kept surprising me. I loved it. I went out and bought Gone Girl right away after that.The very first page caught my attention, so that I just didn't know what to make of Nick Dunne. I wanted to like him, but then I began to dislike him more and more. In the long run, I think I hated everybody. Usually that's not a good thing for me in fiction. It's the reason I can't sit through House of Cards, no matter how great everyone says it is.But by the time I realized I disliked everybody, I was so far in, and things I thought I knew turned out to be wrong, and I'll be honest. I absolutely love that. It's exactly what I was hoping for when I picked up this book.It was really dark, which I was expecting. But by the last few chapters, everything felt so bleak I felt just drained and depressed by the end. I can't say I enjoyed it overall, exactly, if it made me feel that awful, in the end. But I still enjoyed being surprised, and piecing things together, guessing what was going to happen next, and the writing is really very clever.If you like dark stories, and like a convoluted plot that keeps you guessing, I would definitely recommend this. Myself, I'm still not quite sure how I feel. I should go read a good satire now.
I loved this book until the end. There was an amazing climax and the end just didn't live up to what I expected. After I finished the book I read reviews and saw that people had the same disappointment with the end that I did.
This book is a mystery for me. At first you think the husband is a killer! Then you are confront with a very crazy wife who plan everything! Soo she is crazy but the worst part he stays with her! I think is is too much fiction
This book was, meh, only okay.  I found it a bit confusing to follow.  While the author DID do a good job of keeping the reader guessing as to whether or not he really did kill his wife, I thought the ending was totally lame.
This book was good until the last third. Then it actually became boring so I don't know what all the hype is about regarding how ""great"" it is.  Hope the movie will be more interesting.  It was an anticlimactic book.
The book started really well in that I was drawn into the wanting to read more. Interesting characters and storyline. But then it just turned into just another  book with a mad psycho murdering woman. It's been done before!
SUSPENSEFUL NOVEL ENDS IN AN UNFORESEEN AND (TO ME) AN UNWARRANTED CONCLUSION.  WHILE AN OPTIONAL ENDING WOULD BE MORE ""PREDICTABLE"" AND THUS NOT ""UNIQUE"" THE AUTHOR HAS MADE THE ENDING TO THIS UNREWARDING.
This one started out as a love story and developed into a mystery.  Amy and Nick had a story book relationship until Nick loses his job at a magazine (the result of the preference of the Internet over the written word) and then Amy loses her job (although she has a substantial trust fund to fall back on).  With an ailing mother and father, Nick decides to return from NYC to his hometown in Missouri.  The relationship begins to falter in NYC but worsens in Missouri where Amy feels not only out of her element but feels to be the victim of the widening gulf in their relationship.  The story is told in first person by Nick and via diary entries by Amy through the first part of the book.  Part Two of the book takes a turn (I have to say I kind of saw the unexpected twist coming).  The biggest issue I had with this book was that although both characters seemed to be the kind of people everyone would like, ultimately neither had the kind of personalities that would endear them to anyone.  As a result, I stopped caring as to what would happen to either of them as much as I was curious to see where the book would lead.  The only character that I actually started to care about was Margo (Nick's twin sister) who helplessly looked on while trying to support her brother as the mystery unfolded.  I have to think the author wanted to create two characters that were so real that they had the flaws that were depicted.  The ending (some say it was unexpected) was somewhat unfullfilling but it leaves open a possible sequel to see what the future might be.
I just finished the book. The thing about Gone Girl is that you are expecting a certain genre of storytelling and instead you get all genres. Romance? Check! Mystery? Check! Comedy? Check! Thriller? Check! However, the book only works as satire.  Unless you think of it as satire, you are going to find the actions of the characters COMPLETELY unbelievable, especially toward the end of the book.  The two main characters are pretty well-developed--but there are so many twists and turns that you have to keep revising your opinions, so much that you are left confused and you end up disliking everyone. I didn't really like either of the protagonists early in the book, so I guess my dislike for them only deepened.Overall, pretty well-written. At certain points the novel feels long and treads water. I almost threw the book at part two. The author relies a lot on the trope of ""hanging a lampshade"" on certain unbelievable events or character names. Again, certain character behaviors do not read true or in order to make them square, the character has to be written one dimensionally. Very well structured novel, but even a satire should make sense at the end.Another criticism? It doesn't paint women in the best light. Women here are pretty much placed in boxes. Even though the author makes fun of corny romantic comedies with stereotyped behaviors, most of the women are written as stereotypes or are one-dimensional.It's a long read for something that won't be satisfying, but you will enjoy getting to the let down.
Part One - Boy Loses Girl: Honestly, I hated it. Didn't find myself liking anything about Amy or Nick (main characters), and as a result not caring about either of them. At this point I was confused by all the glowing reviews because I was struggling to continue reading. The story just sort of trudged along and I had a hard time staying interested enough to read some of the longer chapters in a single sitting.Part Two - Boy Meets Girl: I won't give anything away, but it suffices to say that this is where the real twist and turns start to happen. At this point I became glad I forced myself to continue reading. The pace of my reading increased as I couldn't stop, always wanting to know what happened next.Part Three - Boy Gets Girl Back (or Vice Versa): Even more interesting to me than Part Two - couldn't get enough of the story... up until the end, which was a tremendous let down.Overall not sure I would recommend this book. If the ending was better I wouldn't of cared about, what at least in my opinion, was an unpleasant first half of the book. Overall, Gone Girl was sort of like a firecracker with a really, really long fuse. Fuse gets lit, but its so long at first you don't care and pay little attention. As it buns 1/2 way through it starts burning faster and faster, there are sparks flying all over and its very exciting as you know something big is coming. Finally at the end of the fuse you brace yourself for the loud bang, but instead the firecracker just sputters in an anticlimactic fizzle.
Loved the movie, but can't seem to get through the book. It's boring.  I keep putting it down and reading something else.  That might be because I recently saw the movie, so I'll give it some time and then go back to it.
This book is written in three parts.  That's not a spoiler.Part one is dark and makes use of the unreliable narrator to great effect, leaving the reader guessing as to the motives and even accounts that the characters give, despite the first person structure.  Part one kept me up through the night turning pages.  It's amazing.Part two introduces a twist which I cannot elaborate on because it's a spoiler.  The problem with the twist is that it takes all the interest out of several secondary characters who, until then, were interesting only because you didn't know the twist.  Once you learn it, the secondary characters become drab window dressing on a conflict that has lost a lot of mystery.  The second part becomes more thriller than mystery, then it starts to drag because I stopped caring about the secondary characters:  Most of the action in part two is about the main plot, but most of the TEXT in part two is about the secondary characters' mostly-irrelevant actions.Part three is bizarre and hard to believe.  I would go as far as to recommend you stop after part two, imagine a few different endings, and then read part three.  The endings you can imagine would be dark and tragic or tense but triumphant; and nothing at all like what's actually written!  The real ending will surprise you.  In this case, that's not a good thing.  It's surprisingly unbelievable, and a little bit silly.  It's jarring comparing the weird and almost flippant part three with the somber and gritty part one.
I was disappointed in this book, all the foul language really wasn't necessary.  And the story line was now what I expected.  With that said, I still wanted to see how it would end, which is why I gave it a three star.
Like most reviewers, I enjoyed the first 2/3 of this book tremendously. I actually liked that all of the characters were perfectly despicable and I loved the back and forth storytelling style (it kept me turning pages into the night). The way Flynn writes about the many tiny ways we destroy ourselves and our relationships amasses to a spot-on cautionary tale for couples.But the ending sucks. It doesn't suck so much that I regret ever picking the book up, but it does suck so much I won't recommend it to anyone else.The author spends 400 pages demonstrating the ways in which the two main characters are basically the worst human beings to walk the earth...then drops the bomb that they're going to make a third (probably horribly toxic) human being and wraps up the book in about 20 pages? WHAT?! I want justice! I want vindication -- at least for Nick! Don't we deserve that? It's one thing to sentence Nick and Amy to have to spend the rest of their miserable lives together, but to add a helpless baby to the mix is just terribly, horribly, cripplingly sad and unfair.I can think of ten alternate endings that would have been more satisfying: Amy in jail, Amy buried in the back yard, Amy drowning herself, Nick in jail, Amy kills nick, Go snaps and kills them both, EVEN IT'S ALL AN EFFING STORY OR DREAM OR DAD'S CRAZY HALLUCINATION! EVEN THAT! GAH!I'm strongly disinclined from reading any of Flynn's other books now, which makes me sad, because I really like her writing.
I finished this book last week and have been debating on how to write this review.  I think the best way to describe Gone Girl is that it was a book I loved to hate.The book was given to me and, at the time, the only thing I knew about it was what I read on the back cover.  I knew it was made into a movie, but I never read a review about it.  That being said, as I read Part I of the book, I thought it was a bit slow moving.  After Amy's disappearance, I felt sorry for Nick, but when it was revealed that Nick was cheating on his wife, I felt he deserved whatever came to him.  At this point, I loved to hate Nick.Part II really captured my interest and I was glad I continued reading.  Many more layers of Amy are revealed and without saying too much, believe me when I tell you, you will begin to feel sorry for Nick and love to hate Amy.By the time I arrived at the third part of the book, I was ready for some true justice or straight out revenge, and this is where I became very disappointed.  As I read the last page, all I can say is, I loved to hate the ending.  ( I actually read it twice thinking I missed something.)I give Gillian Flynn 3.5 stars for her writing style (some of her word choice was crass and I could have done without the quizzes) , 4 stars for twists and turns in the middle of the book, and 1 star for her ending.Gone Girl is 555 pages long and that's way too many pages to invest in a story that leaves the reader feeling short-changed.
Goes down as another off my 2015 Reading Challenge – A mystery or thriller.I am usually very much a book person, always saying the book is better than the movie but in this case I think because I saw the movie first I liked it a but more. The flow of the book felt a little too long compared to the film and I felt that because I had watched the film first I was always going to compare the two throughout reading the book.Ok so you have Amy who has gone missing and everyone just assumes that Nick is some how responsible for her disappearance. Throughout the book, and film if you have watched it, you are double guessing yourself trying to work out who is telling the truth. Do you believe Nick, who can come off as a bit uncaring and turns out to be very misguided to where his life has turned out, or do you believe Amy through the voice of her diary? Throughout the book you are introduced to a few different ‘Amy’s’ and I don’t think she really knows who the real one is any better than anyone else’s guess. The further the story goes on the more complex it becomes and you are wondering how it will all play out in the end for all concerned.I did enjoy the book and would recommend it to people. I think I would get them to read the book first though then watch the film though to see if that makes a difference. It is a very good thriller though and will keep you hooked throughout.https://readingnook84.wordpress.com/2015/07/11/book-review-gone-girl-by-gillian-flynn/
I could not stop reading, but when I finished, I was sorry I had spent the time and attention.  Read if you want to be diverted.  Ultimately I found the characters not likable and the hero's ultimate decision creepy.
This book left me wondering.  Don't know if that is good or bad.  The only compliant I have is that the author did not have to use the ""f"" word on every page.  Overall the author has created a very interesting story.
Nick and Amy Dunne are a couple that appear to be struggling with their marriage.  It's their fifth wedding anniversary and Nick seems to be dreading going downstairs to see his wife, who is merrily making them breakfast.  Nick is dreading the day as he knows he'll have to follow a treasure hunt that Amy puts together every year for their anniversary.  He never gets the clues and always feels that his wife is a bit of a mystery and he doesn't understand her.Nick leaves for work and the unthinkable happens, Amy goes missing.  There seems to have been a struggle in the house and everyone fears the worst.  A hotline is established and a search party is formed.  With some more scrutiny and conflicting evidence found, the police suspect Nick had something to do with Amy's disappearance.  Amy's best friend appears out of nowhere and Nick swears his wife doesn't know her.  The police keep getting stories that Amy was afraid of Nick and scared for her life, again he swears this isn't true.  Nick must follow the treasure hunt clues left by Amy for any hope of tracing her whereabouts before her dissapearance and setting the record straight.The book is a back and forth between Nick and Amy.  One chapter will be from Nick's point of view, the next from Amy's.  It worked quite well to set the stage for the drama that unfolds.  Interesting whodunnit with a bit of a twist.  The author definitely had me hooked, just as was designed, and I was along for the ride at every twist and turn.
1 day ago (before I started part 2 of this 3 part book), I would've given this book 5 stars.  However, like many other reviews have noted, she lost me with the ending. I was actually mad about how it ended and furious I'd dedicated the better part of 2 consecutive days devouring this book only to be so, so disappointed.  What could've been incredibly climactic and of the same intensity as the rest of the book was an huge let down.  It was almost akin to a Lifetime movie (which I can enjoy now and then and know they're not at all movie masterpieces) - too formulaic, too simple, too not enough for how well the rest of the book kept me engaged and turning pages.  I love her writing style, she was incredibly adept at changing character perspectives, voices, etc.  The twist (which I won't spoil) was shocking and I felt set the groundwork for what could've been a stellar book.  But in the last part (which moved incredibly fast relative to the first two parts).  I was still going to buy another Gillian Flynn book because I enjoyed her writing, but I'll just check out from the library since I've seen a few reviews that the endings of those also leave the reader wanting more.I bought the book after seeing commercials for the movie since I tend to feel that books are ALWAYS better than their movie counterparts.  In this case, I think the movie could actually be better than the book if they take some liberties with the story and don't stay true to the book (at the very least change the end!!)
This books starts off very slowly. In fact, it took me three tries before I finally finished it because it starts off so slowly. However, once the book gets to the second part, it starts to move at a much faster pace. I have mixed feelings about this book. Once I got to the second part, I read it much more quickly as the thriller aspect was utilized more effectively from that point on. Still, in many ways, the book is predictable. If, by the second part, you really think that it's Nick who is responsible for Amy's disappearance, then you really weren't paying attention. There are other parts of the plot that were also predictable. That was a weakness for me.If you want a book with likable characters, then stay away from this novel. There was only one character I really liked and she was a very minor character. The two protagonists have little, if any redeeming qualities. This didn't bother me but I know this will bother some other people.Flynn's writing style is very crisp. There isn't a lot of superfluous or pretentious language , which I really appreciated. That being said, there is a lot of profanity, especially the word ""bitch"". This, I suppose, was necessary since Nick is such a terrible misogynist. Still, if I never see the words ""f----ing bitch"", I will be very grateful.All in all, this is a good beach read that has a really disgusting, sociopath villain that manages to repulse you and draw you in at the same time. Worth a quick read.
The book gives more details than the movie - often the case between books and movies - but I still found the story lame. The ending made a bit more sense than the movie's ending, but I felt disappointed nonetheless.
Gone Girl is a New York Times #1 best seller.  I have read only one other book by Gillian Flynn, Dark Places. I enjoyed that book and would say I enjoyed it more than Gone Girl.What I liked: with this novel the reader gets to see the true mastery of a well thought out psychological thriller.  The plot is ingenious and Ms. Flynn superbly keeps you glued to the story with various twists and turns.  The different forms of narrative combine to enhance the distinctive voices of each character.  Looking back on the book you applaud the author's use of plot set-up, detail and finish.  I initially found the first half of the book slow but persevered.What I didn't like:  well it would have to go without saying that I did not like the two protagonists. Written as pathetic, manipulative, selfish, self-centered and psychopathic, there just was no redeeming feature on the two.  Of course given the plot, you would expect to have characters this perverse.  Disliking a main character also sets the tone for credibility.  I found neither Nick nor Amy to be believable characters.  Perhaps Flynn went a little over the top with making them so dysfunctional.Overall I found the plot itself to be unrealistic and had difficulty accepting many of the twists that did occur.As for the ending of the novel, well I hated it, however, I believe that within the context of the story and keeping with the image Flynn was portraying of the protagonists, the ending was appropriate.
I really, really wanted to love this book, as I waited a LONG time for it. I'd considered many times getting my own copy, as the list was long at the library. Now I'm glad I waited!! For most of the story, I was kept entertained and immersed in the story. There is a LOT of Mars/Venus psychology wrapped in the dialog. I'd have recommended the book to my mother, who loves a good story but hates the ""f"" word and the other terms that writers descend to when faced with the need to express strong emotions without a good vocabulary to call upon. Glad I waited til the end of the book to make that recommendation, as well! Sadly, the author that had managed to keep the suspense going and the story twisting upon itself with a really smart female lead, let her down. Amy, who thought of everything, made basic, stupid mistakes that while revealing her weaknesses, also were not in keeping with the intellect displayed in the first parts of the story. For most of the character revelation, we get to know the side of two people that they don't reveal to the world, the side most of us have and keep to ourselves. That was masterful writing, contributing to a great story line. I have to wonder what happened to the author in there, though, as it seemed to fall back to contrived? The ending, quite frankly, sucked. I get it that it was supposed to make a point about the character of the characters but it failed miserably for me.I will, in the future, be hesitant to pick up another of this author's works.
I will try not to spoil this book for anyone who wants to read it. In truth (ironic, given the amount of lies in the book) the majority of the book is well-written and interesting. The ending completely ruins it though. Given a better ending this is a 4 or 5 star book; as it is, I was debating between 2 or 3 stars.The story centers around Nick Dunne, whose wife Amy goes missing and is presumed dead. As is so often the case, the husband becomes the prime suspect as far as both the police and press are concerned. Things look especially bad for Nick because he tends to hide his emotions so he comes across as cold; additional revelations complicate matters even more. His sister stands by him and his in-laws do for the most part. A large search is organized to find Amy which drags on.With chapters alternating between present-day happenings with Nick searching for Amy and entries from Amy's diary of when they first met and got married, the book is told in an interesting way. There are a few nice plot twists - a couple I could easily see coming and others that took me by surprise. However, the ending was the biggest surprise of all and the biggest disappointment. I will not spoil it but I will say that I was not convinced by it. Given Nick's character I do not really accept the way the story ended. I believe the situation would have occurred as it did but do not believe Nick would have gone along with it. Not only that, but the ending left me feeling empty and unsatisfied.
I read to the end. The bitter end. Then I felt like I had experienced a very bad news day. Very outdone with myself for wasting my time. I am giving this 3 stars because the author sucked me in for the long haul.
I really don't know what to say about this book... I hated it, then I loved it, then I hated it again. Very entertaining with all the twists and the ""no F-ing way"" moments, but I don't think this book is my type.
I did really enjoy reading this book.  The struggle for power that occurs in relationship after the falling in love phase.  The persona of each individual that is often for show and dissolves in the wake of the reality of everyday life.  Why aren't you behaving the way you did when we first met?  Because that is who I was pretending to be until I caught you.  Now, I want you to love me for who I really am.  But, that is not who I fell in love with.  etc.However, one part of the book keeps coming to mind that seemed wrong.  The part with Greta and Jeff was very tense.  You felt that Amy was making mistakes and not in her comfort zone.  So, why did she even reach out to these two people.  It was doomed to fail or be problematic from the start.  So, why did it bother me?  It is totally out of character for such a totally calculating person.  She is always like 15 steps ahead of herself and everyone else around her.  So, this bothered me.  As well, even if it could be justified that she made some mistakes, this women does not let anyone win.  She will come back and make you regret the day you ever thought you could get one over on her.  So, why did Greta and Jeff get a hall pass?  They are never even mentioned again.  I find that to be out of character and not believable in a world in which Amy gets even with anyone that she feels wrongs her.So, this is just wrong and bothers me that it is just left as oh well, they ripped me off.  I'll just let it go?
My sister-in-law told me she had read this over the holidays and it was a 'crime' novel - so I decided to check it out.  I downloaded the 'free' content and was hooked from the beginning.  The plot of a wife going missing and a husband left behind to figure it out was intriguing.  It was cleverly written from the wife's perspective beginning at the onset of their courtship and alternating to the husband's perspective beginning the morning of the disappearance.  As these two perspectives began to merge chronologically, the suspense was incredible.That being said, once the two joined and the book takes a twist (interesting twist, too) - the plot started becoming unrealistic.  There were many twists and turns, as both the husband and wife's perspectives are continuing to alternate, some of them are forced and not very believable.I won't spoil the book by mentioning anything about the ending - but it was very disappointing.  I kept waiting for the craziness of the plot to somehow come together to actually make sense - but it does not - and you're left feeling the author just couldn't get it figured out either so just ended the book at a 'good' stopping point.If you want a read that will keep you wanting to pick up the book - this works.  However, if you want a book that makes you think and ponder afterwards - and truly reflect on the characters and their plight - this will not.  It only makes you reflect on 'what was the author thinking.'
I read this book because I wanted to see the movie and couldn't see it without first reading the book since it was already on my to-read list #StubbornbookwormproblemsSuffice it to say that I no longer want to see the movie. I have a love hate relationship with this book. I loved the way that it gripped me from beginning to end and was indeed very hard to put down but I hated the story overall.Amy just about drove me nuts the entire time. She is clever like she is commonly described by other book critics and reader reviews but she is also so cocky and full of herself and so sure that she is amazing and has an air-tight plan that she practically begs you to find all of the flaws in her master plan, the holes, the loose threads that would have unraveled this story in real life. Yes, it's fiction, I get it - it isn't real so it isn't supposed to be plausible, but I know the book was trying to be realistic and in many ways it was but in so many others it wasn't. My dad was engrossed in the Scott Peterson story and I honestly feel that most of the story was that story, ripped off and given a new spin. I hated the ending and aside from the improbable holes in the story, this would be a disastrous story in real life if only for the way it ended. Such an awful ending.I'll add this to my shelf of books that one needs to read to be part of the societal conversation but isn't anything I feel I would have missed out on had I not read it.
This story kept me interested and wanting more as the sickness of it all unraveled. Just when you think you have it figured out the story takes another turn. I couldn't put it down, it was perfectly disturbing!
I'd heard that Gone Girl was a page turner and that's what I wanted.  I had a two hour flight from one bad weather city to another, so I figured four hours in the air plus the possibility of a delay means I need a book to entertain me.  I wasn't looking for high literature, just a book to enjoy and then pass on to someone else when I'm done.While I admit that Gone Girl was certainly a better book than I could have written, it's not up to the rave reviews it has received.  But I couldn't put the damn thing down.  At least four times, I said ""screw it"" and closed the book, but I kept going back to it.  That could be the charm of it.  Every character is so obnoxious, you want everyone to get their comeuppance.  It's definitely entertaining, a good book to kill time with on an airplane and that is its redeeming feature.  The author had a good idea, but fell a bit short of pulling it off.There are a lot of clichés in the book and a few lines where you know people just don't talk like that.  There were a few times when someone would do something stupid and you knew it was the author's way of moving the story along.  Like many other reviewers, I thought the ending was awful.  If you are going to read this book, I recommend you stop fifty pages before the end and try to come up with an ending yourself, then finish the book.  I guarantee you won't guess it and that your ending will be better, but that might be why so many people loved the book.
Great set-up. Really explores the nitty gritty of marriage in an interesting way. He in first person, she thru diary entries. Had me hanging...waiting for the big ending, twisty and turny, and then....nothing.
If you've watched the movie you may be disappointed by the book. I, however, did not watch the movie so the book was pretty good. The ending was a little disappointing but the overall plot held my attention.
This is a very clever book. Twists and turns at every corner. However, it was a bit long-winded.  I couldn't wait for it to be over.  Quite anti-climatic. Never name a character ""Go.""  It's very distracting.
Flynn articulates the most grim and discouraging picture of modern American middle class marriage I've read or seen in some time. At the end of this book, and at points along the way, I found myself wondering who hurt the writer who put such misery in the air.  The main characters, as they present themselves in their own words, are vacuous and shallow, and awfully grown to be so. They appear to have married without really knowing or loving each other, and when their veneers cracked and faded, they didn't do themselves the favor of going their separate ways.He's a writer with writer's block, she's a rich girl gone to relative poverty, and they leave New York City for his small town roots, where the crap hits the fan and they stop communicating about it all. When she disappears on their 5th anniversary, he is the prime suspect for murder. This part of the narrative, from his perspective, suggests his innocence of much more than being a lout and a philanderer with poor social skills and too much handsomeness to handle.But wait, there is more. The disappeared wife kept a diary, in which it is strongly suggested that he's a violent man she had reason to fear. As the evidence adds up to strongly suggest he killed her . .There's even more. And at the end, if you don't think 'well, they got what they deserved' then just pitch the book across the room. If you're reading on an e-reader, just erase it. No one will blame you.
This was hard to stay with. Several times I thought this isn't for me. To much back and forth between the characters. About 45% into the book we find the reason for it all.It now is more interesting.
And then the last 25% takes a giant dump on what you just read.If you have not read the book, skip down to the last paragraph of this review. Spoilers are ahead.**SPOILER ALERT**Had the book ended at the point when Amy comes back home, I would have been floored. It would have been shocking yet fulfilling to see Nick about to go to jail, for her to show up at the front door and then...The End. But, no. Ms. Flynn took these characters who were incredibly complex and confusing and devolved them into just shells of what we had just experienced as readers. The end went down with a wimper.**END OF SPOILERS**For the most part, I thoroughly enjoyed the book, but the ending left such a bad taste in my mouth. Perhaps at some point I will revisit it, but at this point I just cannot.I liked how both narrators told the tale in alternating succession, and as the story went on, you realize that it's impossible to trust either of them. I liked the idea of an untrustworthy narrator. The big twist at the 50% mark made me set the book down in one of those ""Holy crap!"" moments. I realized I was reading something incredibly special. However, the last 25% completely ruined that for me.Who knows, you may like the ending. One of my friends told me he thoroughly enjoyed the ending and found it fitting for both characters. however, for me, it just didn't do it for me.
Expected more from the very popular novel. The story begins well and I enjoyed the technique of alternating points of view but the characters were unlikable and the story went from entertaining to absurd.
I'm not sure how I feel about this book. Right away I liked it, husband comes home and his wife is missing. I liked how it was written: one chapter from the husbands POV (Nick) told starting from the time his wife Amy goes missing, then next chapter was from Amy's diary chronicling their relationship from several years before and leading up to the time she goes missing.Then I started part 2 of the book and it all went downhill from there. Trying not to spoil anything but I felt cheated. A major character turns out to CRAZY and half of what I'd just read wasn't even ""true""...what??? Cheap writers trick if you ask me.Which leads me to part 3, the ending. HATED IT! Hated what happened to the crazy person, hated what the crazy person then did...and we are supposed to believe that these 2 people end up together in the end? Especially since one of them is crazy and evil and the other person knows it but feels trapped and accepts it? I don't think so. Just didn't make sense.OK, this is a SPOILER:In part 1 why does Nick keep describing Amy bleeding to death on the kitchen floor with her head bashed in? Drove me crazy!It was NEVER explained. Just plain only sloppy writing with the story going all over the place and making no sense whatsoever. The story earns 2 stars, but the book was an easy read and kept me going back for more, so I have it 3 stars for suspense.
I tried several times to ""get into"" this book.  It just didn't happen.  I love to read and a friend suggested this book.  We usually have very similar taste in books but this one was not for me.
I had heard so much about this book/movie and looked forward to reading this novel.  The technique of writing the book in first person accounts from the two main characters was interesting.  I found myself frustrated at times thinking I wanted to move on with the plot but couldn't as a result of having to catch up with the events being narrated by the character.  As the story unfolded, it was interesting how the author manipulated the impressions one formulated of the two principal characters.  The reader's perception of who was the victim in this story continued to change as the story unfolded. At the conclusion of the story I was disillusioned by so many aspects of this story. As a reader, the calculated manipulation of the ""evidence"" and subsequent turn of events presented within the story became very hard for me to believe or accept as possible.  At the end I totally disliked all the flawed characters in Gone Girl. I felt disgusted and sorry that I'd spent the time involving myself in them and in their convoluted story.  Maybe this was the intent of the author to create a work of fiction based on people with little or no redeeming characteristics who continue on their menacing path though life.  I felt the sequel to this story might be the story about the Serial Killer born as a result of this novel.  This was an uncomfortable story and I wouldn't choose to read another book by Gillian Flynn.
This book had such a strong following I thought it couldn't miss. But it did. For me, the start was weak and the ending was weak. I liked the middle, but a good book needs more than just a good middle.
I hated this book. I just want to get that out of the way first. That being said, it is a brilliant piece of writing with a keen insight into the human mind. If this review was purely based on the authors’ skill, it would have 5 stars. I was going to rate the book at 1 star, but that would be an utterly unfair assessment.At the beginning of the book, the characters seem like normal people; somewhat boring but overall fairly likeable. The point where I realized my dislike for the book was when Amy’s true character was revealed. While I admire an author who can cause the reader to feel real, strong feelings for a character; the betrayal I felt when Amys true character was revealed was total. I had invested my time in reading and getting to know a character, only to find out that it was all a lie. This is not a pleasant feeling, and I personally don’t enjoy feeling that way over a book. The ending was very fitting for the book, but still made me feel horrible. By the time I got to the ending I completely detested the characters and wanted nothing more for the book to be over.I am not saying don’t read the book. If you want to read a brilliant written book that gives a real look into the darkest parts of human nature, definitely read it. If you prefer a book where justice is served, and the tormented , twisted characters receive redemption, you should probably find another book.
The plot was definitely a page-turner.  The characters were realistic.  The scenes were believable. But... I found the ending very unsettling, and have chosen not to read other works by this author.
I twas a pretty good read.  I became engaged and interested in the characters, and once into it, very reluctant to put the book down.  However,  I think that the plot resolution was a bit contrived.
I gave this a three because I was disappointed with the ending.  I will withhold so not to spoil it for you.  The book is a page turner, and I AM reading Dark Places.  That is another book by Gillian Flynn.  (Please don't disappoint me)  I know Nick Dunne cheated, but did he really deserve to be raked through the coals by his wife, - I mean REALLY raked through the coals.  I don't think an eye for an eye is equivalent to: cheating husband so wife frames husband for murder and sends him on a wild goose chase to make his hair stand on edge. Totally TOXIC.Amazing Amy makes herself look perfect all throughout the book.  Not only does she make her husband look bad time and time again.  I understand he cheated, and she wanted to bring him to heal, but why couldn't she just move on and give him a divorce?Besides, he was not the only one who suffered from his wife's sociopathic destructive behavior.  The problem:  she was always way ahead of everyone else and both of her parents were psychologists.If you can settle for a touch of disappointment, but a page-turning book, read the book.  I don't think you will be disappointed as the events unravel.  You may be shellshocked at the end, but as far as detail throughout the book, I give Gillian Flynn an A+.I just think I would have handled my wife a little bit differently- that's all I am saying.
the author is an astute observer and a very good writer--will definitely give her that. in terms of writing quality, the book is several notches above the usual writing in this genre. and (SPOILER ALERT FOR THE REST OF THE REVIEW) i did much admire her trick with amy's journal. though i'd half guessed the truth about it--that it was a false write-up--i still felt it was ingeniously done. ditto, the first part of the book, in which nick might or might not be the killer--again, very clever writing and i'm impressed at how the author walked a fine line, letting readers interpret nick's words for themselves.but, agreed with a sizable number of other reviewers. for me, the ending of the book leached away a lot of the meaning from what had gone before. it fell flat, it left me with an ""is that all??"" response--it didn't allow the book to rise above its genre and make any kind of overarching thoughtful point. with a different twist, i think i'd have found myself mulling over the novel for longer after i'd read it, trying to decide what the author wanted to say about men, women, marriage. as it was, i found the book a good, compelling vacation read that i pretty quickly forgot about a few days after having finished it. in fact, i'd still recommend it as a vacation read, but not as fiction that you can grapple with in any substantive way--which at one point i thought it might be.
I wanted to love this book - written by a local gal who (claims) to sip whiskey at my favorite Chicago Scottish bar.  At first I enjoyed 'Gone Girl' - the first half of the book really chugs along, ending on a climax which makes you eagerly begin the second half ... which then lets you down with a big THUD.'Gone Girl' has an interesting story (with many, many plot holes), and I applaud the author's ability to maintain the male/female voices consistently throughout the book. That said, the plot is ridiculous.  I am usually able to suspend my disbelief for a good story, but not this one.  It is so completely difficult to believe that (no spoilers here) anyone could pull off any of the feats presented.  The author justifies the characters' motivations but I just didn't buy it.The ending (as many reviewers are complaining about) is yet another ""twist"" which completely goes against your expectation of a character.  I didn't really mind that, but it fell flat.  It made me feel like I'd wasted my time reading the book, because (possible spoiler) we end right back where we began.Summary: If you don't have anything better to read, knock yourself out and read 'Gone Girl'.  If you're a James Patterson type of reader, then you'll probably eat this up.  If you're looking for something that will leave you feeling a bit more satiated, then look elsewhere.
This was a highly entertaining book. It's been a while since I've read a book that I couldn't put down. Which is not to say that it was incredible literature, it isn't. The story is clever and the characters are pretty well drawn, but for such an ambitious story line I felt the characters needed to better fleshed out to be believable. I also think some minor characters were highly unbelievable in their supporting roles (the twin sister who goes from analyst job to part bar-owner and just pops up supportively as a story device.) I did like the staging of the story in how the recession impacts the lives of the characters and their communities and drives events in the book.The strange thing about this book is that it started off with really good writing but as the storyline intensified, the writing went downhill. My impression at the end of the book went from ""This is good novel"" to ""This will make a good Lifetime channel movie,"" and I don't mean this is a bad way necessarily. For all that though, it delivered on the fundamental duty of a novel; I was entertained and engaged in the story to the point where I had to force myself not to turn to the end just to find out what happens.Oh, and as for the ending, I know many people thought it was anti-climatic and seemed rushed, but I quite liked the ending. It was quite gothic, in a quietly horrifying way.
Gone Girl is a dark tale of a troubled marriage told in the alternating viewpoints of a husband and wife, Nick and Anne Dunne, and is a decent read. The characters appear to follow a clichéd story line for a while, but the twists and turns are compelling enough to continue.In the end, both the husband and wife are damaged, twisted and manipulative. There is not a single character that has any legitimate redeemable quality. But none of that bothered me. In fact, despite the sarcastic and smug tone that continues to grow throughout the story, there are some brilliant observations about the nature of relationships, Flynn's commentary on being the `cool girl' being one of them. Clearly, Flynn understands the male point of view or has someone who is not afraid to share.Unfortunately, for me, while the first half of the book was compelling, the anecdotes meant to describe the psyche of the main characters were somewhat repetitive. The second half felt a bit abrupt, like a term paper was due but there was a really cool party to attend, so it just needed to be finished, regardless of content. That left me with questions about a story that was, apparently, completely wrapped up.All in all this is quick read, with a decent story and some surprises, twists, and turns. And, if you happen to be in the mood for a something dark, this is a good choice.
Must be something wrong with me!!!  I could never really get into this book.  If I had done as I wanted I would have tossed it after 100 pages but I hung in---got a wee bit better toward the end.
All along I was waiting for the climax to be hoe it should, and suddenly when the book finished I just couldn't believe it. I thought I didn't download the entire book. It has left me in between.
The book was very good until the end.  There wasn't any closure and I didn't believe that this was the type of book that should leave you hanging in hopes of another book.  Otherwise a good read.
I bought this book because the ""Look Inside"" showed 1) energy and 2) a strong, unique *voice* -- things sorely missing in the vast majority of fiction these days. I downloaded the Kindle version and dug in.Well, there's only so much Esquire/Cosmo cleverness one can bear, especially when the topic is so inconsequential. The characters I was meeting were transcendent only in their wit, not their humanity. One was a jerk, the other a tawdry psychopath. Do I want to spend time with these people? Their inner monologues are witty, and the plotting is nice and twisty, but these are Chinese food characters: spicy, but forgettable and unsatisfying.I started skimming around the 10% point. Then I stopped skimming and I plunged straight to the middle of the book, hopped to the big plot points, and skipped to the end. By ""end"" I don't mean the point at which the conflicts are resolved and the theme is played out; I mean the point at which the author stopped typing.The tale is ultimately cold and unilluminating. If you're looking for literature that rouses you, that makes you dream, that imparts wisdom or insight, this won't do it for you. On the other hand, if you don't need anything particularly sublime and you just want to blow through a week of evenings listening to the most articulate nutjobs in the room, you'll absolutely love it.
.....if they are also characters in a Gillian Flynn novel.  That is the pattern I see after reading all three of her novels.  This book kept me interested through the end, and as a mystery ""how is it going to end?"" it was a gripping page turner for the most part.  However, though well written, the story is slightly too clever for its own good, and the ending feels anticlimactic and unsettled.  The premise and structure are interesting, the two main characters well-developed though sometimes falling into cliche'd types  (jaded privileged hipsters).  The two protagonists are, as many reviewers have pointed out, fairly unlikeable.  Though characters do not necessarily have to be likable for a novel to work, it would have helped in this case in my opinion.  Mild Spoiler Alert:  The book has a lot of twists, and part of the fun of the novel is trying to predict which way it will twist next.  It does get you thinking about leads the police should have taken in the investigation (it seems like they missed a couple things they could have checked, but was fairly well done).  The bitterness and acrimony between Nick and Amy is well-drawn.  Anyone who has been in a contentious long-term relationship will find some identification with the feelings of the two main characters (but hopefully will not go to the same lengths!).  Anyway, worth reading due to good writing and structure, but it doesn't leave you with a sense of closure for the characters and the story.
There were a lot of good twists and turns in this book, but I felt letdown by the ending. I feel like it should have wrapped up the story line with a few more chapters. A little disappointing.
I was really excited to see how it would all end, who would get their up and comings...but nada. Very unsatisfying ending. The rest of the book is good though so that is why I give it 3 stars.
Least favorite from my favorite author. I wasn't impressed with the storyline, but i still love Gillian Flynn's style. I will read anything she writes. I hope she'll have a new book out soon.
I like closure with my movies and books. I guess you could say this was provided, but, what an awful way to live. The book was well written and intriguing but the main characters are so sick.
If you are thinking about reading this book and you count on reviews to give you an idea of whether or not you'll like it, you're probably confused right now!  Most people either really love or really hate it. So perhaps you decided to read the reviews that are right in the middle. Here's my opinion of the book.I couldn't relate to anything about any of the characters.  In fact I didn't like any of the characters.  None of them seem real. Yet, I kept reading. Even though I hated him and thought she was an idiot (first half) I kept reading. Then when I thought she was evil and he was an idiot (2nd half) I kept reading. I suppose I wanted some kind of justice, some sense of reason, something. That was not to be. I didn't like the ending either, maybe because there was no justice and maybe because now I would have to put the book down. Is it a good book?  Some people would say a good read must stir your emotions. (Check!). Some  would say it must have an intricate plot (check!). Some would say it must have colorful characters. (Check!). But if you expect a good book to have a believable story with all the questions answered and a happy ending all tied up in a neat little bow, then this is probably not the book for you.Now, I want to see the movie because I'm curious to see how Nick & Amy are portrayed.
This novel is certainly a page turner and has a unique format.  The story unfolds and progresses from beginning to end using the diary entries of a husband and wife.  The plot is filled with unexpected events which keeps the reader in suspense most of the time.  The writer is a highly skilled wordsmith, quite capable of paring words from unlikely sources to clearly communicate a mood, a feeling, an environment, or an emotion.With all of this skill, I was very disappointed to go through so many pages of dialogue, thoughts and feelings in which the best the author could present was repetitive use of the f-word...as a noun, verb, adjective and exclamation.  The two leading characters talked this way exclusively and these speech patterns seemed quite unbelievable and out of character for people who were supposedly highly intelligent and earned their living as respectable writers. I also felt that the main character's prior history had not been clearly thought through. Criminal actions she engaged in were never punished by anyone including school authorities when she was in high school.  There was also no explanation for why a rich, college educated, attractive but highly manipulative woman would settle for a low level job writing  ""test yourself"" surveys for a magazine. I think the author has the skill to do better.
I tried resisting this book for a while since I'm not a huge thriller/crime novel type but curiosity got the best of me.  In the beginning, I loved this book.  From how the book was written to how the characters were described with the different POV of the husband/wife, this book could do no wrong.  It was such a good read and I couldn't put it down.  Then you get towards the end... and everything goes to ****.  Really, I mean it.  It's like watching a show that used to be good for the first couple of seasons and then the writers start complicating things in order for it to be exciting and new but all it really does it make it messy.  Then to end  the series finale they have to make it even more ridiculous so they can cover their butts with all the crap they've filled it with.  Well the ending is like that.  Flynn was doing so well with her characters and then literally just trashed them.  I almost wish she would have just ended it in the middle rather than trying to make some sort of ""ending"" that made sense.  Really, it's like reading a bad soap opera without all the racy goodness to go with it.  Still giving it 3 stars because I really liked the beginning and I really felt like it could have gone somewhere.  Those of you that gave it 5 stars are probably just sociopaths (kidding, but kind of not really).
Slowly builds to a great plot twist...you are hanging on thinking of where it will go. A disappointing ending.Maybe the movie will embellish or change the ending. Very anticlimactic.
(Contains Spoilers) The idea of not really knowing another human being, much less a spouse, is intriguing which is what made this such an interesting story line. As a wife of 26 years, I must confess that even I who have had ample time to and have made a thorough study of my husband could not anticipate and manipulate his every move in such detail as to plan a murder around it.  Of course, with her masters in Psychlogy maybe Amazing Amy has unique powers of observation.Equally perplexing is how Amazing Amy is able to persuade so many others that multiple individuals in her life have become obsessed with and stalked her.  Other than her beauty, there are no details in Amy's character development that exemplify that level of magnetism or charm.  A woman who writes trite questionaires for women's magazines is so fascinating that others cannot help their obsession?  Is Amy really that Amazing?And, would a truly Amazing Amy be satisfied with boring old Nick, after pulling off the perfect crime.  A Nick, she was apparently so bored with before he began his affair, that she had ceased pretending to be Amazing Amy?The alternating narrator technique was quite effective in propelling the story along, but perhaps adversely impacted the flawed character development of the protagonists.
Gone Girl is not a book I would usually read, but I found myself interested due to the title and hearing about it from others in my book club. Upon starting the book, I was immediately suspicious of the husband (Nick Dunne). The writer does a good job casting him in a bad light and leading you towards the assumptions that sustain the plot in the first half the book. She paints a well developed picture of the troubled marriage and challenging circumstances which lead the main characters toward their 5th anniversary and the beginning of the mystery. Then you turn a page and are shocked with what comes next, not expecting the turn of events! It's a shocking surprise, but one that you will be impressed with since it isn't what you expected.The 2nd half of the book is where it gets really good, as you try to imagine the ending given the reality of the situation that you've been made aware of. It's similiar to watching a riveting movie and saying to yourself ""I know how this will end,"" and being shocked when it ends differently.The story is gripping and the character development in this book is fascinating, so it's well worth reading! Although it is slow at first, it will grab you in the middle and hold your attention to the end and you will probably be shocked at the very last word. Enjoy!
I was a little disappointed. The start was a little slow, and the ending, I felt was predictable.Don't get me wrong, it was a good book, but not as great as everyone told me it was.
I don't tend to read a lot of current fiction and certainly not a lot of books on the bestseller lists. I tend to stick to non-fiction and classics.  However, after reading multiple good reviews on this book and liking the genre, I thought I would give it a try.  This book is not bad but it's not as great as everyone has made it out to be.  I thought it was predictable. About 75 pages in, I had pretty much guessed the major plot twists. I figured it only could go one of two ways and people were so hyped up about the book that it had to go one way in particular.  I also found it hard to read at times because the two main characters are so unlikeable. Some nights I would just have to put it down because I'd had enough of these wretched people.  There is no real hero or protagonist to root for in this story, which makes it hard to sympathize with anyone.  I did think the style of writing, being told from two different voices, was interesting, but again because I didn't like the two leads, I didn't care for being inside either of their heads.  I see that the movie rights have been bought for this book which I expected because it has been so popular. Perhaps I'd be willing to check out the movie depending on the casting because you'd really have to cast actors who can pull off playing really despicable people.
I am not sure why I did not particularly enjoy this book.  The writing is good.  Perhaps because I am not a fan of murder mysteries, if you will. One aspect I did not care for was the vulgar language.  And yet, grotesque verbiage was necessary, I think, for the reader to develop a personal relationship with Amy.  Every reader will, without a doubt, develop a strong opinion of the characters,particularly Amy.  The female reader will appreciate portions of Amy's perspective.  For example, Amy, being as highly intelligent as she is, truly exposes all the modern fallacies of feminine allure.  How being the Cool Girl is altogether a lie.  Amy is the definition of a pure sociopath, and her keen intellect certainly contributes to Amy's demented psyche.  And yet, one cannot help but appreciate her perspective nonetheless.  If only Amy had a sense of morality, she might almost be likable, or at the very least, pitied.Many readers simply loathed the ending, but I actually liked it.  Amy was always one step ahead, and by the end it became apparent she would probably always stay one step ahead.  (Not plausible in my humble opinion, but this is fiction, after all).  Thus, I liked her husband's last remark.  No matter how far she manipulated those around her, Amy would always be herself, and truly pathetic soul.
I was less than halfway and almost gave up but was encouraged to continue. The second half was definitely much better but here is my beef. The author is great at displaying quirks and interesting insights into people; almost too clever. There are too many times where the story spins it's web of cute little descriptions of people, places, modern customs, mores and those weird things that people do. But it does not always help the story, it just seems to be a vehicle for the author to show what great insight she has into other people. But I want 'story'.As for the story, it builds slowly but it was a bit obvious where it was going, toward a big ""twist"". of course the second half was twisted again, multiple times. I cannot say I knew exactly how it would turn out, but it was tightly wound around a very few possibilities.Finally, and this is truly just a personal choice, I like to see some characters with some redeeming features. This story truly had no character that I would want to know personally. There was no one likable, not even remotely. I like a story where I can identify the hero and relate in some way.So I was a bit disappointed but it was certainly a clever story with great insights into the ways of our world, in some ways that are not very flattering.
I couldn't put this book down.  It was so suspenseful and a very good read until the end.  Very dissappointed that the author could not come up with a great ending to complete the book.
ok so I don't usually review books but I think ill start. I've never gone from hating someone to liking them to hating them more times than this book. I have to say the main characters were brilliant. Nick and Amy are the perfect amount of crazy that they will have you on their team at one point during this crazy ride. Nick and Amy were just brilliant. Well thought out, well developed, easy to picture and at times relate to. yeah there were times I felt, ""oh boy here we go again,"" because they had some general themes that all thrillers between featuring marriage. it was a little off putting but like I said you're going to love them and love to hate them so many times throughout the book. But that's not all. It genuinely is such a weird story that you want to keep reading to see how it actually explains itself out. that's also where I saw some problems. Without giving too much away I thought it was a little ridiculous. some things just didn't make sense.or when they were explained there is no way anyone would believe it or just agree that it was a coincidence.. I keep going back and forth on four stars or three stars. I'd definitely put it somewhere closer to four. Needed a better ending like a lot of people have said...but I bet those people, like myself, like endings with closure.
This is one of the better-written books I've read in the past year or so, however it is also the least satisfying. It is definitely addictive, engrossing, page-turning, you can give it whatever adjectives say ""well-written"" to you, I agree with them all.  Why only 3 stars? Because the end does not live up to the potential of the rest of the book. After finishing, I felt as if I'd spent all day making a beautiful meal--say, Beef Wellington. The duxelles were chopped to precision, the beef USDA Prime, the pastry hand rolled and the whole thing perfectly baked. But at the end of the day, when I finally took a bite, my meal tasted like sawdust. The ending of Gone Girl was, to me, like tasting sawdust when I was expecting ambrosia. A sip of André when I thought I'd poured a glass of Cristál. A big crack in the glass I thought was a diamond.  Christmas morning but all the beautifully wrapped boxes are empty.I'm not sorry I read it, because at least now I can say, truthfully,  ""Could you believe that [insert favorite expletive here] ending?"" if the book comes up over coffee or cocktails.  But if I knew on Friday when I started it that on Sunday I'd be ever so happy I'd gotten it from the library instead of buying it, well, I certainly wouldn't have read it so devotedly.
I have to say at the beginning of this review that the ending left me cold and rather upset.  I won't go into detail since I don't want to spoil this book for other readers.  The book starts off in Carthage,Missouri where Nick and Amy Dunne are celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary.  Nick leaves for awhile and upon returning to his home, he finds that Amy is missing and appears to have been abducted. The police are called in and soon thereafter Nick is the prime suspect.The reader begins to learn about the state of Nick and Amy's marriage as Nick reveals himself during police interviews and Amy is revealed by a diary that she has written.  Be warned reader, the writing at times in Amy's diary is crass and vile. However, the diary does reveal many insights into her character.The story chapters switch between Amy and Nick and each character begins to reveal the plot with twists and turns along the way.I could not put this book down but I was turned off by some of the crass comments made by one of the characters and I found some of the story to be not quite realistic and the ending was unsatisfying and upsetting for me.  However, if you want a book that will keep you up at night, as it did for me, then this book is a good read; unrealistic but very good.
Overall it was ok. The writing was good and the story kept my interest. Several unexpected twists. Not entirely satisfied with the ending. Characters were frustrating. Worthwhile read.
My son thought this was one of the best books he had ever read, but it took me three tries to finally get into it and keep going.  It had great twists and I hated the end of the book.
Thought the book started out well but finished poorly. story dragged on in the middle. This is my first time reading a Gillian Fliynn book so I may not be use to her style of writing.
Unrealistic but a good psychological study of human favor. Would have preferred a different ending. This one made me wonder if there would be a sequel. Met the author - a real treat!!
I recently was challenged to write one of those Facebook lists of 10 books that stayed with you.  This book happened to be the last one I read, but I think it will be on that list for a long time.  Like everyone else, I was sucked into this story.  I don't read a lot of fiction, but I was on a cruise and found a way to get through this one in a couple of days.  I don't want to give away much, but I loved Nick, and hated Amy (WITH A PASSION).  Throughout.  She disgusted me from the first chapter.  I thought the story was amazing, and just like pretty much everyone, was thoroughly dismayed with this author's terrible ending.  The story should not have gone down like that.  I yelled at my book out loud when I was done.  I had told my husband to read it when I was still halfway through, and I didn't even know a movie was about to come out.  By the next day when I told him I hated the ending, though, he wouldn't even bother picking it up.  The book stayed on the boat, donated to the library.  Ms. Flynn created a masterful tale for about 3/4, and then it's like someone else finished it.  I have never been so angry at a writer before.  That's why this one will be on my top 10 list. Not because it's the best book I've read in years, but because it could have been, and then it wasn't.
I agree with another reviewer, I was enjoyed reading the book very much but the ending was just blah. (I won't give it away, because I still think the book was mostly worth reading as a silly summer mystery, so I will talk in generalities.) Don't get me wrong, I don't need a happily ever after story at all, but this ending... Well, I am not a writer so I am not going to say this eloquently, but this is just how it struck me... It was very normal, it was very real, it's probably how life would go, but for me, that makes the rest of the book stupid. My job involves real life crime scenes and I can set that aside for silly spy novels and crazy crime dramas like Monk or Matlock and thoroughly enjoy them knowing that it is not real life and the dramatic ending, whether fairy tale or tragedy, is just part of it. But with this book having an ending so uneventful, that means it was trying to be very real and I just can't overlook all the things that just would not have happened that way. It's just to fantastic and dramatic a story to have such a blase ending. And even though I was warned about the ending from another reviewer, it still was shockingly out of place. kinda left a bad taste in my mouth, which was a shame, because I was riveted when reading it and I couldn't put it down.
Slow beginning...fantastic middle...let-down ending. I couldn't put it more simply or straightforward than that. Sorry to say, I'm just left feeling unfulfilled by the whole thing...
Gone Girl, eh? This girl is so damn gone I am seething with anger right about now!!!!! This was an outstanding book, and I guess you are wondering why am I angry? Plain and simple: The Ending Sucked! This book pulled me into its vortex portal hole that I hated to put it down, and I get to about 96% of the book praying it was going to end the way it should have ended, only to be so let down! You have got to be seriously kidding me? You can't possibly think this is the appropriate ending to this very sick and twisted marriage gone awry?Nick and Amy, the crazy couple. I thought perhaps this story was going to go like the War of the Roses, but this ending was much worse than their story! Gillian do you plan a sequel for this novel that sucked-me-in-only-to-let-me-completely-down?This book left me feeling like the day I went to see the movie The Blair Witch Project wherein it was critically acclaimed, much like this book, and I went to see that mess and I was so angry at the ending, I demanded the movie theater to give me back my money. I mean I acted a complete fool up in that cinema. How can a book be this damn good only to end this damn bad?This girl is gone and done--stick a damn fork in me! I'm just pissed! Warning: Read at your own risk!
Felt that it ended abruptly and certainly not realistically!  I feel a little short-changed after enjoying the earlier parts of the story.  No longer interested in seeing the movie.
It was so difficult and slow at the beginning that I didn't even want to continue reading it but it catches on with lots of twists and turns. The ending was extremely disappointing.
Had me engrossed and wondering what was going to happen for the first half of book. The second half of book went on and on with nothing new happening. Ending was very disappointing.
I found gone girl very very slow. It took almost half way through the book before anything happened. I knew she set it up her disappearance. I found the book boring and predictable.
I started this book out of my interest in missing persons cases and other true crime. This book has some mystery in it; it could have gone ""full Inception""  (which is what I was hoping for) but didn't.This is an alright book. I appreciated the last fifth or so. I liked the interesting ending; the last sentence or so saved it from being more shortsighted than it could have been.The mystery aspect of this book suffers from what so many TV dramas today suffer from: Any mystery presented could not have possibly been solved because you're not given all the information until nearly the end of the story. Compare the movie ""The Sixth Sense"" to any episode of The Mentalist. The former has a ""twist,"" sure, but it is masterfully embedded throughout the movie. The latter makes its lead character seem clever by giving him information and insight that can rarely be gleaned by those watching. This book falls into the second category.I feel like people read this author's other books because they like how she writes. There's a clever perspective switch that happens between chapters in this book, but I feel like that becomes blurred by the end. Other than that, I actually found the writing in this book to be pretty quotidian.
If you simply want great writing with a brilliant plot, this book deserves the cumulative forty thousand stars it's been given. Gillian Flynn is a master wordsmith; the phrases she turns are visionary and always fresh. This is four hundred pages packed with truly clever and poetic verbal virtuosity. The back-and-forth diaries are compelling.At the same time, the book is needlessly and relentlessly vulgar. Every kind of low and depressing sexual act is described; ""F words"" and worse abound in ways that are, yes, descriptive, but oh so unnecessary. (Distressing, because the writer's bio picture makes you think of someone you'd sit next to at church!) On top of this, the entire saga is completely amoral. The two lead characters have nothing about them that we can admire or even feel sympathy for. The final plot twists are not satisfying at all, with an ending that is abrupt and emotionally baffling, not to mention ludicrous.This is a tour de force in describing total depravity and narcissistic dysfunction; for that, the five stars are an accurate gauge. But I can't help but think that some redemption could make Ms. Flynn's writing so much more powerful and enriching to a world that needs ennobling literature.
Summary:  A wife gone missing, Amy.  Evidence of foul play points to the husband, Nick.  Husband spends a great deal of time trying to convince the media and public of his innocence, despite being caught in many lies.  The question throughout most of this novel is ""Did Nick kill his wife""?  For two thirds of the novel, it held my attention with that question.  One minute I was in Nick's corner, the next I was doubting him.  The story is cleverly written, building up the mystery, injecting some twists and turns; holding a steady pace of mystery through out most of the novel.  I particularly enjoyed reading the alternating chapter/perceptions of both Nick and Amy, which added more to the question of whose story was genuine and whose was fabricated.  The book is written in 3 parts; the first being the slow, long prologue, or the build up.  The 2nd part reveals the twists and turns which satisfyingly dismantles any preconceived thoughts you may have thought you figured out - which I enjoyed.  However, the 3rd part was completely disappointing, leaving me feeling void for what I consider to be a cheap, unsatisfying ending... a VERY weak conclusion...  The shift in a characters 'behavior' just didn't flow....  5 stars for the story.... 1 star for the ending.
The book is suspenseful, but I struggled the most with so many descriptions about mundane things throughout the book, plus it is hard to connect because I disliked so many of the characters.  I wanted a sinkhole to appear and swallow not just the main characters, but then entire town.It's one of those books that's hard for me to rate because it doesn't leave you with glittery butterflies. The plot is suspenseful and well written, it does get a little to much to swallow at times (urine stealing, vomit storing, fingerprints all over hidden packages), but your feelings about the characters change the more that you get to know them, and not in a good way. I found myself hating the husband at times, but then sympathetic or forgiving towards him, not because of his redeeming qualities, but because I found myself loathing another character that's out to frame him more than I hated the husband. Maybe a 3 or 3.5 rating, but I think the rating may skewed not because of the roller coaster. I can understand why some readers love the story because it has a well thought out plot, it has plenty of curves, but I needed someone to like, someone to root for in the end. I couldn't make a connection, and perhaps that's what the author intended..
I loved Flynn's clever and witty writing style and the way she alternated the story between Nick and Amy.  The author kept me turning the pages with her ingenious and suspenseful twists in the plot and her brilliant portrayal of a marriage gone wrong.  I couldn't put this book down and was enthralled by Amy's character development and the cruel ends that she went to in order to punish Nick or anyone else in her path.  Amy's diary was fiendishly shocking and clever and I would have easily given this book 5 stars for her writing but the ending was just so awful that I was actually ANGRY and DISAPPOINTED that anyone who can write so well as this author could have screwed up the outcome of this story.  Her ending deserves only 1 star.  While I was reading the book, I felt as if I was being taken on a wild joy ride only to arrive at my destination to find out that the place we were driving to never even existed.  I was loving every page as I went along but was left totally frustrated with the ending.  Flynn planned out the entire amazing story line but dropped the ball by not giving any thought whatsoever to the ending.  It's as if she got so tired and couldn't figure out how to finish the story since the ending was unreasonable and totally unsatisfying.
The author keeps you interested throughout the book, but the ending is a complete disappointment.  If you have time it's not a bad read, but I woulnd't make it your first choice.
This novel is really two books.  The reader has to plow through 200 or so pages of alternating chapters in which ""he said/she said"" verbiage sort of sets the stage for the second half of the novel, which is the real mystery portion, such as it is.The background first half introduces Nick Dunne, a magazine writer, and Amy Elliott, also a writer of advice columns.  Amy is portrayed as the subject of her parents' (also writers) series of books based on their daughter, ""Amazing Amy,"" and spoiled and rich (via the trust fund from the royalties of the books).  They meet at a party and then lose each other for moths, when a chance meeting reignites the spark felt at the first encounter.  They marry and lead a ""charmed"" life until they both lose their jobs.  In an effort to survive, Nick suggests they move back to his hometown, Carthage, MO, and then that's when it all falls apart.  On their fifth anniversary Amy disappears and Nick is suspected of murdering her.Like scheming Amy, the plot also is manipulative.  And the novel is very much overwritten and difficult to read.  The first couple of hundred pages probably could have been condensed to two chapters to set the stage for the real mystery [redundancy admitted], such as it is.
Enjoyed the novel and it's written style of one chapter from the protagonist's perspective, next from the antagonist's... Particularly since which character was hero(ine) and which the villain were not immediately discernible.  However, about half way into the story, the defined roles are shoved into the readers face and for the remainder of the novel, one waits for the villian to get their due.  Unfortunately, the reader never receives the satisfaction of a sense of justice and the novel abruptly ends, good and evil trapped in their respective new, old life/old, new life.Pedestrian summer read one can breeze through, but the opportunity for a climactic ending is lost to a weakness unexpected from the characters and author.  Frankly, never having seen the movie and getting through the story without another reader or film goer spoiling the end for me was favorable.  But with the ending, I was left to wonder why anyone would buy the rights to make it into a movie... It was hard enough to capture the images in text, I can only suspect the movie's best part was in casting a ""lesser known"" actress in the female lead, opposite Ben Affleck, who may make a better writer, director (producer), than he ever will be as an actor for me.
One of the most widely read novels of 2014, Gone Girl introduces us to several fascinating characters.  After losing his writing job (bc papers are failing) Nick recently moved back to the small town on the Mississippi River where he grew up. His wife, a New Yorker through and through, is definitely displeased.  One day, Amy disappears.  Nick is eyed. There are lawyers, the press, a scavenger hunt, a diary.  While there is certainly action, the heart of the book is more of a character study, a look at modern marriage, the lies we tell even ourselves, violence and, of course, justice.I found the psychological questions interesting but I’m a character-gal and, while rounded out and complex, the characters left a lot to be desired.  I don’t need to love all my characters, but some of these pushed me too far.  Further, I need to at least care what happens to the characters and I simply didn’t.  Still, there were intriguing “folds” to the characters that showed Flynn is a student of the human race.Three stars.  Not recommended for anyone too squeamish or who needs a book to have a hero and a rainbow.  Fits the mold of a psychological thriller and I don’t think it gives anything away to say it is something of a study in evil.
I decided to read this book because of all of the glowing reviews.  Even the bad reviews, most of which criticized the ending, mentioned that the writing was ""brilliant.""  This is what kept me slogging through the first three or so awful, horrible chapters with overwrought phraseology describing the inner thoughts of immature, narcissistic characters (there is a reason I have no interest in reading the diaries of teenage girls.  Perhaps the title of ""Gone GIRL"" should have been a clue).  I forced myself on to get to at least the crisis point of the wife disappearing.  Then it did get interesting for the middle part of the book.  But then, like ""The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,"" it kept going beyond the resolution, and was not particularly interesting or plausible at the end.  I would not say that the writing is notable and I wasn't so invested as to be let down by the ending.  The trunk of the plot was fine though the branches were uneven.  I don't regret reading it, as I did ""The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo"" or feel that ""There went X hours of my life that I'll never get back,"" as with the film ""Gertrud.""  In summary, it was an OK way to pass some time and I don't understand the glowing reviews.
I like the way the story is told, the ""he said"" vs. ""she said"" format is interesting and new. The language is vulgar, but so are the characters, at times. Flynn tells the story well; I just don't feel like the resolution was well done.For me, the story begs a few questions: Are sociopaths born or bred, and wouldn't psychologists have a clue about their own child? What's the real relationship potential for a couple like Nick and Amy? Does Nick's dissection of his own psyche in one of the short/late chapters sound plausible? Can you really buy a stolen car on Craigslist (with plates)? Is Missouri really that ugly and depressing (no, no, no!)? Did the North Carthage police department really botch this case (hmmm... I didn't feel they did)? Why call this town North Carthage when Missouri already has a Carthage (just me wondering how this idea came to fruition)? Is it believable that Nick and Boney could not think of one way to rig a wire tap and catch Amy in a damning statement (aren't cell phones made to record sneaky stuff like that)? Don't all hotels/cabin rentals ask for your drivers license when you book a room?Ok, those are my issues with the story. If you read it, plan for a fun ride, but an anticlimactic ending.
For the first 2/3 of the book, I would have given it 4 stars, but for the last third it would have been 3, so the actual rating is 3/12.  I was very excited to read this book as I'd read so much good about it and it was nominated for 2012 Best Book awards.  Ms. Flynn is a good writer.  Her story plot is very well-constructed and her depiction of Amy and Nick is very realistic.  The book is chilling too, as more and more stuff comes about each of these two and their ""perfect couple"" story.  This is a book that is difficult to precis because it would be hard to do without having spoilers somehow getting in, so I'm not going to do that.  I'm just going to say that the book starts out eerie, creepy and off-the-wall, but after about 2/3 of the way in, it becomes rather long and tedious, and the ending is not satisfying at all.  I totally had lost interest by page 330, but read until the end anyway just to see how it would end.  Would I recommend reading it?  Probably, since it has turned out to be an important book for 2012, and it is so totally different than most psychological thrillers.  Unfortunately, for me, it just didn't quite measure up.  When I compare this book to anything by Barbara Vine or Minette Walters, it's not in the same league.
My review is about the AUDIO version and the STORY:I never could get the time to read this and EVERYONE and their brothers seem to be reading it, so I decided to get the AUDIO version.  Boy, I'm I glad I did.  The readers for this book are OUTSTANDING.  Julia Whelan is the perfect voice for Amy.  Her inflections and certainb annunciations are my perfect vision of how Amy would talk and act.  As well is the reader for the part of Nick -Kirby Heyborne.  He captured this character to a tee.  These two readers alternate between chapters to tell the story from Amy and Nick's POV. I highly recommend the AUDIO version of this book.Now for my opinion of the STORY:  I HATED THE ENDING!!!  (Thus the reduction in stars).  I applaud Gillian Flynn for the concept of this book which is brilliant.  I think she took too long to bring this story line around.  She could have done it in much fewer words and still got her point across. I'm not going to spoil the story here by revealing any details, but I just really hated the ending. I do recommend this book... Just not highly but I really enjoyed the audio version.  I would have been bored reading this myself.... that's my opinion.  Can't wait for the movie to see how they butcher it.... !
I believe this book was too highly rated.  It left me with a ""down"" feeling, which I avoid if possible.  Life is down enough without reading books to make us feel even more so.
I saw the film first, which compelled me to go back to the book which I had purchased on my Kindle some time ago but couldn't get into.  I gave it another try mostly because I felt the movie, which was otherwise excellent, had been forced to leave out some of the exposition that would deepen my understanding of the characters.  I really wanted to understand how anyone could have been fooled by this psychopathic woman, who in the film clearly came across as deeply disturbed very early on.The book is cleverly written, and often a compelling read, but it isn't something I'm likely to read again.  Largely plot-driven, and outside of Nick's sister, Margo, and the female detective, it didn't offer much in the way of sympathetic characters, and little insight into human nature.  Amy was a truly despicable character, and I became bored with her shtick.  And there was nothing being said, or said in an original way, about the tabloid press, failed relationships, police investigation, celebrity lawyers, mob psychology, that hadn't been said before.I'll definitely watch the film adaptation again.  I preferred the ambiguity of the film ending, to the confirmation in the book that Nick was a fool and not worth any sympathy.
Wow, about 5 thousand reviews on Amazon; a raging bestseller, one of the 10 top books of the year according to Janet Maslin, and I am about to trash it!Shallowest of shallow characters. The vernacular is of the adolescent/Howard Stern type of vulgarity carried to an extreme length which makes people like me cringe. DoI have to delve into such sexual details that leave nothing to the imagination but throw up an aura of unbridled depravity?The story itself is partly interesting, one thinks of the recent cases of pregnant wives disappearing and it does hold its suspense for some time. The logicality of the twistand double twist (at the end) defy human emotions. I am not giving away the plot, but it's nothing new and has been done better. The supporting cast, in this case the sister, the flamboyantattorney, the parents are given the cursoriest of character traits that are not found outside of the usual trashy literature.Well, it sells. It's selling. I don't have anything against that. I can almost bet, twenty years ago, even ten, most top publishing houses would have not caused this book to see print without some drastic cuts. Lady Chatterly is finally vindicated: although that was sleaze with class.
Amy Elliott Dunne and Nick Dunne have been married for five years and are currently living in Nick’s Missouri hometown, but Amy pines for New York. The author does an excellent job deconstructing marriage and love, and we see how uneasily Amy and Nick’s marriage is within the first few chapters. Then Amy disappears, and the plot really takes off.There are probably spoilers ahead, because it’s hard to describe the plot or characters without giving a lot away. It’s a thriller, put together by a very talented writer, but it’s rather hard-edged and unconventional. There are many twists and turns, and the reader senses that neither Nick nor Amy is being completely honest. I found this to be a turn off. I need a least a couple of likable characters in order to completely get into a book.For many, the ending is a huge disappointment, and I agree with these people. For 3/4ths of the book, it was four stars all the way, and then the author leaves you with a one-star ending. The suspense does give way here and there because of the many digressions the author adds in. This is why editors exist.The book would have gotten four stars if the plot were slightly more realistic and the characters more likable.
The book left me turning pages frantically to get to the end. But the ending was so anticlimactic that I had to reread the last few pages to make sure I didn't miss something.
While I really enjoyed the book after it got going (the first 15% or so was dull and sluggish), I didn't think it deserved to be rated too high. There were several things that I found at fault, for me. There was a lack of vocabulary variety (several rare/uncommon words appeared far too often, giving a repetitive tone to those frequent passages. I also had problems with some of the choices of the characters in actions which I felt common sense lent alternate courses of action/reaction than the characters chose. I know not everyone thinks the same way as myself, but (important) things happened that were just way out of the blue. These of course were in place to further the author's plot line, but for me that very reason made the actions feel forced against the grain. The ending dragged on quite a bit more than it deserved, yet the content of the last several chapters jumped large gaps of time, only to backtrack in order to explain things. This, for me, upset the pacing of the storyline, giving a long-winded feel to a rushed cramming of the ending events. Despite my gripes about the book, I really did enjoy the read. I just think it was of average literary quality. I'll definitely be going to watch the film adaptation, though!
I was disappointed in this Novel by Ms. Flynn.I thought the story was too fragmented.The plot was too slow to develop and the writing style did not hold my interest.Thank you
Good book as far as keeping your attention. A little all over the place as far as the story goes. I could see it going in a different direction and being much more appealing.
It took me a long time to get into this book. I was not initially engaged until I got through the first quater, then it picked up. I Found myself reading it more consistently eager to know where the plot was going. But in the process I found the main characters too over the top and unrealistic at times. I did not like some of the authors word choices. It felt, at times like she scoured the dictionary to find lesser known words instead of going with the simplest which fitted the flow of that passage. As a writer myself, I found that she broke a lot of the conventional rules of writing. I wondered about the level of the editing even though I also found the writing to be very active, and filled with variety in terms of construction. All that being said I enjoyed about half of this book. I felt that there was a lot of unnecessary fluff (to meet a predetermind wordcount) which did not further the story that could have been left out . I had read that this book had a lousy ending. So I was anticipating that as I approached the end. Everytime I thought I'd found it I was mistaken. When i finally reached the end it was unmistakable. It was like she ran out of time. Maybe a sequel is to follow. Then why not a cliffhanger ending?
The author developed her characters so well I could identify with them, but towards the end of the book it seems like she ran out of steam and the ending really let me down.
What is the literary term for when an author strings together two-plots from B-movies and pretends it a new story?Well, that is what happened in this novel.  Gillian Flynn's writting skills reflect her time spent as a journalist.  She communicates setting and plot with the efficiency of a columinist which often results in telegraphing the plot.  For example, what type of women constructs complicated games based on historical cues tucked away in strange places?  Obviously, not a women who simply disappears (as in she has never done anything simplly in her life).Nevertheless, Ms. Flynn does an admirable job of describing the role of 'the girl who likes sex'.  It is akin to the depth of emotion she used to describe piglets being ripped from the sow's teats.  Both were enough to put you off sex and bacon for a long time.I think other readers will find the book a bit too long (one hestiates to use the word overdrawn).  Characters like these need to be allowed to kill themselves off quickly so that we can learn about the ones that actually might change during the course of the book.Pacey enough for airport reading but low on the 'Crime and Punishment' scale.djc
Reading Gone Girl is like watching a sleight of hand magician as the plot twists and turns.  I kept wondering whether it was supposed to be an exaggerated metaphor for the shadow side of marriage in general or a morality tale about how treating people as property or fantasies of our own making can lead to lies and abominations.  The ultimate depravation of the characters, Amy (as in Amazing Amy of the children's books that made her family wealthy), and Nick, the magazine writer who loses his job,  who seemed so hale and hearty on the surface, gave me cause to reflect on the ability in our time to ignore virtue and pursue self-interest through a labyrinthine path.  The story moves from infatuation of two self-aware and articulate yuppies  through the erosion of their fortunes,  their desperate resettlement from Manhattan to Nick's Missouri home town to build new lives, the difficulty and boredom of making a new life, infidelity, vengeance, and after the ruse of Amy's abduction and eventual reappearance, to their acceptance of themselves and one another.  It was a story of mutual manipulation and cunning, traits of the author as well as the characters, to which I sucombed entirely as i could not put the book down.
This was a fun read - it took me awhile to figure out the duplicity of the characters, but all in all it was a good book - I will probably read her other novels as well!
While the plot was intriguing my dislike of the main characters made it a challenge to finish this book. They were so pathetic it was hard to care what happened to them.
Yes this is a good read, especially as it builds, but call me old-fashioned,...the books conclusion, and ultimate lasting message, are deeply unsatisfying and, in lots of ways, unhealthy.As the conclusion grew more clear, I grew more irritated, almost to the point of calling it quits on the book even though I was 9/10ths done. Yes, we are in a media-crazed world where 20/20-like stories permeate the mass media briefly making celebrities out of ordinary, and often very un-deserving, folks. Yes, calculating, frighteningly manipulative people can be interesting to contemplate. However, I walked away from this novel with a bad taste in my mouth as it reminded me that such people can triumph, be celebrated, and move on with no memory of the past. Sort of like a movie where the obviously despicable lead character carries on for several hours with crazed, hurtful behavior to an ending where there is no resolution, no justice, and ulimately leads to despair as to the apparent invincibility of such a person(s). Of course it exists in our world, but do we really need to give such business any more of the spotlight than it already receives?
This book is so filled with unresolved hate and deception, I can't believe it became so hugely popular. It's a book I finished, and then wished I had never read at all.
I was first interested in reading Gone Girl last year (summer 2012) when it was being talked about everywhere. I downloaded the sample. It was well written, but not totally enticing. I passed on reading the work in its entirety. This past week I read that Ben Affleck was going to play Nick Dunne one of the two main characters in the movie adaptation. I thought, ""Okay, I will revisit this novel"". The idea of movie worthiness, plus being between books elevated my curiosityI read Part One and was ready to stop. It, Part One, is an excruciatingly long ""don't go in there"" moment. You cannot believe any one man can be that clueless. I'm no quitter, so I read Part Two that was more like it. The plot twisted and turned back on itself. I was getting very interested. Then Amazing Amy acted like a naive child, which she is not. This is a woman who lived and worked in New York City. Even the rich and pampered have more street smarts than Amy showed. I was really annoyed, but being the stubborn woman I am I persevered to the very disappointing end.Ms. Flynn can be an expert craftswoman when dealing with plot and character manipulation. I should have loved this book, sadly I didn't.
I just want to say that I really wanted to give this book a 5 star rating BUT I just couldn't due to the VERY slow beginning and the absolutely horrible ending. The meat of the book was great!! Through that section you were either team Nick or team Crazy Amy!!! The author really took time and created and developed these characters that you were like say wha?? WoW,I didn't see that coming. However in this I feel like she used up all her juice for the middle and by the time the end came it was kind of like a I give up ending!! It left much to be desired. I went from confused by the ending to oh my gah I might just throw my I-pad across the room and let the dog use it for a chew toy!! Okay that might be an exaggeration but I was really disappointed. The thing about it, this book I feel  should have really been right around a 300 page book instead of close to 600 page book. It seems like there was a lot of wasted pages on details that really didn't matter and had no relation to the story line. I think the ending might could have been better if this book had been cut in half. Okay so now brass tacks-- would I recommend it to friends and family--I would but with a strong warning!!!
I read this is about 30 hours, it was definitely a stay-up-till-3am-to-finish kind of book. I won't summarize the plot for you, you can read the back of the book. :) While I figured out the truth of what had happened to the wife within the first quarter of the book, there were still many twists I did not expect in the last three-quarters. A disturbing psychological thriller that I couldn't put down.One caveat: this book is full of swearing and what my mom would call ""gutter language."" While I see the power in a well-placed swear word to emphasize a certain mood or effect, there were so many f-bombs in this book that they lost all power and meaning. Really, when every character is using that word about every 6th sentence they utter, it becomes ridiculous and you start to gloss over it instead of it actually evoking any emotion or response in the reader.For such a talented author, I was disappointed that she couldn't come up with any better word to describe what was happening or how characters were feeling. Her editor did her a huge disservice by not reminding her that words only have power when they are not so overused, especially ugly words.
Let me first start this review with saying, I have been reading nothing but trashy novels for the past 4 months.  So, I decided I needed a change.  I kept seeing Gone Girl at the top of the best seller list and thought... I could get down with that. The book is told from two perspectives, Nick the husband and Amy the disappearing wife.  The first part of the book flip flops from Nick's present thoughts and Amy's past journal entries, which I really liked.  The book took a lot a turns and kept me guessing.  There were times where I thought I knew what was going on, but then I thought, wait is this just what the author WANTS me to think? I've read a lot of people complain about some of the outlandish scenarios that take place, that stuff didn't bother me.  It's a fiction novel, not an autobiography.  PUT ON YOUR IMAGINATION CAPS, PEOPLE!  Anyway, all that said the book was good up to the end.  I almost threw my kindle across my room.  I was like, ""WTF?!""  I felt like we had this great story and then no resolution.  I think this would be a better movie than it was a book. That being said, I still think it's worth a read...maybe just wait till it's on the 3.99 and under list.
The first half of this book is so masterful that it makes the second half feel like a tragic betrayal. I don't normally read crime novels, but the great reviews and wide media coverage of Gone Girl made me want to check it out. I was initially mesmerized. The subtle psychological elements, the genius way in which two very different--eerily, ominously different--portraits of the same marriage unfold, all make you feel as though you are in the hands of a formidable storyteller. You're aware that there must be a ""twist"" coming which would explain the conflicting stories of husband and wife, but when it does come, it is so profoundly silly and unbelievable that it unravels the finely wrought work of the first half of the novel. And it only gets sillier from there. The last quarter of the book reads not like a suspenseful thriller but like the script of some awful 80's made-for-TV movie.Such an incredible start, such a shambles of a finish.
Generally speaking, I didn't care for the plot of this book or for the characters who, I thought, were not likeable. As a writer myself, I found the changing perspectives of the characters confusing and annoying as it interrupted the flow of the story. I read this book more out of curiosity as I wanted to see what all the hype was. While I don't understand the appeal of this book to the general public, I did like some of the twists that occurred in the book and, unlike most people who read the story or saw the movie, I actually did like the ending. I thought the writer displayed a keen knowledge and understanding of her characters and what motivated them to do the things they did. While they were self-centered, dysfunctional, and without giving away any spoilers, sociopathic personality type(s), they were also complex human beings whose twisted lives and personas resulted in the types of actions they took and the type of ending that resulted.  Overall, I thought it a fitting ending for the kind of story the author wrote. Then again, if I had felt more sympathy for the characters, I may have desired a more satisfying resolution for them and for me, as the reader.
Excellent book....all the way up until the last couple of pages.  I'm still extremely disappointed in the ending so probably not the best time to write a review.  :(
I enjoyed this book until the end. It was well written with many unexpected twists. It was interesting to be inside the head of both of the main characters. It was strange to be privy to the thoughts and feelings of one character and then the next chapter you see how the actions and words were interpreted by the other main character. I don't recall ever reading a book that did this. Flynn did a very good job with this.It felt as I got deeper into the book that I was also getting deeper into the minds of both characters. Flynn shared their true feelings and thoughts in layers. The more layers revealed, the more wicked they became. I flipped back and forth between empathy and revulsion for both of them.It is an exceptional read except .... Flynn didn't finish the book. It just .... ended. I kept flipping through the credits thinking that there was a mistake in page placement and I would find the rest of the book. But no, the writer just stopped writing.That is why I had to wait several weeks to come back and write my review. I didn't want to write when I was angry.Read the book but be prepared for non-ending.
I read this for my once-every-other-year departure from my usual genres (hard sci fi, epic fantasy and graphic novels), and holy crap, now I remember why I have comfort zones.  I also wanted to know if the plot was as predictable as it seemed.  It was, at the core.Typical ""adult"" drama fair: unlikable characters, failing marriages, grisly crimes and broken dreams.  It's no wonder the anti-depressant industry is booming if this is what's popular with you people.That being said, I gave it three stars because the writing mechanics are solid.  It keeps the pages turning, is pretty witty in places, gave a clear mental image and knew how to keep the two narrative point of views balanced.  Kudos on the big ""twist"" in the middle of the book.  Not because it was unpredictable, but because the shift in diary writing style was impressive.Still can't get over the bat crap crazy plot and severely broken and stupid characters, though.  A good spoiler title might be: ""The Various Relationship Failures of Loser Mamma's Boy and Psychopathic Narcissist Woman.""  I'm not sure how this is enjoyable to people.
I really enjoyed this book until the last quarter of it.  It was an interesting format switching back and forth between Nick's and Amy's view points.  It really built, but was such a let down at the end.**SPOILER ALERT**Once Amy is robbed by the thieves in the cabin it just seemed so unbelievable.  It was as if the author got stuck at that point and wasn't sure what else to do with her.  I could have accepted the direction she was going once Desi hid her away at the Lake House if the twist had been that Desi DID keep her a prisoner for the rest of her life giving her her just desserts.  But, having her just show up at home with an outlandish story that the police never really seemed to investigate (other than checking his trunk), come on.  One is given hope when Nick and Go continue to meet and work with Boney, that answers will be found and Amy will be taught her lesson in the end.  Instead, however, we get a wasted section on Nick writing a book about his side of the story only to have him delete it when Amy holds her pregnancy over his head.  He basically just tucks his tail between his legs and lets her win in the end.  Ugh!
This best-seller starts off with alternating narration moving  between Nick Dunne in the first person, and excerpts from the diary of his wife, Amy, who goes missing at the start of the novel.  At first the reader thinks this is a modern twist on Agatha Christie’s classic “Murder of Roger Akroyd”  where the narrator selects carefully what to leave out of his narration in order to conceal that he himself is the murderer.  Some revelations seem to confirm Nick’s guilt, but we are not even half-way through the novel, so it can’t be that easy.And then there is a startling twist.  And another.  And another.Without giving away the plot, I can’t say a lot more about what happens. I can tell you that what begins as a  mystery turns into a psychological thriller more in line with Stephen King’s “Misery” than with Agatha Christie.  We get to know the two main characters intimately;  the other characters are pretty much useful plot devices.  The book plays out  like a chess game and left me affected about as much.  I admire the cleverness of Gillian Flynn, but I don’t think Nick and Amy are going to stay with me for very long.
The author slowly and meticulously takes the reader on a wonderfully plotted-out adventure.  Unfortunately, unlike the rest of the novel, which develops layer after layer, the ending slaps the reader abruptly, leaving disappointment.The first half of the book is well-written and interesting, but not very exciting, and certainly a book that you can put down from time to time.  However, halfway through the book, Flynn throws a twist out there that had me saying out loud to myself ""wow, this just got really interesting"".  The next 35% of the book is great as you fly through the pages trying to learn more and more.  Sadly, the ending left me feeling short-changed after the journey that I had been on.SPOILER (Don't read below if you haven't read the book):For the most vindictive person on the planet, how does she not at all care that two people just stole all of her money and thwarted her plans?  She gets back at other people in her life in such egregious ways, people who have wronged her to such a lesser extent, yet the author does not even reflect that this bothered her?!?!?  This was an unacceptable, poor divergence of character.
I just could not get into this book, I have to confess that I did not finish it, but speaking to others in my book club they did seem to give it a higher rating.
So many reviewers call this a 'good book' with no explanation. What really does that mean? Was it good because it provided them with an escape, or because they are fans of sensationalist journalism in the modern day media? This book is for people who stuck to the television during the Lacy Peterson investigation and trial. It tricks the reader into thinking they are smarter than they actually are.I finished this book in record time because, although I hated every single character and found them miserable and not worth of any empathy or second thought, I got wrapped up in the manipulation. I also hoped it would get better and was completely let down by the ending. The author does an expert job of exposing shattered relationships and broken people who are too closely bound to live without each other. I've not read a book where one can get so deeply into the skin and brain of the characters. It was so vivid at times that it made me physically sick, not because of gore but because of the raw emotion displayed. I am giving the book three stars for making me nauseated but this is not a book that anyone really needs to read.
Interesting!  Plot keeps your attention.  However, the ending was a huge disappointment.  It didn't seem  to fit,if you will, the well written story line.
A predictable book. An easy read. Nothing awe inspiring or majestic about. An average book with an average storyline that has all the twists & turns of a novel.
I had zero idea of what this book was about.  All I knew was that I was seeing the title EVERYWHERE, and for me, that means I need to read it.I sat huddled over this massive book, back bent, on and off for nearly a week.  After my free time for three days had been eaten up by the book, it felt weighty and a little confusing.  It was too much.  So I put it aside for a few days.  Then I picked it back up.I kept yelling out theories to my disinterested husband.  ""I'm telling you this now so when I'm right, I can have it confirmed!"" I said about four times.  I am usually really good at guessing secret twists.My first theory was right.  But as the book went on and kept taking twists and turns, I second guessed myself.What I could not have guessed was the ending.  What a horrific, confusing and dissatisfying end to such an investment of time and emotion.  I couldn't stand one single main character and their decisions baffled and angered me.  It seemed like a rushed ending that had been submitted to meet a deadline.Overall, the characters felt real and the writing was good.
I was glued to this book from page 3. It was gripping, suspenseful, diabolical, Amazing. Then...The ending. For me, a total & utter disappointment!
Good plot. Interesting characters. I am not sure why this was the slowest read in years. Could barely get through it. Kept falling asleep the last ten percent.
This is the first book I've read by Flynn. I won't be reading another one. I loved the premise: big city girl coerced by her husband into moving to a small, nothing-going-on, midwestern town, comes up missing--whodunit? I went in and out of caring about Flynn's characters--they are types and superficial, at best. The book is plot driven, and the plot isn't a bad one. But it reads more like a  movie idea--probably what Flynn had in mind. By the end, which was a cop-out to say the least, I didn't care one iota about the main character, Amy, and the husband, Nick, just gave up, threw in the towel, which seemed counter to his character (had the author presented Nick's want for a child in greater detail in the book, or his selflessness, I might have believed the ending. But Nick was selfish just like Amy, so the ending was underwritten and underdeveloped (like a movie)). When the book ended--I downloaded it on my iPad--I thought there were pages missing. I read it twice thinking I had missed something. Nope.No Great American Novel here--just a simple diversion for the weekend to keep you from mowing the grass.
Just finished this book and I am relieved it's over. It's a long, drawn out, hyper-detailed story about Nick and his wife Amy, and all their personal woes, psychosis and failings. Disguised as a whodunit, it's really just 400+ pages of woes, psychosis and failings. Amy's a vindictive sociopath who frames Nick for her (fake) murder after she finds out Nick's been cheating on her. In the end he goes back to her, letting himself be trapped like a fly in the spider,s web. The end. Three or four times in the novel Flynn refers to film noir. This is a book noir.Everyone who so far has given this book low ratings screams about the lameness of the ending. I agree, it's lame. We read books to feel a positive charge, not wallow in others' self-pity and lameness. But I did have to laugh when I read the ending. I somehow understood why Flynn did this. Will I read any more of her books? Probably not. And it's not because of Gone Girl's ending, it's because I think Flynn forces the reader deal with her own psychosis through so much over intensity and melodrama. One's enough for me, baby. I'm GONE. :)
I appreciated Flynn's attention to detail at every nook and corner. For me, it got off to a bit of a slow start but picked up steam to the point where I couldn't put the book down. As you read, you garner an appreciation for the amount of planning that went into the bulk of the novel and the psychology of the sociopathic mind.With the good, however, comes the bad. There really aren't any redeeming, positive qualities in any of the characters. This isn't necessarily bad, but when you reach the end you end up wanting to knock some sense into someone.The novel wove this great, intricate, head game thriller but fell completely flat when it came to the end. It disappointingly unexpected. With that being said, I gave it three stars because up until the end it was a good read, capitalizing on the sensationalism of true crime stories when it comes to the media. If it weren't for the ending, I would've given it a much higher rating, but it is apparent that the author was mentally drained. After reading the book, you can understand why.I would recommend it regardless.
I read this book with an expectation of suspense and mystery. In the beginning, that is exactly what I experienced. The premise, a wife gone missing on her five year wedding anniversary, had me wondering from the start. With the introduction of each new character and twist, I found myself trying to resolve the story in my head, anxious to read how it would all turn out. And then I got to the end and all I could think was, Why did you build me up? To say that I was disappointed is an understatement. The book flowed perfectly until the end, where it appears as though it had to be wrapped up and no real thought was put in to how the reader would feel with the lack of resolution or justice. I like to put a book down satisfied with the ending, whether it is happiness or sadness for the characters. In this case, I put the book down and thought, Really?I have three categories when it comes to my opinion on books: buy it, borrow it, or burn it. In this case, I would recommend borrowing it knowing that the beginning will build you up only to let you down by a severely anticlimactic ending.
He is borderline personality disordered and she is antisocial. They always find each other. Partners like Nick ignore reg flags and then cry victim. The insights Amy has are wonderful. She is as blind as her eagle eyes. Nick is a lazy, empty, pouty, constipated non person. The most interesting part of the book, and i do not think the author even understands this, is that they both chose to be more moral people to spite the other. I read a fantastic book about government mental health clinics called ""Fraud in Mental health"" by the Therapist that explained people like this clearly. I was confused about what was wrong with many people I knew who seemed intelligent and functional, but a few beers were missing in their six pack. Fraud in mental health explained it all and more. The client stories are hilarious! I immediately saw Nick as a passive borderline and Amy as a sociopath/narcissist. I never would have seen that before. If what Amy did is what has to happen for immoral people to become moral in order to bother everyone else less- wonderful. But the baby- it doesn't stand a chance.
I'm not the type of person who needs a happy ending and I'll suspend disbelief for almost anything, but this was totally disappointing. The first part of the book was very suspenseful and engaging. It starts off as an interesting intimate study of a pretty messed up couple with a wonderful twist, then it just spirals down into an uninteresting nothing at the end. After the first half it just slowly became less and less engaging until I really just didn't even care what happened anymore. All the characters seem to have just given up on life, except for the antagonist who is just criminally insane. I can believe that one or two people would give up and just let someone get away with everything, but beyond that it's just too much.That said, I listened to the audio book, and the voice actor and actress are really great. I got the Audible audio version for free via the trial offered an Amazon, so I'm glad I didn't pay for it. The three stars are for the voice acting and the first half which was a wonderful story. Had the book ended in the middle I actually feel it would have been 5 stars.
I can see how many were dissapointed with the ending. Some like their stories tidied up and and fully concluded. For me, this ending said the plot line's insanity would continue however you would like to imagine, and that's fully plausible.  As the book brings us through the highly dysfunctional relationship between Amy and Nick I found myself investing my emotions in the characters' daily dealings. Their parties and relationship details were hauntingly familiar. Even Nick's sister, Go, had a familiar comfortableness as if I knew her, knew her mannerisms. Investing your emotions in the characters of a novel, pulling for them, hissing them, is a sign of a well written work one would think. By the end though I found this to be a good novel. I would recommend it to anyone and follow up with a ""I really enjoyed it."" I fully do not agree with many 1 star reviews here.I'm not one to dole out the five star ratings for everything under the sun. The Sound and the Fury is a five star book, Crime and Punishment is a five star book. Gone Girl gets three from me as a book I enjoyed.
I am a avid reader of books. Currently I have a list of over 50 books on my wish list to read. I pulled this book to the top of the list because I had heard so many rave reviews. Frankly, I wish I would have left it where it was on my list. Don't get me wrong. There were parts of the book where I thought ""Finally.Here is the place where it is going to live up to my expectations."" But it never did. I am not going to include any spoilers, but if you need resolution in your reading material, this is not going to be a satisfying experience for you. There are so many unresolved issues, so many things that are never fully explained, it is like grasping at spider webs.You can tell the author was already thinking ""Yes! I am going to make this a three book series!"" before she even finished writing the final draft of the book.  The best way I can describe my experience with reading this story is it is like going to a five star French restaurant and being asked if you want pommes de frites. The meal comes to your table and the waiter places a plate of french fries in front of you.
I liked the book. It made you want to keep reading, but the ending was disappointing, sorry to say. I still recommend the book it was a good quick read.
The plot was great, but the writing could've been much better and the ending too.  It's worth reading, but I can't see what all the excitement is about.
I'm going to give a few disclaimers as to why this story didn't get more accolades from me...1. I got this as a free audiobook. I had only ever listened to one other, a much shorter book... And it was through this novel that I realized that I CANNOT HANDLE audiobooks. I get distracted while listening, or fall asleep, or mostly I can't bear that I can't blaze through a novel as quickly as I want. This medium holds me hostage to the pace of the reader's voice.2. Too much crudeness and vulgarity... And, I know that it probably is truly excessive when the girl who loves to think or say the F word multiple times in an hour, gets bored with it.I think that the plot and idea behind this book was brilliant. I love that Gillian gives you plenty of characters to hate. In all of her books. All kinds of antagonists with almost no protagonist. These characters are so flawed, so messed up, that you can't help but not like them. Well, at least that 's how it went for me.Were this not a 16 hour marathon for my ears, I may have enjoyed it more. Maybe...
I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would.  There was too much profanity.  I didn't like the ending.  She should not have gotten away with murder.
I enjoyed the book which was a great beach read, but I was not happy with the ending.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good mystery.
I started out really, really liking this book. It was somewhat predictable at times, but had enough twists to hold my interest. Then I soon felt like I was reading about the Scott/Lacy Peterson case ""ripped from the headlines"", especially the description of Nick. The characters got inside my head and I sympathized with both of them at different times...back and forth. But then the last third of the book started getting lazy and unbelievable. There were a few questions left unanswered, so what was the significance of the ""red panties""!? Also, for someone who was supposedly ""brilliant"" and almost 40, it felt like Amy's point of view was that of a silly, 20-something girl. So by the end, I didn't like either character and decided they deserved one another (no one else should have to endure these psychos), it was very ""War of the Roses"". I didn't really see the ending coming, however, it was not the climax I had anticipated. It was a decent, fairly quick read but now I will have to watch the movie to see if it turns out any differently.
A very different type of book, but it did keep my interest with all it's twist and turns.  Kind of hated the ending.  No one likes to be left hanging.
This is a good story but I did not care for the abrupt ending. If you like your stories tied up in a bow without any loose ends, this will disappoint.
This was a difficult novel for me to rate. I think Gillian Flynn is a wonderful writer, I've read all three of her books. She is commanding, relentless and talented. She grabs you and doesn't let go. That alone, is worth my time. I will always read her books.The characters are well drawn, but that is where it just fell off for me personally. I didn't like them. I couldn't stand Nick - he was egotistical, annoying and immature. His wife was a spoiled, selfish, manipulative woman, so in all honestly, I didn't care what happened to her. So, that is where connection was lost for me, I didn't really care how it went for either of them. To me, they weren't likable and I wasn't rooting for her and him. I thought they were both ugly people (not physically but personally) But that is where Flynn shines, I couldn't help myself, I had to keep reading.Having said that I would not steer anyone away from trying this. A lot of people have voiced displeasure over the ending and I agree, that it was very uninspiring.  The foul language didn't bother me.
Married couple Nick and Amy seemed to have it all - money, good looks, writing careers, and a ""perfect"" marriage.  When Amy loses nearly all of her money and they both find themselves unemployed, they decide to move back to Nick's home town and Amy uses the last of her trust fund money to buy Nick a bar.  On their fifth wedding anniversary Amy goes missing and Nick is the number one suspect.  The first half of the book alternates between Nick's point of view and entries out of Amy's journal.  Is Nick behind Amy's disppearance?  All signs point to yes.  Halfway through, the book drops a major bomb on you that changes everything.  I actually dropped my Kindle and gasped out loud - the twist is THAT huge!  I will say this book kept me guessing the whole time and it's very well written.  If this book had ended differently I would have given it 5 stars, but the ending was a major disappointment.  I had some pretty strong feelings about these characters and what I wanted to happen, and the ending was a complete let down.  I almost threw my Kindle across the room!
I thought the book  was slow and the ending mediocre..I could barely finish it.  I heard the movie was good but I doubt if I will see it now..
It's a mostly clever story of a wife who frames a husband for her disappearance and presumed murder. However, it's marred by a few flaws and a tepid ending.The writing switches back and forth between the viewpoints of the husband and wife. This is interesting but the problem is that they fail to significantly differ in patterns of thought and expression. It sounds almost like the same person.The wife's scheme and actions are extremely complex and it isn't believable that the police and FBI cannot poke holes in them, especially with the insights and information provided by the husband. The plot builds to a crescendo and then just fizzles out with an ending that lacks credibility (spoiler alert). If you knew that your spouse had maniacally plotted to destroy those who crossed her in the past, framed you for her fictitious murder and just killed the last person who offended her, would you live under the same roof?The reading is intriguing. But don't start it unless you're prepared to be disappointed in the end.
This book reminded me of certain movies that are excellent but which I have no desire to ever see again because they're so depressing (""Leaving Las Vegas"" and ""No Country For Old Men"" come to mind).""Gone Girl"" is a great twist on the classic murder mystery, with a victim who's not really a victim and the villain turning out to be the last person you'd expect. It's a well-written book, but not one I'm in a hurry to read again. I don't demand happy endings all the time, but I read books (and watch movies) to be entertained, not depressed. I want there to be some hope for the future in my endings, some lesson learned, some hint of redemption in even the most immoral characters.When I got to the ending of this book and realized the two main characters are stuck with each other for the rest of their lives, I thought ""You two deserve each other, so I'll leave you to it. Good riddance!""I gave it an extra star for the skillful look into two very depraved minds, but don't think I'll be reading it again anytime soon.
I really wanted to give this book five stars. With a slow start, it already was only a strong four out of the gate, and just dissipated from there. I almost put this book down after the first 70 pages or so, but people told me to continue on. They said the book became evil and dark, and I love stuff like that. Both of the main characters, Amy and Nick, are very unlikable from the get-go - and I get that not every character is going to be likable, but I still want to see some redeeming qualities. I also get that the characters pretty much had to be unlikable for the plot of this book. I guess it's just not my thing.I also feel like this book could be cut down by about 100 pages. There was repetition that I found myself skipping over.It definitely has some twists and turns that keep you guessing. There were things I didn't expect, and that did keep me turning the pages. It is definitely full of evil, like people had told me. I would rate it higher from plot alone, but can only give 3 for the reasons stated above.
This book has been reviewed so extensively and so well, I doubt that I can add much, except to say I don't think I've ever thrown a book down in disgust when I finished it.  But I did this time, and I felt that I had been ripped off by wasting so much of my time reading it.  I simply could not fathom why a good writer (and she is) would choose to end a novel in that way.  The only thing I could figure was that she wants to write a sequel.  But will anyone bother reading it after being treated this way?I will also say that I felt the novel was too long.  It very much strains the bounds of literary license by the end, as Amy pulls off criminal acts with such ease, and gets away with them, that I found myself muttering, ""Oh, come ON!""  The police are getting a bad rap these days, but these law enforcement officers are portrayed as the Keystone Cops, with the exception of the female detective.  And even she has no real khutzpa.  Gillian Flynn must have an editor, or at least get editorial advice...they both failed her.
I loved loved LOVED this book at least until the last twenty pages.  The entire book pulled me back, again and again.  I HAD to know what was going to happen next.  I loved and hated both Nick and Amy throughout this book, my emotions went up and down along with them.  I LOVED this book.  Then I hit the last twenty pages.I honestly have to say that it seems like the author gave up.  The ending was so dull, lifeless, and just plain horrible.  The writing style changed, everything seemed rushed and as though it was an afterthought. I almost feel like the author either a) ran out of time and had to rush something out b) go tired of working on the book, threw out a few pages and faxed it in or c) couldn't come up with a good ending and let a random child finish it.I hate to only give this book three stars, it deserves five.  However, everyone I have discussed this book with feels the same about the ending: It was a huge letdown.  It wasn't the content that let me down so much as it truly seems the author gave up.
I nearly trashed this book after only a couple of chapters but I persisted and read on. However, it eventually sucked me in like quicksand, actually more like slowsand as the storyline tends to plod along. Personally, I think there's too much detail in Amy's Diary and not enough action. Still as the saying goes...'revenge is a dish best served cold' and if your up for a revenge plodder, this one's for you.The second part of the book: quickened up and became a little more exciting as the two opposing parties went their own ways. Highly unlikely that Amy wouldn't have been recognised hanging out in a downtown motel for ages irrespective of her disguise. Who knows, people tend to see only what they want to see!The final part of the book: the pseudo rescue and being held against her will, followed by Amy's revenge and return to a husband who'd guessed the truth but had to live with it, scary.Slow, scary outcome and definitely not a trash can job.Can't give it more than three stars given its extremely slow start.
When I saw how big this was hitting the box office, I (of course) had to read the book first since I'm an avid reader.  The beginning, in my opinion, started off extremely slow.  Then, as the story line/plot picked up....I continued to feel like I was trudging through a book that could have been half the length.  I FINALLY made it to 96% on my Kindle just for the book to END.....Boom.  Cliff Hanger. No Ending.  No Closure.....ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!  I wouldn't have even cared if the ending  went in the total opposite direction of what most readers would have hoped for.Also, I got he impression from the beginning that the author is a feminist, man hater.  I get that the main character is supposed to be portrayed this way - but none of the male characters are ""likable"".  They all have woman hating qualities which I find odd.I'm off to watch the movie.  I'm hoping that the movie adaptation is better than the book....that's the only hope that I have left for feeling any find of closure toward this story.
This book is very interesting for the first half i hate it but kept listening cause i was on a plane with nothing better to do but about halfway it got much better maybe that is because i could relate to 'actual' Amy. If you like action books and dont want to hear a curse word every other words this is NOT, is NOT the book for you.(yes i repeated it twice to get my point across. I don't mind cussing here and there but in this book it's a little ridiculous. Also as goes for the action in the book there is none, and i love action so talk about a disappointing. It is not alll bad though. The author is very smart in creating the plot at first you don't understand some of the little things he does becomes part of everything. The plot and Amy are very dynamic. It was a good ending but the main character, Nick, is an extremely unlikable guy right from the beginning, and he is the main character. Shall i say anymoreToo long;Didn't read: would not spend your money on the book unless you have nothing else to read or listen too.
Most novels lean more towards character development OR plot, but Flynn is a master of both.  She takes the foibles of the male stereotype to the nth degree.  The sophisticated humor is spot on.  The plot twists and the suspense are also superb.  Up to the point of the exodus from the cabin, I was enthralled with the author's expertise.  From there (perhaps harkening back to the latter part of that other novel set in the Hannibal area--HUCKLEBERRY FINN--that also loses momentum at the end) I was disappointed.  The machinations of plot took on the unbelievablility of the absurd.  The reader suffers through the development of Nick as a character, and then the novel ends abruptly, as if Flynn got tired of weaving plot sequences and took an easy out.  A comic character (is that Nick?) usually is fraught with woes until the denouement where he is in some way redeemed.  This conclusion has no redeeming quality, no justice served, no satisfying finality.  Amy is a dark character who never evolves, never is outed.  Where IS a denouement?!
The snap-crackling pace and ""hipster"" vibe make this a ""gripping"" read - at least for the first half.  Nick and Amy are two main characters you'll love to hate. They're narcissistic and annoying. But that makes the disasters that befall them even better.  Nick's twin sister, ""Go""(short for Margo) is a sarcastically fun and acid tongued side-kick.  Rand and Marybeth, Amy's whackadoodle parents, remind me of Les and Les, the kooky upstairs neighbors from the ""Mary Tyler Moore"" show. Amy is either a social climber or a sociopath in a Tory Burch dress.  By the end you'll know which.Things rock along for a while.Then Flynn falls prey to that vast Sahara Desert of narrative known as ""the middle"". Even a couple of gimmicky plot twists can't bolster the sags. What starts out as creepy and clever devolves into a ""Lifetime"" movie by the end.  Oh well, gotta meet those deadlines. Right?I'll give it three stars.  It's entertaining. At the very least, you'll be in the loop at the next book club discussion.
Perhaps the author was trying to leave a sequel possibility open, but the ending was a let down compared to the contents of the rest of the book.
The book is compelling and the plot is clever, but it certainly falls apart at the end.  The final product is good, but it could have been great.
Loved the book in anticipation of an equally great ending that never happened---disappointing ending should possibly bring this 3-stars down more
First of all, I'm going to disagree with those who felt the ending was a letdown. In fact, it was perfect. Absolutely Twilight Zoneian. I won't give a spoiler here, but knowing a person like one of the characters in this book, the last chapter absolutely knocked me out. Sensational.Second, the plot twists and turns were amazing, and Flynn manages to pull them off. As soon as I found myself thinking, ""Oh, come on..."" Flynn drops in just the right amount of justification.This fits that cliche ""compulsively readable."" It reminded me of Scott Smith's A Simple Plan in that way. You keep thinking, No, it can't be, and then it is.So why only three stars, when Flynn is so obviously talented? Because of the sophomoric insistence on the F bomb. Please. Stop. It's not realistic and it's not necessary. It's a hip novelist's idea of what hip novelists should write. Very off putting.But if you can get by that, you might really enjoy this novel. If you liked Presumed Innocent, this is for you.
I bought the Kindle version of this.  First of all, I need to mention that there are quite a few errors in the Kindle edition.  Pages weren't lined up properly (so when I went to the next page, 3-4 lines of text was repeated, and once some lines were missing).  The errors were concentrated in the beginning of the book and didn't affect my comprehension, but it was still annoying.As to the book itself, it was a pageturner.  I read it during one day of Christmas break.  I saw the surprise in Book 2 coming, as well, but I enjoyed the plot devices and the twists and turns.  The biggest problem is the last third of the book, as others have mentioned.  Ok, fine, it's not believable, but I don't really think that was the author's point for the entire book.  It's a thriller, and I can accept it on its own terms.  The last third, however, does not hold up even in the world of the novel.  It ran out of steam and was disappointing.  I still found the overall reading experience enjoyable, however.  It provided entertainment.
I liked the writing style of the author in this book. The twists in the plot were very interesting too. It took a few turns that weren't expected, which I like in any style of book. I also liked that it was written from two different perspectives, switching back and forth between the husband and the wife's perspective. Therefore, trying to decipher whose story was true or not was an entertaining task. However, I did not enjoy how graphic it got in some parts of the book. I am not excessively prudish and I understand that it may have contributed to the overall story, but I just felt like some of the situations described were unnecessarily sexual in nature, but more than that, a base and depraved sort of sexuality that did not contribute positively to the quality of the book. Those portions of the book didn't cater to the ""cleaner"" style of writing I usually enjoy. It was an interesting veer off the course of my usual book choices, but I do not think I will be reading any more of her books, however well-written they may be.
I've been thinking about this book a lot since I finished reading it. It was one of those books I couldn't put down, and it drove me mad having to go to work instead of figuring out what was going to happen next. I think this is a great book if you like page-turning suspense novels. But there's a few things keeping it in the mid-star range for me:1. The characters really were all a bunch of jerks. I wanted to like some of them so bad, but all of them were kind of annoying in the end, which made them hard to connect to for me.2. The characters' names! Who in the real world is named anything like these people? Some of them sounded like they came out of the Amazing Amy books.3. I'm terrible at guessing where plots are going. Every predictable plot ever is lost on me. But I figured out what happened to Amy long before it was revealed in the book, which I think says something.4. I won't add spoilers, but the ending didn't do it for me.But regardless, it definitely kept me thinking about it.
Pretty basic YET interesting story line. Soon after, you are on a roller coaster ride. At first it’s an interesting ride, and you find yourself really engrossed, but then the book takes a turn. What’s bad about the turn is that you feel as though you wasted your time attaching yourself to the basic interesting storyline that you soon enough realize was kind of an unnecessary beginning, for where the book ends up. Mainly because you discover that a lot of the basic interesting stuff which is relateable becomes null and void.I’m all for twists and turns but this book felt more like the author was trying to deceive the reader while working hard to insult my intelligence more so than a twisted plot and story line. Aside from that, the characters which are seemingly well developed and clearly described become quite uninteresting as the story progresses. Mainly because you realize that the character development was shoddy and poor. Still worth reading but not the great book that I originally thought it would be.
Finally got around to reading ""Gone Girl,"" which has been on my Kindle since the book was first published. I had started it way back when, but wasn't in the mood to spend time with the two main characters (the husband and wife) who I could immediately sense were both very bad news - shallow and narcissistic. But the other day, when I heard the movie version was about to come out, I read the whole damn thing. Yep, the two characters turned out to be even badder news than anticipated, but I did find myself gripped in a half-amused way by the storytelling verve of Gillian Flynn. She's a very smart cookie; she knows her two nasty protagonists inside out (at least within their cartoon-like constructions), and she kept me guessing about how it would all turn out, pretty much up to the ending. The only problem was that well before that I'd stopped giving a damn. The best I can say for this wildly over-read book is that academics will have a field day arguing about whether it's misogynistic or misandristic. Whatever.
This book has left me in a quandry as I try to review it. There were many things I liked about it, most of all the style the author uses. I felt the author was, in a way, teasing her audience, using mind games. She uses the diary format, and draws you in, making you think you are discovering the character of Amy.  But it was all Amy's way of convincing us she was the ""good guy"" and Nick was the ""bad guy"". I thought this was effectively used to portray Amy as a controller, and, in fact, a bad person. So I enjoyed most of the book, but the ending was a huge disappointment.  The book sort of dropped off a cliff with no satisfactory conclusion. Also, by the end, I lost most of respect and liking for both main characters.  I really didn't care much about them as the book finished. Amy was crazy, bad, and incredibly strong.  Nick was weak, and I didn't feel he would ever escape Amy's control.  I also thought some editor should have worked with this author to make this book more satisfying. I think it could have been done.
This book has been recommended to me by countless friends, so I picked it up for my Kindle.  The beginning of the book is a little slow and, quite honestly, depressing, as it centers around the deteriorating marriage of the two primary characters.  The book juxtaposes the diary entries of Amy, the wife who goes missing in the book, and her husband Nick, who is dealing with the loss of his wife and the investigation surrounding her disappearance.  I will say that once through the initial entries about their marriage, this book takes a number of wild twists and turns that are both unexpected and entertaining.  After the first part of the book, the remaining two sections fly by and it's a book you can't put down.  That being said, I found the ending depressing and anticlimactic, and some of the details surrounding the storyline now seem unrealistic and overdone.  I enjoyed reading the book and would recommend it to others, but this one certainly left me wanting more given the high expectations my peers had set.
First half was a slow read..  Second part was great a nd suspensful but unfortunately the ending was terrible, unsatisfying and underwhelming.
One of the reasons I read ""Gone Girl"" is because I read that it was being made into a film.  I liked Gillian's ""Dark Places"" and I truly felt it would be much better to read the book BEFORE having my thoughts tainted by a film (I like creating my own mind characters.I really enjoyed the book.  I liked the way it moved.  Viewing two different perspectives as the book goes along really reminds one of the adage ""There are three sides to every story.  Your's, their's and the truth.""The pages turned quickly as I read.  I seriously could not get enough.  I knew there was a surprise to come, but I didn't expect it at all.  It was interesting reading a story where really, there is no good guy.  You feel a little duped at first, and really, that is the fun.If you like your story with some wrinkles and flawed characters, and I do mean FLAWED, this is the story for you.  You definitely will not get the warm fuzzies.  Still I liked how the book made me think.
I thought the writing was strong for much of the book. One of the tricky things with alternating first person main characters is creating voices that are distinctly different from each other, and the author did a good job of this.  She kept my interest throughout the book.SEMI SPOILER ALERT!!!!The ending, however, was terrible. At first, I just plain didn't like it, but then after thinking on it a couple of days, I decided that if it had been fleshed out a little more (it reads like her outline to the final chapters)it would have been better. While I thought the characterization of the main characters was okay, i think it needed to go a little bit deeper so at least we'd have some insight to why the characters behave as they did.I had strongly recommended this book to a couple of friends, and now I'm a bit embarrassed. But at least we'll have a good conversation of it.  And I plan on checking out the author's other books from the library as opposed to purchasing.
I have thoroughly enjoyed Gillian Flynn's books.  She knows how to explore the extreme darkness in people in such a way that you have to really shake it off after you are finished reading one of her stories.  I read a lot of mystery/thriller types of books and it is maddening when the story is intense, but the writing is poor.That is NOT the case with Gillian Flynn.  She is an excellent writer.I am still reeling from the detailed, twisted story she created in Gone Girl.  I was literally left speechless.  I've honestly never encountered such a dysfunctional marriage/relationship in literature before.  The major twist in the story was a huge one - and one that I did not anticipate.  I would have given this book 5 stars just for that twist.But, oh, the ending.  I turned the page after the last sentence and expected something.  Another page.  An epilogue.  SOMETHING.  I was so let down, saying ""wait - that is it? NOOO.""I still think it is a worthy read.
While interesting plot twists exist I figured the story out half way through. Don't know what I was expecting but I was mildly disappointed.
I really wanted to love this book all the way through.  I am unclear on how anyone could possibly give this book five stars.There are redeeming qualities to this books.  It's rather original and offers twists and turns you don't see coming.  The character development is great, you really get a feel for those in the story.But the characters are not likeable for the most part.  They are in the beginning, seemingly flawed and real but as the book wears on you find yourself not really rooting for anyone.I wasn't a fan of the dual narrative although it's important to the story so that you can see it all play out.And the ending.....ugh.  The ending was terrible.  Such a let down, I actually felt cheated.The book is not a total loss by any stretch of the imagination.  Again, I give Flynn credit for originality and quality writing.  But the story just drifts too far from reality about halfway through.I grudgingly give it 3 stars.
This is one of the better audio books that I have heard as far as narrators go. I appreciate the producers bringing in two actors to play the main characters instead of only having one actor for both the male and female narration.This book did rope me in. It was a roller coaster of emotions and opinions of the main characters. From previous reviews I knew that there was a big plot twist somewhere in the story and I spent a lot my time listening trying to predict what that would be. In the end I wish that I would have read this instead of listening to it. I can read a lot faster than an actor can narrate and I think I would have been happier if it didn't take so long to get to the end.Oh the end... it really pissed me off. I hated, loathed and fantasized about murdering some of these characters myself. In some ways it is a testament to a writer's ability to be able to elicit such emotions from her readers. However, I wish I had never read/ listened to this story at all.
While most of the writing flowed nicely, the author couldn't seem to make up her mind how she wanted the story to go. I figured out the ending by the middle of the book - but I kept reading to see if I was right b/c of the seemingly change of heart by the author.****SpoilersGone Girl is a confusing story - Amy is writing a ""back journal"", as in she is back dating 7 years worth of ""life"" stories all to pull off her year long plot to disappear. You would think if she spent 12 months planning out every detail of her ""murder"", then she would have thought out where she was going to live out the rest of her life... just in case she didn't go through with her drowning (which she doesn't.) I'm ok with the part that she is a typical crazy girl that crawls back to her man... but the little banter at the end was horrible. It was like the author wanted to end the book quickly... she could have added one more chapter where the truth came out and Amy was arrested.
Suspenseful and intriguing writing; especially In Parts 1 and more so in Part 2 of the book.  But I have to agree with some on Part 3 and ending of the book.  It seems the author ran out of steam on the story.  I had heard good things about the book and wanted to read it before the movie comes out.  This was the first book I have read by Gillian Flynn and it does not deter me from possibly reading her other books.  I heard the ending for the movie has been changed; so that may be a good thing.  It's not terrible how the book ended and probably more realistic in the tales of real life, where there is not always a tidy closure to a significant event in one's life.  But because the remainder of the story was so quickly moving along to conclusions, the ending was just a little out of the sync with the story that had been told up to that point (however unrealistic the scenarios was in many areas).  But I think will make a good movie and I will watch to see what the ending will be this time.
Based on the movie hype, this is about what I expected.  It is a interesting story line and was a page turner only to see what happened next.  That said, I really did not love the book because of all the psychological ""conversations"" that were used to explain and move the story along.  Rather than trying to rationalize the motives and motivations for the other characters in the book, I would have preferred to let the actions speak for themselves and draw conclusions for myself.  Although I felt compassion for him, I really didn't like him or his wife even less and less as the story developed.  By the end of the book one would conclude that the author believes that everyone has selfish motives that drive their desire to control someone else and that we never know the true person but know only the persona that is displayed.  Further, what is displayed changes from person to person based on what they expect the other person to want.  Hmmm...maybe Ms. Flynn was right after all.
... But this is one of those books.  I can't speak to the overall quality of the work because I couldn't get past the first thirty pages.  The two first-person narrators are so unlikeable, and their viewpoints are so whining and self-involved, that I just didn't have any desire to spend any more time with them.  Understand, I don't object to unpleasant or dark or troubled or downright evil narrators:  if I did, I couldn't enjoy Faulkner, or Chandler, or John Cheever, or Joyce Carol Oates.  What I object to here are two unlikeable, self-involved, whining, and UNINTERESTING narrators.  Both of these people are what used to be called, in the pre-irony days, total losers.  They deserve each other, and after spending thirty pages listening to their crap, I don't really care if he killed her, she left, he left, she committed suicide, he committed suicide, the father did it, the sister did it, or nothing really happened at all.  And this is the best selling book on Amazon kindle?  Sheesh.
As a mystery novel lover, I really get used to every part of the story being tied up in a nice package by the end. Not so with this one.It did keep me turning the electronic pages but it seemed that by the time the author decided where the story was going to go she just started throwing ideas against the wall to see if any stuck.SPOILER-For example, the cuckoo clock.  If the author is going to put that in the story and keep referring to it, then it really should have some other significance than a conversation piece.  Also, why in the world would the police let her get away with murder?This novel was, ok. Did it keep me interested yes. Was it written well, yes it was written well. The author did a nice job moving between the masculine voice and feminine voice. Did the book end in a satisfactory way? Not at all.Do I recommend this book? I would recommend it only to readers who don't LOVE mysteries and want an easy little read with not a lot of emotion.
Liked the story line. Kept me wanting to know what would happen next.  But will not read another Flynn book because of offensive language.
It was a fast read, but I figured out the book before getting 1/4 of the way through.  Maybe the movie would be better in this instance??
Good read that kept me interested but the ending was weak.  It was a disappointing finish to what otherwise would have been rated higher.
I wanted to read this book for awhile..but it was way too expensive on kindle. So I waited...and waited. And then the movie came out and I was so afraid someone was going to ruin it for me that I finally bought the book at a reasonable price. I couldn't wait to start. But now that I have finished I am terribly disappointed. It absolutely had some OH MY GOD moments where I genuinely gasped aloud. But there was a lack of sophistication that makes a good book GREAT. And the ending....seriously? And the ending is a difference of opinion between readers because THERE WASN'T ONE. All of that time and all of the twists and turns and it just ends in the most open ended lazy way. I would probably never read this book again but am open to seeing the movie to see if they could save it in anyway. I didn't feel any connection to the characters and some of it was just predictable and there for shock value. I mean read it if you are on the fence....just don't get your hopes up at all....
For me, Gone Girl was not a page turner. I think I was half way finished the book when the author finally grabbed my attention. It then became a page turner! I was absolutely shocked at the ending! I have Gone Girl:A Novel on my iPad as well as in book form. I read most of the book on my iPad, when I read the last line then turned to the next page to read more,only to find that was it - end of story! I quickly reached for the book thinking that perhaps the ipad/kindle edition didn't download completely. Unfortunately, that was not the case.Everyone in my Book Club was in agreement, the word shocked was said over and over. We discussed the book, we were amazed at how calculating Amazing Amy was, how cold Nick Dunne was and that it was unnecessary to use some of the language. Not one person in the club pronounced he or she enjoyed the book from start to finish.Maybe Gillian Flynn is writing a sequel. I hope she does, because this book disappointed me.
Nick and Amy Dunne. Golden couple, intelligent, successful writers with a Brownstone in New York. Then the recession hits and they are both unemployed. They move to Nick's hometown of North Carthage Missouri to take care of Nick's ailing elderly parents. With Amy's money they buy a bar. Then on their fifth wedding anniversary Amy disappears under violent circumstances. The story of their marriage is told by Nick in first person and readings from Amy's diary.These characters although well developed, were so awful in the content of their character it was difficult to root for either of them, unless you can relate to the wealthy, whinny, manipulative liars. In a book you need someone to trust, someone to latch onto but it won't happen here. The beginning of the book was so slow, long and drawn out I almost put it down completely. Although some readers may not like the ending, I thought it was the best part of the book. I just wanted to be done with these people.
This is a book which I find difficult to make my mind up about.  It was very slow to start and it was about half way through before it began to pick up speed and interest me. There are two main characters in the book and I'm afraid I couldn't entirely believe in either of them.  Nick struck me as a bit wet.  For someone in the position of having been a successful man, he seems to lose his way entirely after losing his job.  Amy, duplicitous Amy - maybe such a person could exist - but I doubt it.  It was a step too far for me.  I could see how her upbringing and the strange relationship with her parents could be damaging but without giving the game away, I can't explain what I found so unconvincing about her.The writing was crisp and engaging and I wish the story had been a little more convincing.  To me, it was an over-egged pudding.  I read this for my local book group and on the whole enjoyed the experience.  I felt the ending was rather nothing.  Pity.
I flew through this book, 1) because it was mostly good, and 2) because I have another book I'm dying to read. I should have stopped about 20 pages before the end and started my new book.What started as a witty, fast-paced thriller devolved by the end into a story that had me going ""huh??"" I think the author did not know how to end this book, had filled it with so many twists and turns that by the end she had run out of steam. That HAS to be the answer because who would let both of these characters get away with everything and settle for a sort-of happily ever after? As a reader, I do like my happily ever afters and I like the (relatively) good guy to ""win."" But I also don't need that if the writing is good enough to let the villain prevail. In this case, Neither of these options happened and we're left with a very disappointing ending. So disappointing that I don't want to see the movie and I doubt I'd recommend this book. Oh well.
Gone Girl is a very strange book. It took me a long time to get really into the story. I was not fond of the ending, felt disappointed.
It started slow but, then it got interesting. The ending was a surprise,  I would recommend this book, it's definitely not predictable.
Spoiler Alert;  I agree with a lot of the not-so-great reviews here. The twist in the middle of the book is surprising for sure, but the ending was disappointing and felt like the writer ran out of steam and had to come up with something to finish the story. Amy's character and the story line were just too unbelievable. I am more than fine suspending my disbelief, and I know thriller fiction isn't always meant to be believable or make sense, but overall it was just a little too ridiculous. The meticulous, long thought out details and planning of Amy didn't logically come together full circle and be explained away satisfactorily by what happened at the end. Psychopaths are supposed to be crazy, so I guess it's acceptable and gives a carte blanche for Amy's character to act, say, do, or change her mind with whatever she does with or without apparent reason but it leaves the reader scratching her head saying, WTF? I guess that's what makes crazy crazy.
I had trouble putting this book down despite the fact that the story is dark. The writing is that good. I found it impossible to get a handle on the Amy character, a crazy woman, a sociopath impossible for me to figure out. Her personality jumped this way and that. She was pure, cunning, and evil inside out as well as being  a near genius, a lethal combination if ever there was one. Nick's personality and actions, although a saint he ain't, was easier for me to understand. His dysfunction was caused by a traumatic childhood ruled over by a brutish father. The way Amy and Nick interacted makes for an absorbing read, however. Personally, I enjoy more levity even in a thriller. I liked the way the chapters alternated between the protagonists. It helped me get through the hellfish labyrinth created by the sociopath and the dysfunctional . This is not my favorite genre, but I clearly recognized the excellence and originality of this lengthy body of work.
Admittedly, this if the first book by Gillian Flynn I have read. I will go back to read her previous two novels as well. She is a good craftsman, with a fast-paced, detail oriented and quirky writing style that is perfect for the suspensful plot. Nick Dunn and his wife Amy have had to give up their ideal yuppy life in NY to move back to his childhood home in a dying Missouri town to care for his dying parents, where he opens a bar with his twin sister. Infidelity, possible murder, and a very thoroughly planned revenge are developed in three sections of the book, told by his and her points of view.Brilliantly constructed, real, intriguing characters, and a break-neck pace does end without satisfaction we really hope for, as is pointed out by many reviewers, but Flynn is the writer, they are her characters, and if she wants it to end that way, so be it. It may not be how it would end in a slasher movie, but it does work when you think about it.
The story was good yet a little unbelievable. The first half of the book dragged. The second half of the book was a much faster read.
GONE GIRL has a great set up- A wife disappears on her 5th anniversary and the husband goes from object of concern to object of suspicion in quick order. We see the husband's dilemma in real time as he contends with the police investigation that aims squarely at him and then the readers gets to see the wife through her detailed and heartbreaking journals as she writes of the slow and painful dissolution of her marriage and her valiant attempts to save it. As the mystery unravels the reader does get delightfully entangled in the ""Did he or didn't he?"" concept. Then the big reveal hits and its a good one that I didn't see coming and I was intrigued to see how it would play out. But my problem with the novel starts here as Flynn doesn't pull off an ending that matches the quality of what came before. The plot starts to meander as one far fetched incident after another bog down what was an excellent idea into a book that is ultimately disappointing.
At first Amy is a little hard to like so syrupy sweet for Nick.  Then after 103 pages, the story really starts to get very interesting.  A few twists I didn't see coming.  I was hooked and thought this is a great story unpredictable.  Warning: Making some comments about the end.The main characters paint themselves into a corner and I was waiting for a brilliant unexpected ending that doesn't come or pay off.  I'm a huge fan of the X-Files which hardly ever gave answers or complete endings and I was fine with that. But the author has Amy cover all her bases so well I was waiting for another unpredictable twist and left with - ok is there a sequel to this?  I liked picturing Ben Affleck as Nick and watched the trailer a few times.  I read Gillian Flynn wrote the screenplay for the movie and changed the end. Now I'm very  intrigued to see if she realized the open end wasn't satisfying and comes up with a slam dunk finish.  We'll see.
I wasn't overy thrilled about this book. I have read other books by Gillian and have enjoyed them,  just couldn't get into this one.
I read this because everybody said, ""Good read"".  I stuck with it for the same reason.  But I did find it slow and too long.
I finally got around to reading Gone a Girl, all the rage maybe what? Two years ago? Last year? It was exactly what I needed right now: an easy, quick, fast-paced, well-plotted read with a handful or two of provocative ideas or turns of phrase. It is as if she started with a self-help book about divorce ( how couples lose trust, and disconnect) and built a missing persons/murder mystery on top. She takes archetypical ides like, ""How well do I really, really  know my spouse?"" and takes them to their logical extreme. There's no single point in which we are forced to suspend disbelief. Rather, we wake up with the characters as they find themselves in situations increasingly ludicrous on the way to logical extremes. To me, it is Nick 's story, even though alternate chapters are journal entries written by his wife. The back-and-forth device could have been annoying, but wasn't. No great literary achievement, but a good, quick read.
I was going to give this book 5 stars... that is until I got to the end. Flynn leaves you utterly hanging. Really miffed right now.
I was SO into this book until about 90% through where I was wondering when the heck it was going to end. And that ending was awful!
Did Not think the last third had the quality of the first 2/3's.Kept your interest throughout.Didn't like ending.
For the last few months, I’ve seen Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl lauded in lists of the best books of the last few years. I’ve seen the buzz about the movie adaptation due out later this year and that Flynn, who is writing the screenplay for that film, is rewriting the big twist ending so that the film will be able to surprise even those who have read the book. I was intrigued and the waitlist for the library also promised a highly regarded page-turner. And while it was undeniably well written, I was ultimately underwhelmed.On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne’s wife, Amy, vanishes from their home. In the days that follow, evidence piles up which points to Nick having murdered and disposed of Amy. Told from both Amy and Nick’s perspectives and jumping back and forth in time, Gone Girl becomes an examination of our true-crime obsessed and media driven culture.For the full review, please visit my blog:[...]
You know when you read a book because a friend recommended it, and you want to be able to participate in cocktail party banter so you go ahead and read the dang thing, questioning yourself the whole time why you are reading it? This is one of those books!I liked the way the author wrote but I did not enjoy the long digressions. I almost gave up a few times. I didn't like the husband, and his arc was obvious from the start, so reading about him chapter after chapter was a total bore. When the story finally started about 8 chapters in, 6 chapters too long, it was a better read, however super predictable. I guessed the ending about a paragraph in. That was super annoying, all that work to trudge through the beginning just to get to the main guts of the story that had been hidden because the plot was so simplistic. Next time a friend recommends a book I'm getting a synopsis online. I will find my own books thank you.
I've been meaning to read this book for a while now, and wanted to get to it before the film came out.  I really enjoyed the storyline, as I'm a big fan of true crime, and programs on Discovery ID.  This story just reminded me of one of the stories you would hear on dateline or something, and I was interested how the characters would play out.  The suspense was awesome, and just when you think you have the characters down, you get thrown for a loop mid-way through...then you're just left guessing where this is going to go.  The lines are blurred between good guy & bad guy.  I admit there were points that were a little too far fetched, but this is fiction!  I would've given this read 4 stars + until I reached the end.  I just didn't buy the way it turned out, or the lack of finality.  There was definitely a question hanging at the end, and I wasn't happy with it or the ending it implied.  That said...it was still a good read.
Interesting, but the ending ruined it for me.  If it's all about the ending for you (as it is for me), you might be disappointed.
Hate hipsters? Hate rich people? Hate New Yorkers acting like it's up to them to set the trends of culture? Hate how technology is ruining everyone's lives? Not much of a fan of happy endings? Then ""Gone Girl"" is your book. Nice read over a weekend and definitely well-written, but the crime thriller aspect of this book drags it down into the mud in a way that almost made me put it down. If it weren't for the brilliant insights into marriage, family, fame and money peppered throughout the book, I would have. This is the kind of book designed to mask the brilliance of the writer, and I'm not really sure why Gillian Flynn didn't just write a series of essays. I guess everything in this world has to be wrapped in a sugar pill to be swallowed, but I personally would have much preferred skipping the fluff and getting right to the goods. However, if crime thrillers are your bag, then by all means, sit back and enjoy.
**CONTAINS SPOILERS***  I read the novel after a recommendation from a friend, I really liked the idea of two different narrators, I did not feel the writer went deep enough in the psyche of both characters, although she was better painting the picture of Amy better than she did Nick. Description of the  settings was good, and convincing, Life in New york City was not good anymore, so they moved to nobody-cares Missouri, again though, the suffering of the self-centered, rich girl, bitch Amy in NYC was not depicted enough. The plot was amazing in the first part, intriguing, page flipping thriller; and I think part 2 was a shocking revelation for me, but that put an expectation of a more shocking ending, which unfortunately the writer did not deliver, actually the end was so bad I did not expect it. All in all, it is a readable novel, and I would recommend it with hesitation, but I am definitely not reading it again.
First, I will say that Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer, and she crafted an intricate, surprising and intriguing plot.  However, I only give it 3 stars because it's a mean-spirited book, with cruel, unlikable characters. Usually I don't want a well-written book to end, but I was looking forward to finishing this one so I could be done with the pyschoses of the characters and start something new. That's just my taste, if you like seriously disturbed people in your books, this is for you.  I've read a lot of reviews with readers saying they didn't like the ending - I think the ending was actually well done. Yes, it was somewhat unsatisfying, but I believe she did that purposely - the characters aren't satisfied with the way things turned out in the end, so the reader isn't either. It's consistent with the rest of the book and appropriate.Flynn has talent - just brace yourself that the book is disheartening.
First 2/3 was wonderful. I think finding an exit strategy was difficult. The last third suffered. But the first 2/3-- brilliant!
Horrible ending. Completely left me hanging!  Remainder of book was interesting. However, some of that plot was hard to believe.
Hummm.  When I was in the middle of reading Gone Girl, I was recommending it to everyone I knew, sometimes unsolicited.  It was such a page-turner!  The anxiety and need-to-know what happened were almost palpable.  But at about 2/3 of the way through, I got tired of being anxious and, while I still wanted to know what happened, I was beginning not to care.  I had read reviews so I was somewhat prepared for the ending (which was frustrating to say the least).  I read that the ending will be changed for the movie so I'm hoping for a more satisfying one but, since the author of the book wrote the screenplay, I'm afraid we're in for another twist.  (After you've finished the book, do a search for ""Gone Girl alternate endings."")  All this negative having been said, I still plan to be first in line on Oct. 3 when the movie comes out.  So it looks like I'm still recommending it, just not so enthusiastically.
When i started reading this book, i wondered where it was going. Boy meets girl, both writers, ordinary middle class life, and i thought, I read it all before. I was told to keep reading by others who has read it before me and the point would come to light. After the first few chapters it did! I was hooked into it immediatly. Seems he's not such a nice guy at all, particullary according to his wife, who is called ""amazing Amy"". She is high maintanence and her revenge is going to be the most amazing thing ever! Sure enough it is. He finds himself in a nasty situation, so that he has to beg forgivness from Amy, so she can rescue him. Good interesting, detailed, stories of things that had happened in the past in their lives that blend in well with the story. Gripping reading till almost the end. I was waiting for some sort of justice to be done to the real villan in the story, only to have it fall flat.
I wanted to love this book. I was so taken in by the beginning, it was perfect. Two parallel narratives of two characters you could almost like, but found yourself waivering. It felt like reading Daphne DuMaurier's ""Rebecca"" all over again, the suspicious husband and the perfect wife everyone loved. It could have been a great story with an ambiguous ending that stuck with you forever, but the author went in a direction, that while interesting, was not the mindblowing psychological thriller it had been made out to be.All and all it is a good read, that will keep you hooked until the ending, but this is my problem in general with Gillian Flynn. She is a great writer, she is engaging and sets up a wonderful atmosphere of suspense, but her execution always falls short at the end. She had a wonderful idea that seemed to get convoluted in the process of trying to make some deep psychological point.
When I started reading this book, I thought I was going to really like it.  It did hold my interest and I was anxious to find out what happened.  After a bit of a slow start, it was really interesting, his side being told in a chapter written by the husband, then her side being told in a chapter written by the wife, kind of like a he said, she said story. For a while I couldn't decide who was telling the truth but it became apparent as the story continued. At times, I felt really sorry for each one of them.  Nick was basically a good guy but Amy was crazy almost from the beginning and I almost hated her.  I was very disappointed at how it ended. I thought it didn't make sense for all that had happened to each of them for someone to not have to pay, but I guess both of them paid in their own way. I honestly thought the ending was stupid. I don't regret reading this, I just wish the ending was better.
The beginning is slow, the middle is addicting, I couldn't put it down, but the ending was...meh...read it for a fun, lazy day
Gone Girl is about a disintegrating marriage and the thin line between love and hate.  Amy, the unhappy and bitter wife goes missing on the day of her fifth wedding anniversary. Nick, her husband,  who is strangely calm about the whole situation is the prime suspect.This book was an incredible disappointment. Maybe I expected too much after reading review after review about a great plot twist. The writing is good in most parts especially in the first part of the book but good writing can't save this book from weak characterization. All the characters speak in the same bitter and angry voice which makes for bland and boring reading.I will give Flynn credit for painting a frightening picture of a woman scorned and for showing realistically how quickly a seemingly loved-up couple can become each other's worst nightmare. A warning to all readers though - don't believe the hype!
I did not read this book for a long time because I read a lot of reviews complaining about the ending.  There is nothing I hate more than reading a good book with a displeasing ending.  This book did not turn out to be that because it was just an okay book with an okay ending.  I think it helped that I was prepared for a bad ending.  This book took a long time to pick up.  I was 47% through before the plot finally began to unfold.  When it did the book was just okay.  The beginning was hard to get through because the author was doing a lot of character development, which I did not need.  Sometimes the mark of a good book is that it leaves an impression on you, good or bad.  This book did not leave an impression on me.  I feel the author led you to the ending she wrote.  I read this book out of curiosity.  If you are curious like me I would recommend looking for something else.  It's not worth it.
The story of Nick and Amy, told from both viewpoints which I really like, especially when those viewpoints clearly illustrate that someone isn't telling things the way they really are. Immediately I was looking for clues, searching through the half - truths and lies. Amy goes missing and Nick, her husband, is under suspicion. As so many reviewers have already said this book is a great page turner... it is.And yet it was hard for me to care about this pair; I rooted first for Amy, then for Nick, but, pretty soon for no-one.I say I didn't care, but I did want to know what happened to this pair who wholeheartedly deserved one another. The end seemed so implausible that maybe, in the skewed world of these two it was what might really have happened.I really enjoyed the writing and will read more from Gillian Flynn but I hope to like at least one of the characters a little next time.
The book was a fast read and an exciting race to get to the answers, which were skillfully held back, then dribbled out, with one mis-directed clue after another in a tantalizing display of author control.  Just about everything that can be said about the book has already been said.  I will just add, that creating the calculating Amy was inspired even though it's hard to imagine someone so filled with malice that she can create 152 entries of a false diary using 32 different pens to do it, sustaining that malice day in and day out during the diary's creation. I don't know anyone like that, I don't think. I thought the ending was a bit under-whelming and perhaps a little contrived. After all of the malice, mayhem and murder?  Really?  Still, I enjoyed the ride through an unusual tale of ""how she dunnit"" and as a writer, can appreciate the skill involved in maintaining that level of suspense.
The ending made the whole novel fall flat!! The plot did keep me interested, but the characters' problems remained unsolved.
Gone Girl"" was the first novel I read by Gillian Flynn. The characters are not people you root for that is for sure and they are very complex. While I do not read a lot of mystery fiction and would like to read more, this book did have suspenseful parts, but I agree with a lot of other readers in saying the ending was unsatisfying.  Ms. Flynn is a detailed writer and makes the characters very in depth. I do think some parts of the book were unrealistic, but also made the plot more interesting. I have to say most of the characters do leave a bitter taste in your mouth. I'm interested in how other people who have read this book digested the ending. Is it an amazing book? No. But it's an intense psychological read for those who enjoy that type of mystery. I'd recommend ""Before I Go to Sleep: A Novel"" by S.J. Watson, instead of this book, but I would not discourage anyone from reading it.
My goodness what a read! I have read Agatha Christie and Sherlock Holmes as well as some other good mystery writers, and I have very little experience with thrillers and horror. I have to say that Gillian Flynn kept me interested and wanting to know what was going on, but it was like watching Dateline on TV. I don't like the subject matter, but I can't seem to look away. I didn't like or care about ANY of the characters. In fact, I found the whole thing quite disturbing.This is a very dark and sad tale, with a very jaded eye on our sound bite society. There was no light at the end of the tunnel, no HEA, no hope. The whole thing left me feeling down and sad. There is enough of life to do that. I don't want it in my reading. The writing is great, but I took stars off for how the book made me feel. If you are at all squeamish, or if you hate F bombs, you won't like this book.
For most of the first half of the novel, I wondered what all the hype was about. I felt that I was supposed to fall in love with Amy, but instead I found her immature, shallow, and self-centered; I felt no suspense about whether they'd find her because I frankly did not care what happened to her. In fact, none of the characters were all that likable. I figured out the affair well before it was revealed and hoped the rest of the book would not be so predictable. The prose was beautifully written, though, and I reread certain passages just because they were so poetic. At times this beauty of language made the dual narratives seem too alike in style, although there is a significant shift midway through the book. That is also the point where the plot twists begin and the book really takes off. Overall, I'm glad I finished it but am unsure whether the last half makes up for the first half.
I feel that contemporary authors are competing to push the envelope.  I think that this book was well plotted and developed.  However, so many current books are so coarse.  I find it hard to believe I'm so far out of the mainstream.  I realize I'm part of a generation that would like to think of itself as kinder, gentler. I also know that is not necessarily true.(I'm 75, but I have 5 of the grandchildren in college, so I'm not entirely in lala land.) But, does the language now have to be so explicit?  The fact that the author doesn't want her son to read the book until he is a certain age, indicates to me that she has her own reservations.  Do editors insist on all this sex and R rated language to sell books?  This is the first review I have written.  Obviously, I liked the book enough to express my thoughts.  Would I recommend it to someone to read?  Unfortunately, No.
a really good writer but the ending was a disappointing lack of imagination almost like she just wanted it to be over with.
Gone Girl is definitely different than your average suspense novel. I found myself shocked and couldn't believe an author could think of such things.I'm not sure I can say much about the plot without giving anything away. I really liked where the author was going with this. She had really great moments of writing in the book that really took it to another level.There were lots of times I was finding myself skipping whole paragraphs because it was useless information. There were times I was completely annoyed with the author for saying things like, take care of me and her, that's the way you are supposed to say it. (that isn't an exact quote, but you get the idea) I really don't care about stuff like that.I was really shocked with how the book ended. I'm not surprised by what Amy did, but the ending of the book in general. I can't explain it without spoiling it.
The first part of the book was painfully slow in many parts and I forced myself to push through based on many of the reviews that said the second part would be better. It definitely was. The second part picked up and kept me captivated all the way through. There were some unexpected twists to this story, which made it good. For awhile. The third part was also good however all the time and interest put into this book felt for not. The end was HORRIBLE. It didn't have to have a happily ever after ending, or an ending that we all wanted (you all know you didn't want it to end that way!) but it felt like all this incredible build up and a quick let down. I kept turning pages expecting I had missed something. It almost felt as if the author ran out of steam and just quickly wrapped it up to get it over with. Is it worth the read? I don't know. You'll have to decide for yourself.
I didn't like this book. The two main characters are writers and they tell their story in the first person.  The bloated egos of these two people is evident.  Their verbal gymnastics makes it a difficult read at first.  Both are showing off.  They fill their stories with smug self-deprecating remarks to let you know that they are smarter than you.  Perhaps that was the author's intent, but it irritated me.The plot line was excellent until the conclusion, full of twists and turns, but it bored me.  I am sorry. I am looking at the raving reviews and am wondering what I missed.I think part of the problem is neither character is likeable. Again, this might have been the author's intent. Their lack of likeability is part of the plot.The ending seemed rushed and for me it fell flat.I gave it three stars, because of the plot.
This book is just creepy. I almost stopped reading it several times. I made it to the end, but it was not worth the time.
This book was recommended to me by an advocate reader like myself so most of her recommendations are always good. This time around we figured out the difference in our reading type because she seems to LOVE the book yet it was a very slow read for me. I almost did not continue to read it when I got 305 in but she encouraged me to pay attention to all the details and keep reading. So I did because I hardly start a book and not finish it just to say I read it. Again the plot was built too slow for me and had the book at a better ending it would've been worth the slow build. The ending was horrible. It is like she was strategically thinking throughout the book then all of a sudden ran out of time to finish it. I did give it a 3 because it was strategic in that it keeps the suspense going. I could not tell who did it for a while. But I would not recommend this book.
A more or less believable relationship is developed in the first half of Girl Gone, after which the reader is given a vaguely believable abduction and manipulation story. After a slow beginning, the novel reaches an exciting middle before slumping again to reach a less convincing ending. Nick and Amy have had an intense relationship and marriage in New York, but things begin to go downhill as they both lose their jobs and return to Nick's Mississippi home town. Then one day, on their anniversary, Amy disappears. Has Nick disposed of her, or is he being set up? The problem is that one of the protagonists does something not entirely believable at a key turning point in the plot. The character follows the needs of the plot rather than the other way around, breaking a cardinal rule of writing. Altogether, I found this full of promise but ultimately disappointing.
Very very slow start. Not a great ending. Some twists and turns along the way, but all in all did not hold my attention.
Many twists in this story you can not tell what is going to happen next.  You think it will go one way but goes another.
A Psychological Thriller where the protagonist is easy to love and easy to hate. You get a roller coaster ride of her psyche right along beside her with twists that reach the depths of insanity. Amy is dead. Murdered by the hand of her handsome, broke, cheating husband or someone with a more sinister reason? By page 32 I was bored but determined not to feel a sense of buyers remorse and give this 100 pages to capture me. Page 101, I had to check previous reviews to make sure I wasn't reading a romance novel by mistake.Midway, Part Two, I was hooked and loving poor Amazing Amy only to soon hate her beyond belief.The author does a wonderful job of scene setting description but lacks in secondary character development.No spoilers here, the ending is something you would never expect and you will close the book either angry or thankful for the ride.
The good: this is a well-written, very clever, utterly absorbing read. I truly couldn't put it down, and was up until 2 a.m. reading, with my attention engrossed pretty much the whole time.The bad:  SPOILER ALERT....Really? is this the 1990s???? The ""psycho bitch"" trope should be safely dead by now. This was Fatal Attraction on steroids. I'm so goddamn tired of writers creating female characters like this.Plus, the plot holes were pretty enormous. The police were super-sharp at picking up little lies Nick told, but no one bothered to check Amy's story out??????? No one checked where Desi was on the day he supposedly kidnapped her? A gynecologist couldn't tell she'd never actually been pregnant? They couldn't tell her forearm wound was self-inflicted? And Nick STAYED IN THE HOUSE WITH HER after her return????? Blergh.
No one in this novel is in touch with reality.  The two main characters are miserable human beings.  At the end of the book I completely disliked both of them.  The title characters' parents are people who have been unable to see the light of day for decades.  I would say these horrible folks deserve each other, but no, she deserves worse.  The husband is a nightmare human being with a facade of likeability but can't be a grown up and has many, many excuses for his personality flaws.  The wife, who is the gone girl, never had any socially redeeming qualities to start with.  Yes it's well written but nothing explains why so many of the characters, while presented as intelligent, are so lacking in common sense and common decency.  When I really enjoy a book I will re-read it so as to experience any nuances that I missed the first time.  Not this one!
After reading so many positive reviews everywhere (not just on Amazon), I caved and bought the book.  The first few chapters were ok, a little boring, but I continued on. Then the story grabbed me, I was hooked, and couldn't put the book down. In that aspect, it is an enjoyable read. However, the ending is...I don't know... bad, disappointing, anti-climatic. It definitely left a bad taste, so much so that I will not bother to read another of Flynn's novels. I think the ending could have been a million times better, but its like Flynn got tired of the story and decided to just end it as quickly as possible. She should have written two books, the before and after, so to speak (don't want to give anything away). I gave it three stars because the writing did have me hooked, for the most part, but the ending is so dull compared to the rest of the book.
I was really looking forward to reading this book.  I didn't buy it but downloaded it from my library for my Kindle, so at least it was free.  Through the first half, I couldn't put it down and kept thinking, wow, it's been a long time since I read a book this good.  It was engrossing and, at times, laugh-out-loud funny.  I kept thinking what a good movie could be made from the story.  Thus my three-star rating.  Then it all began to fall apart.  The characters turned out to be completely unredeemable, vile human beings.  The only character I really came to like was Detective Boney.  And then...it just...ended, with no resolution.  I kept trying to advance my Kindle thinking, there have to be more pages!  But alas, no.  My other gripe is that although I am not a prude, I thought that some of the sexual content was beyond crude and unnecessary.
This is an interesting twist to boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy get girl back.  But the twist is he really never get the girl back. I should not say more - don't want to ruin the story.  Good read, but not really literature. - more like an ""airplane"" book.  Takes up time, good story line, but you really do not have to think much about it.  Will probably make a popular movie, since so many have read this book, but if you have a great literary gem, I would read it first and save this for a long airplane ride and/or waiting in the airport for your delay flight.  Not sure how to rate a book by half a star, but 2.5 is what I would give this novel.  My wife also read this and her comment was, they both got what they deserve.  I am sure men and women will have differing views on who - if either - main character ""wins"" in the end.
I more or less couldn't put the book down and though it's not my usual type of novel, kept reading but was sorely disappointed with the flat ending. There were surprises along the way that made me think what a clever writer, but for the book to be done so well and there not to be a better ending really disappointed. I didn't like the character that Amy morphed into. I kept thinking that she would be caught in the ending and get her just dessert, but when someone ended up still trapped, it was not a satisfying ending. To put so much planning and thought into a book, which obviously was well done up until then, it just seemed to just stop and let things remain unresolved. I never would have read it except it was chosen for an ""adult"" book club read at my school. It's not the romantic suspense type of novel I usually enjoy. I like happy endings.
This book immediately draws you into the plot.  You are sucked in the moment you get through the first chapter.  I enjoyed the basic plot but as a reader you can easily figure out what will happen about a third of the way in.  But figuring out ""who done it"" is not the point.  It is mostly a journey into the psyche of the two main characters and all of their dysfunctions.  I found myself rooting for each of them through out the book, then being surprised and a little disappointed by the ending.  This is not to say the ending was inappropriate or lazy writing, it is that you hoped more for the characters and realize that how it ends is just how it is should be, and it is disappointing for them.I encourage this book for a good psycho thriller, but if you're looking for a who done it mystery something else might be in order.
This book seemed too long to me - I was getting weary from it about 3/4 through.  It is quite the work of writing and I have to admire all the details and getting into the mind(s) of these characters.  I say Mind(s) because I actually felt it was the same person - was  expecting the end to reveal one person with multiple personalities.  I've known a scarily manipulative person or two over a lifetime, but nearly all the characters fit that description in this book.  Not enough relief in contrast throughout.I don't know how may pages this book has as I read it on my kindle but if felt like 400-500, which made the experience a bit like a lengthy soul bashing.  Often times a page turner and a mind bender - trying to ""side"" with one character over another - exhausting.  If you like that kind of read you will enjoy this book.
I just finished this book--albeit a bit late to the party!  I found it engrossing and clever, but couldn't help feeling like ""something was up"" before the big reveal.  During the first section of the book, I liked both characters.  They were personable, well-written, and seemed realistic, even if Amy was too good to be true!  By the third section, I was done with Amy and wanted the resolution NOW, not in another 100 pages.  I never felt any satisfaction with the ending.  I need a definite ending, or at least one that leads me in a certain direction once the book is finished.  I almost needed a cold shower after I finished it, I was so dissatisfied and frustrated!  Flynn didn't want decide how to end the story, so therefore her ending was one in which she didn't have choose any ending!  The end was just a cop-out, plain and simple.
I liked the writing pretty much. But the ending was unresolved, in my opinion, and not well thought out. Unfortunate!
I've read both of Flynn's other novels (Sharp Objects and Dark Places) too. I thought this book was excellent, up until the end. I really like how Flynn's books tend to switch between past and present... it helps keep things interesting. I don't want to spoil the ending, but the whole time you're reading the book, you're wondering what happened and then second-guessing yourself as new details are revealed. I personally wasn't impressed with the ending at all. I thought it really fell flat in relation to the rest of the book. The entire book leads up to the conclusion, and when it finally comes, you're like ""really? That's it?"" Or at least, that's how it was for me. And this was after I heard the ending was ""amazing."" I guess it just depends on what kinds of stories you're into, but I would have liked it much more with a different ending.
I was looking forward to reading this book after hearing the buzz in the office by co-workers who read it. I've read others by this author and was impressed by her writing skills. She didn't disappoint in that area for Gone Girl, however after a few chapters I found I was not liking my protagonists as much as I would have hoped. Then I was siding more with the husband. I don't want to get into detail as I don't want to spoil things for other readers, but I also didn't like the ending nor did I enjoy the unreliable narrator device as it left me feeling I was being played. I found peripheral characters likable, sympathetic, more interesting. Flaws and all. Gillian Flynn is an extremely talented writer and I will look for more of her books, but I needed a lot more 'what goes around, comes around' in this one and it wasn't to be had. (sigh)
Smartly written but frustrating how it ended. Much respect to the author for thinking up such a complex plot though.
I'm going to make this short and sweet and not reveal any of the plot to those who still may be interested in reading this book despite the mixed reviews. I had been searching for a while for a new read and came across Flynn's Gone Girl. The description and free-sample hooked me instantly! I love the author's decision to include the perspectives of the 2 main characters as it made the story more dynamic and intriguing. However, that had to be one of the worst endings to a book I have ever read! It was as if Flynn had created a scenario that was so unimaginable she didn't even know how it would end. The writing isn't even as engrossing as it was in the beginning and middle. The chapters become short and choppy and give the impression that someone was just ready to be done with this. Bottom line...I'd recommend the first 2 sections.
I hated the ending so much that it literally killed the whole book for me. I did like the middle of the book, and the story was interesting up to a point. The premise was also very good and there were lots of twists and shockers. However, I hated both main characters with a passion because they were both horrible people and so superficial. I guess the author did a good job there because I despised both main characters. I also kind of hated the secondary characters too. I feel like every story needs a good guy/hero/heroine - This book doesn't have one. I guess Nick was maybe more ""human"" or slightly more ""sane"" than Amy, but these people take the cake in the ""loser department"". The ending left me with my eyes rolling and I almost made the ""L"" sign for ""Losers"" at my IPad. Booooo hissssssss.
I absolutely loved this book. Just couldn't put it down. The three star review? The ending...or lack thereof. It's not that this book's ending was horrible, it just didn't have one. Literally. It ended the way most chapters would, where you're thinking ""omg, what is going to happen next??"", then.. 27 pages of the author thanking everybody who helped her work on this book. I've never been so confused by something so simple. It wasn't even written like it was set up for a sequel, it just ... freaking ... stopped. It's almost laughable. The rest of the book was great. Wonderfully written. But based on the fact that it's unfinished, I'd get my money back if I could. Who knew you could get to the end of a book and actually be mad. Oh well, if it doesn't bother you, go for it.""I have nothing left to say""....
Torn between rating the book 3 or 4 stars.  If I could, I would give it a 3.5.  I read two books prior to this that declared in reviews that they were ""Gone Girl"" like.  I enjoyed both books and the unconventional plot, so I decided to finally read the book well known enough to allude to in other book reviews as if it summed up the plot.  I really did enjoy the book initially.  The first 50%, I thought I determined who the unreliable narrator was and how it was going to end.  Yes, I thought I was that smart.  I was wrong.  The book and certain characters threw me for a loop, a loop I ranger enjoyed and was waiting for the climatic ta-da ending. It never came.  It just ended and ended with a lot of disappointment on my end.  Anticlimactic ending.  The steam found in the first 75% of the book disappeared in the last 25%.
The story starts out really slow and ends up being disappointing. The end is unexpected. The characters are unreal.
Wasn't as exciting as I expected. I expected more of a plot. The ending did not have the punch I thought it needed.
I almost stopped reading at first because of so much bad language but I didn't.  I've read bad language before ie:. David Sedaris books.  It was a page turner I will admit that.  My friend thought it was a surprise ending but not me.  The ending in my mind was not really an ending at all.  Nick and Amy will go on in their sick relationship as before only now they will have a child to really mess up.  Amy is the sicker of the two and throw into that just plain evil.  Nike is just a very bad neurotic.  They are both haters.  Not in the book but in my mind one of them will kill the other sooner or later unless of course Amy is prosecuted for her crimes and it looks like she won't as they have closed the case.  I could have given it a four AIthough I guess but it is such a frustrating book I didn't.  My taste in books I guess.
I almost stopped reading this book about a 1/3 of the way in because it felt like a ripoff of the Scott Peterson story.  Then the author/story makes a 180 degree turn and then it gets really, really good.  And you feel like the author is a storytelling genius.So why 3 stars if the author is a genius and the story is gripping.The ending is terrible.  Conceptually the ending might be good and could have been brilliant; however the execution is flat and gratuitous.  It just feels like the author did not spend enough time fleshing out the ending to make it believable, compelling and possibly chilling.  Maybe she was just sick of the story and wanted it to be done.  Or she had a publishing deadline.Either way the book suffers as a result ... and does the movie since it uses the same ending.
Gone Girl is certainly well written.  If you enjoy the switch from one character speaking in one chapter and a different character speaking in the next and back and forth you will get into the book quickly.  The diary entries written by the wife in her chapters develop her character but if you are someone who tries to figure out what her psychology is from the start....you might get bored.  You know from the beginning that she is the focus of the title and soon realize that the title can have two possible meanings.  She will be missing .or her mind is dangerous and missing.  The husband is confused and needy.  She has control.  Normally I love a female character that is strong but in this case I was disappointed that the husband lacks backbone.  Was not thrilled with the ending but the reader should decide for himself.
This is a book that I really looked forward to reading. Perhaps if there hadn't been so much hype I would have enjoyed it more because I was expecting something truly special.Instead I found it to be cliched and predictable. Even the ""twists"" in the plot are not such a huge surprise.It's not a bad book and I don't have as much of a problem with the ending as some of the readers, but it's not going to make my top 10 of 2012.If you want to read a mystery that features a truly scary plot and a psychopathic character, try In the Darkest Corner by Elizabeth Haynes. That one made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.Is the writing on this one good? It's okay but not fabulous. The characters are all a bit too much of their particular personality to be completely believable.
I was not satifised with the ending, but it was a good read.  I may try another one by author to see if i like her
It took me some time for this to capture my attention, but it finally did and then, was quite a ""let down"" ending!
In the beginning I would have rated this a one star. I truly did and still, after completing the novel, do not like the characters who are neurotic and egocentric, to say the very least. The only likeable character, in my opinion, is Go. Perhaps that is what the author was wanting. Amy is evil. I suppose I don't like how she can manipulate and control others as she does; I want to see more courage and strength from those she considers adversaries. However, admittedly, she is dominant, bright and skilled at the evil she inflicts on others. I am disappointed that Nick, her husband, just when I thought he would be her equal, was outwitted and lost in the combat between him and his wife Amy. I may read another Flynn novel simply to compare the two, but if the characters depicted are similar to these, it will be the last.
For starters, I predicted the first half of the book nearly point for point because it read exactly like a primetime police/criminology show. I also did not feel Gillian Flynn is particularly talented author, she may be an entertaining or creative writer perhaps, but I felt the novel was a clear demonstration that ""New York Times Bestseller"" does not an author make. That said, Gone Girl is a fairly entertaining and a riveting plot line for most readers. I also do believe she does a fairly great job at creating compelling characters, making Nick every bit as pitiable as he is pathetic and Amy every bit as admirably sharp as she is despicably cerebral. If you're looking for a quick read--then I certainly recommend this as it's not the worst thing I've read, but don't expect any big surprises from the writing.
To me the theme of this book was not the rocky marriage, or the relationships of the characters in the novel.  The theme as I see it is that we all create fragmented versions of our selves to deal with everyday life.  We have work us, married us, boys/girls night out us, dinner party us, drinking party us, sports event us, movie night us, so on and so forth.  The book stressed time and time again people playing roles to achieve some goal.  Amy acted like the ""cool girl"" to be with Nick, Nick acted like ""cool guy"" to be with Amy.  People feed of these types of interactions.  I thought the ending made perfect sense within the context of Amy and Nick's relationship.  There was no happy ending for them nor was there a tragic ending.  The only option for these two people was to continue doing what they know how to do.
Had a good twist, but fell short at the end. Disappointed with ending. Nick was a jerk, but at least not a psyho.
I would give this a 3.5.I wish I could say that I loved it at the end.  I loved it at the beginning and at the middle but the ending was just so unexpected and unrealistic.  I could not believe that Nick would choose to live the way he does and it seemed a little bit feeble to end on that note.The suspense build-up was masterful, as was the revealing of Amy's character.  I wish there had been more confrontation with her parents and the other people with who she'd had a history (the school friend with kids and the guy she accused of assault).No matter how crazy she was, I could not come to believe the foresight that she supposedly had.  {SPOILER}: I mean - to save your long blonde hairs to plant them somewhere...A good beach read.  Be prepared for a bizarre end.
I know this book & movie got good reviews but I did not care for the book. I thought it was weird & too long. I did not relate to the characters at all. Frustrated me at times & sometimes I got bored. The ending was no big surprise as these two had a strange relationship. I love reading about what makes people tick but this one I did not care what made them they way they were. I have several friends who also did not like the book but some that really liked it. One person said they loved the movie. Maybe since it probabaly had to be condensed it might just be better than the book. I heard either you really liked this book or you didn't. I didn't. I should have given it two stars but then I thought for the author to come up with how this woman thought, planned etc that the author deserved better than a two.
I decided to read this book because so many people were talking about it and how good it was.Here's what I liked: It was a good mystery, and I liked the way the author wrote in the two different perspectives of both the husband and the wife. Also, I did like how the story was a commentary on our media-saturated society and the dangers of jumping to conclusions before we even have all of the information or the facts.What I didn't like: Although there were several twists and turns, I have to say that I did figure out one of the big plot twists -- never a good thing for an author since I am usually not one to figure these things out. In addition, I thought the ending was truly disappointing and a ""cop out."" It didn't feel like there was a resolution that was satisfying at all.
I was excited to read this book because it seemed like it would be a good mystery. Everyone seemed to be talking about the book or the movie so I decided to read it. The pace of the book was slow to start for me. I didn't mind the back and forth perspectives between Nick and Amy, but it took awhile for them to catch up to each other chronologically. It also took awhile for the book to get interesting and become a page-turner. In the beginning, I was just reading it hoping it would get better. When I got part way through the mood of the book was a little suspenseful, but mainly dark. I feel like the book began to affect my mood and I just wanted to finish the book to get it over with. I think the book was too dark for me. This just isn't my type of book and I will not be reading Gillian Flynn books again.
I read all the incredible reviews at the beginning of the novel and thought it would be amazing and for many I am sure it was.  However I soon discovered I did not like or relate to either of the two main characters and In fact  soon grew to dislike them and then continued  reading  just to get to the resolution. In real life people do lead crazy and messy lives so anything goes and sometimes fiction simply mirrors life. Writing the book certainly took creativity and much credit goes to the MS Flynn. Personally it was just not believable to me. One would not want to look too closely at some of the particular situations presented as cracks can easily be found but I know and accept that there is a certain amount of poetic license one must accept. I always admire writers but this book didn't do it for me.
I read this book and was so impressed by the author's creativity and her brilliance in constructing such an intriguing and well-crafted plot, however, as many others have stated, the ending is such a huge letdown.  I felt so cheated when I finished the book.  It really did seem as the author just wanted to finish writing the book and didn't really care how it ended.  It is really too bad because 3/4 of it is a fascinating story of a marriage that is storybook on the outside and absolutely sick and twisted on the inside.  The only reason I can think of for the author to end the book the way she did is that there is possibly a sequel in the works??  I won't read it however, she created two of the most narcissistic and unlikeable characters in recent memory.  The two of them really do deserve one another.
I'm going back and forth on my opinion of this book and I might be under too much influence of her other two novels to really give an unbiased opinion. I really enjoyed the other books but GONE GIRL was strange for me. None of the characters were likable and I wasn't sure who to root for. That's okay but it left me feeling really down. What I did like about it was that you couldn't trust the narrator and I found that to be a good plot device. Usually the narrator is at least trustworthy when it comes to their own inner thoughts but in this case you couldn't be sure what was true and what wasn't, especially when Amy's diary came into play. I'll probably give her future novels a read, too. I really enjoy her writing style and the nuances she gives her characters, even if I don't particularly like them.
Done with Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn. I saw the movie before reading the book. Thought the movie was odd. Book makes a little more sense. Not sure I liked it or not, but liked the authors writing style. Might try some of her other books to figure her out a bit more before I totally pass judgement. Personally I would have titled this book Selfish Jerk marries Sociopath. Nice to read something a little more contemporary. I can relate to the characters and where the authors coming from, actually in my age bracket for once. And going to say something semi sexist, though the author is a women, this book doesn't come across as a ""chick"" story. I might have read this one on my own even without it being on the reading list I'm grinding through, cause the movie had some unanswered questions for me.
Saw the movie trailer and it motivated me to read the novel. I'm not much of a fiction reader myself but every once in a while a movie will be coming out and I'll read the original work so my fiancé and I can discuss the differences between the two.It was really good up until the twist. After that it felt to heavy handed and over the top for me. I like believable in crime drama.***Spoiler***The story also ended in a sort of inception like manner. You get to the last diary entry and realize that what you have just read is possibly the ""cooperative"" novel written by amy and nick. You are unsure if any of it is really ""factual"" in the sense of the gone girl universe. Is it merely the edited version Amy would like to show the world or is it the full story?
This was another book club pick. It had great reviews and made the grade on all kinds of critic lists. For the record I often disagree with the professional critics and this is no exception. I actively tried to like this piece but in the end - the ending killed it for me.  I think it will make a great thriller/suspense movie. It is currently in production and coming to theaters October 3, 2014.  A wife disappears from home on their fifth wedding anniversary. The husband is suspected of foul play but first they must answer the question “where is she?” A little too real for me. It really brings home the fact that you don’t really know the person living next-door, in the next room, or even in the other side of the bed. Crazy looks normal on the outside and can go unnoticed until it comes out to play.
I've read several novels lately where the author seems to be challenging me to like the novel even though I can't stand the main character.  This book has two unlikable characters for the price of one.  Gone Girl is the story of the disintegration of a marriage, and also a murder mystery.  It is an ""amazing"" puzzle box, with clues scattered all over, and it really takes off at the 51% point (I think in % now since I have a kindle).  Unfortunately, the two main characters are so deeply flawed that I found it impossible like or care about either of them.  The other characters merely fill out the story so that leaves only the puzzle for enjoyment.  The final twist raises some interesting questions on the nature of happiness and what it means to be ""normal"", but I remain unconvinced.
I feel like I'm out there hanging on a limb. I also did not the style of writing.  Could have a better ending.
How in the world did this book spend OVER TWO YEARS ON THE BEST-SELLER LIST???  555 pages on my  kindle; maybe (without my noticing) the best-seller list became the most-pages list?  The free preview was not all that appealing to me, but when it was a one-day kindle bargain, I had to find out what all the hoopla was about, what the ""bombshell"" that the reviews talked about, was.  I never found either answer.  This was a so-so mystery, and as I waded through the hundreds of pages, with mild twists, I figured there had to be a rip-roaring, knock-you-off-your-chair, faint-dead-away BLOCKBUSTER OF AN ENDING, right?  WRONG.  WRONG.  JUST PLAIN WRONG.  It ended not with a bang, but a whimper.  And that was me whimpering.  If you can't trust the best-seller list, who CAN you trust?????
Gone Girl is well-written, though at times a bit bloated and draggy, pulpy fiction.  It is an unflinching, macro examination of a disintegrating marriage that comes up with a sad, bleak, misogynistic diagnosis on relationships in general.That might sound harsh and give you the impression I didn't enjoy Gone Girl.  Not true.  I did enjoy the novel - as much as you can enjoy a novel about a hateful, mentally deranged character.It left me thinking and feeling, which is more than 90% of the mass market paperbacks I've read have done.Here's a link to a compelling article about the movie, but only read it after you've read the book or if you're not going to read the book.  SPOILERShttp://www.theguardian.com/film/2014/oct/07/gone-girl-backlash-david-fincher-misogynist-feminist
At first I was sympathetic with the main characters but it was not long into the book I became angry with Nick.  He was a to non-chill ant and cocky about his wife's disappearance.  Which made him look pretty guilty to others.  Then Amy's REAL character comes into light and I really got mad at both of them.  They really weren't the people you first thought they were they became selfish, untrustworthy, crude and very rough around the edges.  Their personalities were more than questionable.  At times language and personalities were just plain raunchy.This book shows us how easy it is to come to incorrect conclusions when a crime occurs and how the media and written word can influence your opinion.The characters seem to deserve each other by the end of the book
It was...""Meh."" The novel is basically about the struggle between two narcissist. The beginning was interesting, but it drug on and on and on. The middle was interesting, but the resolution was a bit confusing and disappointing. I give it a three because Flynn pulls you in and makes you feel certain ways about the characters. You sympathize with the right characters at the right time, but I could never really like either Amy or Nick. Or even Go. The end 'was' slightly original, but it left me restless. ""What? That's it?"" It was a let down. I didn't hate it. It was well written, but I just couldn't like any of the characters. Amy and Nick are terrible people with no redeeming qualities. I just can't 'click' with book that has no one redeeming.It was 'meh.'
Everyone I know who has read this book is in one of two camps: it's a one-star novel or a five-star novel. Me...maybe I'm indecisive but I'm stuck at three. The first 142 pages don't even deserve one star. But everyone told me to stick with it so I did. The unexpected twists and turns were truly brilliant...five-star quality. But in the end, there was not one character in this entire story that I could latch on to; not one I could identify with. They were all so overly _________ (fill in the blank: psycho, ignorant, devoted, obsessive, all-American, disgusting) that it never felt real. The key to a five-star novel for me is that while I am reading it, the author can grow an obviously unreal story into something that becomes part of my reality. This one didn't reach that mark.
Gone Girl was to me a reach of reality. Granted the world has seen many schemes for many reasons, this one did not hold much plausibility throughout from the very beginning to the very end. I imagined the author writing away to find herself in a place where she need think, 'Oh now, what do I move this story on now!' It felt as if she was winging it all the way. The fact that the story ends with these two people are staying together and having a child is sick.  Amy is still a flaming psych-path and he is an unquestioning codependent. Perhaps the main character Amy will follow the path of her writer parents and create shallow books about her own child. There was suspense and the vehicle of the diary and the flashbacks provided a semi-interesting way to slowly reveal the plot.
Well, it started out very strong.  Quirky, unlovable characters. A plot that took as many twists and turns as a mountain pass.  It was a page turner; I had trouble putting it down not knowing what raveling and unraveling of the story line was coming.Spoiler alert:  about 3/4 through I decided that there was only one ending that would be wrong; and of course that's how it ended.  In fact, I do not think this was the ending originally intended by the author.  Why would Flynn introduce a demented father who runs into the house furiously looking for the ""bitch"" unless the intended end for Amazing Amy was somehow in his hands.  Alfred Hitchcock once said that if you introduce a gun in scene one, it better go off before the play is over; it holds for novels as well
I was very disappointed with the ending, but up to that point, it kept my interest.  Thank you, Helen Viola
Contains some strong passages and, for the most part, plot moves cleverly. Technique of alternating first-person narrations works well. Contains many weaknesses, including the ridiculous ways that Amy handles money (not just irrationally, as most people do, but in several ridiculous ways).I did read to the very end, which I seldom do when a novel is full of weaknesses, and I very seldom read mysteries at all. This one kept me fascinated, except for the sputtering, langorous descent in the last dozens of pages. Feel free to stop reading any time after you turn the page to part three.Best true story: on the same day that I read most of GG, I saw Piper in Netflix's Orange is the New Black (episode 5, near the beginning) reading it! In the slammer!
This book is well-written and definitely a page turner. It's very hard to put down and a somewhat enjoyable read in that any page turner is an enjoyable way to spend your time. The story is presented from two points of view, and the chapters alternate from Nick's story (the husband) to Amy's (the wife) and back again. The problem is, when I read a novel for pleasure, I want there to be at least one character I can root for, or at least hope for. In this book, the characters may toss that role back and forth, but in the end, I found myself rooting for no one, disliking both of them, and basically reading to find out how it ends so I could never know the characters ever again. As I said, very engrossing, very good writing. Just sort of unpleasant with a bad aftertaste.
An okay read... until the ending. I wanted to read the book before seeing the movie. The movie defiantly has a shot at being better than the book for once. The book is only kinda suspenseful and the main reason is because it loses some of it's credibility with me. Without giving too much away the characters and their actions go against all normal human response and behavior. That may have been done on purpose by the author to give an additional layer to the characters but it makes the story hard for me to believe it even remotely plausible, thus taking away from the suspense. Then there is the ending... the best way to describe it is I think the writer just got tired of writing and just ended it. No build-up, no tying up lose ends, and no resolution. Just Horrible.
No, that's not really the question.  The question is, ""Why do writers publish books when they can't come up with a decent ending?""  I know that wrapping up a story satisfactorily is VERY difficult - the proof is all around us.  I enjoyed this book right up until I realized that, in the end, the author had no idea what to do with the monsters she had created for us.  The ending was completely unsatisfactory.  Meh.  Novels like this are not about the ""journey"".  The journey needs to be good, but the destination needs to be awesome - whether it makes us feel vindicated, or angry, or anguished, or joyful.  It should never make us feel ""meh.""If you want to read this book, I suggest borrowing it from a library.  It's not one that I want to keep after reading.
I was a little disappointed in this story. Interesting characters at first, but the plot let me down - he said - she said - he said - she said. There was little familial love here the parents didn't really like the other parents, plus there was illness, one was richer than the other, etc. ""Go"" was my favorite. You know exactly where she stands and is always backing up her twin brother. About a third of the way through this book all I could think of was an old movie, ""The War of the Roses"". You can look up the ending if you want, the book didn't end exactly that way, because here the wife outsmarts the husband. But I think that would have been a better ending. Neither of those two should hang around to make themselves and their families miserable.
wow, over 38,000 reviews. I am speechless. I don't know how or why some books get such extreme levels of hype, but this is one of them.yes the book was a page-turner, but only after I forced myself through the first half.The writing was very polished, however the back and forth between Nick and Amy's viewpoints sometimes got me confused.I hated that the author used 'Go' for Nick's sister's name. Trivial, maybe, but it bothered me every time I read it. I would frequently have to remind myself it was her name and not a verb.There was one plot hole that stood out to me: It seems most likely that Jacqueline would be able to provide a solid alibi for Desi during the time frame that Amy ""disappeared"".Now I'll talk about the ending -- oh wait, there wasn't one. It was like the author used up all her imagination and creativity and had nothing left for the end. Such a disappointing note to end on when most of the book was so clever.
I expected too much and was extremely disappointed. The hype and numerous positive reviews of this book had me on edge and the waiting list at the library to read it.I wasn't fond of Nick or Amy. Nick was a selfish jerk and the only thing ""amazing"" about Amy was the fact that she was a master manipulator. The only character that I was particularly fond of was, Margo, Nick's twin sister.Honestly, I didn't find the book all ""that"" suspenseful. What I did enjoy was the ""set up"" of the book and how the author alternated the narrators between Nick and Amy. I also saw the movie about a week after I finished the book. Ben Affleck was the perfect choice to play Nick. The book and movie endings were equally disappointing.
While this novel was intriguing and involving from the get-go, I found it ultimately disappointing in its resolution.  Gillian Flynn has a compelling writing style with many colorful turns of phrase, as well as vivid, if unsympathetic, characters in this he-said/she-said domestic ""mystery.""  She keeps you riveted to the plot with its gradual unfolding of the storyline.  However, once the story behind the story is revealed, my interest waned.  I found the discovery and subsequent events to be kind of cheesy and vaguely dissatisfying.  It left me uninterested in seeing the movie, which I had previously wanted to, but had decided to read the book first.  That notwithstanding, it will keep you turning the page for more, until you've seen more than enough!
This is a psychological suspense novel set in a small town in Missouri. Nick and Amy were both writers in New York City, but they both lost their jobs and moved back to Missouri to help take care of Nick’s mother who is dying of cancer. On the morning of their 5th wedding anniversary, Amy disappears in what looks like a home invasion. As the story unravels, from both Amy’s diary and the police investigation, it becomes clear that their marriage is not what it appeared to be. It is important to remember for this novel that everyone lies, some more than others. This turns into a very dark novel with characters that are difficult to like. Plot twists abound as the characters create a web of lies and deceit and we must wait to see who will win this twisted game.
Reading this novel was similar to watching a train wreck in slow motion. What made it interesting was the picking apart not only of the dissolution of a remarkably dysfunctional marriage, but the screwy dysfunctional societal norms that create them. I admit, I really enjoyed the book for that. And it is a page turner to be sure. Since finishing the book, I've read criticisms about the ending. It fits though. I agree with other readers that said the story starts to become formulaic and a bit of a letdown half way through--not because of what's revealed, but only because it's so cliche. Then again, without revealing anything, yes it's cliche, but ""it"" happens all the time. I can't quite decide if the author is brilliant or just warped. Maybe a little of both.
Yes, this book sucks you in and the author's writing is fantastic. The beginning 1/3 (Part 1) is amazing and you just want to keep reading. Thru the middle (Part 2), it's still good, but starting to become a little far fetched. As other reviewers mentioned... the last 1/3 of the book (Part 3) really makes you think, ""What the heck"" and not in a good way. The ending was terrible. It makes me wonder what the whole point of the book was? We learn all this stuff about Amy & Nick, but you're right back at the beginning.Gone Girl was redundant and lengthly at times. At lot of going over & over things could of been cut.I gave it 3 stars for the writing, but as far as the story and ending, I would like to only rate it 1-1/2 stars.
I was under the impression from the beginning of the book that it was a whodoneit.  There is a surprising plot twist mid-book, and after that point I think the novel went downhill.  It's also difficult to tell a story with one of the two protagonists being unlikable.  You lose interest in her at some point.That said, Gillian's ""voice"" is fresh, she does the difficult trick of using two protagonists and their point of view quite well, and it's a unique type of mystery novel.I didn't love it, but I was glad that I read it.  I think others may embrace it more than I did; my expectations were high for this book.  I'd recommend it for entertaining literature, beach book or a refreshing change for people who like serious novels.
First, let me rant for a moment about Amazon's Kindle policies:1) There is no reason that a one-user electronic copy of a book should cost $12.992) And, at that lofty price, the thing can't even be shared!It is not good enough to say that it is ""the publisher's policy"".  With Amazon's purchasing clout, more rational pricing and terms should be available.Getting to the book, it started a bit slowly but before long, I was completely engrossed. From the 1/4 to the 7/8 points, this book is a real page-turner.  A unique fast-paced story with unanticipated twists.  I couldn't rate it higher because of the incredible ""nothing"" ending.  It felt as though the author had suddenly looked at a clock and decided her writing time was up.
GONE GIRL.....MY THOUGHTS.... Well I was 30% through the book and almost put it away. I was so bored and had a really hard time getting through it. It was just after 30% when it started to get good (One of my clients told me her rule of thumb ""if you can't get into it within 100 pages, then don't read it."" Well my Kindle doesn't have a 100 page mark. I'm going to have to set up a percentage rule that applies the same.) I'm 90% through the book and I will say since I've been reading this thing, I've been in a bad mood, cranky & irritable. I mean the twists and turns are really good but it's DRAMA that's all too common in real life these days, however, without the morbid sickness that the book portrays. Not sure I'm going to read the rest of the books.
Yeah I finally jumped on the bandwagon, couldn't help myself. I don't even like thrillers and the like so I didn't think I would enjoy it. But so many people couldn't be wrong, right? Part of the book was really good. Engrossing, surprising, well written and interesting. Then it wasn't. I kept waiting for the twist that everyone was talking about, I guess I thought there would be another twist at the end, on top of the others. The ending was disappointing, and overall I just read this book because I wanted to know. I don't think I would really recommend it, and I know I'm in the minority. Don't get me wrong, Flynn is freaking smart, and a great writer. She did shock me, I was interested. But it just didn't hold my interest, and the ending fell flat.
When I start reading this book I was really enthausiastic about it. But after a while it was going a bit boring but then part two. I was wide awake again. Wow didnt see that coming. That was good. But then the end! I am still in shock still can't believe that this book ends like that. I was waiting the whole time for something spectacular to happen in the end, but unfortunately not.I am happy to see that many of you are also not happy with the end of the story, I was first afraid I didnt understand the book that well and was thinking to read it again to feel better with the end!But now I read the othe reviews I see I am not the only one who thinks its not a good end.Anyway I enjoyed reading this book only dissapointed of the end.
...it ended.  With a colossal thud.The book is very engaging and I hate to trot out the old cliche that it was hard to put down.  Gone Girl is one of those books you really want to get home to and bury your nose in.  Then, the last few chapters killed the joy.  It left me feeling like the author was just rushed to finish a deadline and cranked out some pages in an attempt to neatly tie things up.  I realize all stories have to end but Flynn could have spent a little more time exploring the outcome (I don't want to divulge potential spoilers).Basically, the book was like a meh fireworks display.  Starts off with excitement in the air and culminates with a group of people saying ""oooh.  aaaah."" in a very smarmy tone.
This is a difficult book to rate.  The first half was ho hum.  The only thing that kept me reading was all the rave reviews.  It wasn't boring but there was nothing very exciting about it.  Then at about half way through the book took off!  There were twists and turns galore.  I had multiple scenarios going through my head trying to solve the mystery but none were correct.  Thankfully the resolution is a true resolution and it also didn't have that 'rabbit out of a hat' feel.  It made sense....in an insane way.  Unfortunately I missed the literary designation some other reviewers perceived in Flynn's writing.first half of book = 3 starssecond half = 4 starsThis review is based on an e-book provided by the publisher.
Loved the book and it kept me interested. I didnt want to put it down, but the ending left you hanging.
l didn't like the ending. Amy shouldn't get away with the murder and what she got away with, with Nick.
Without giving away any spoilers, I have to agree with people who did not like the ending.  Not the over-all arc of it, but the way it was written. I didn't mind feeling left hanging a bit at the end but it just felt kind of rushed and abrupt. The dialogue and character reactions during the last few chapters was simply not believable to me, given everything learned up to then. It almost felt like someone else wrote the last few chapters.  The story seemed to get more and more predictable the further along the story went and a lot of the characters seemed a bit silly and/or one dimensional. By the end of it I didn't care about any of the characters. It was an interesting story (at least the first 2/3 of it) but not one that will stick with me.
This is a story of a self absorbed girl made famous by her parents writing of children's books featuring their daughter. She grows up and falls in love (?) with and marries a self absorbed man. The marriage is far from perfect and she eventually frames her husband for her murder, but she is not dead. They eventually get back together both wanting to kill the other and by blackmail on both side a form of peace is reached that probably will not last. The story went back and forth in time and focused on only one at a time. To me it was confusing. The woman was not as smart as she was supposed to be. Who with any intelligence at all would travel with a large sum of money and not have it distributed between various different places in the luggage?
I enjoy books with a better ending than Gone Girl. I like books that don't let you get away with evil.
I just finished this story, and can't figure out why it's been on the best-seller list for so long.  To me, it was an OK read, but I absolutely loathed both of the main characters.  That isn't what make it just OK, though - I've read thousands of books, and haven't liked the main characters before, but enjoyed the read.  Maybe it was just that both of them were so totally self-involved, superficial, selfish, and mentally ill that it was difficult to care about the outcome for either one of them.  They certainly deserved what they got.  For me, they are an unflattering picture of what so many younger people (35 and under) have become in today's society, and except for wanting to know which one of them 'won,' I wouldn't have finished it.
I must admit that I never write reviews which is bad because I depend on them so much when making a purchase, but I couldn't resist rating this book.  This is a book I wished I had sampled first because I would NOT have bought it. There were a lot of twists and turns in the book that was just enough to keep you reading but in the end, left you hanging.  I felt the author just gave up at the end and wanted to give it a quick (and totally unsatisfying) ending. If this had been a loaned book, I probably would have stopped reading after the first few chapters. But since I paid for it, I felt compelled to finish it, hoping it would get better.  The excellent ratings could not have come from avid readers and this should not be a best seller.
My book club agreed on this read because it sounded so good....and a movie was due out based on the book.I wish the story was as good as the expectation.  I got very tired of the writing format early on. Tedious.  And the story was just not believable, and not very intriguing. The best part of the story, I suppose, was when she's living in the cheap cabin.  That didn't develop the way I thought it would. Another disappointing story.I also didn't like how the author borrowed heavily from the Scott Peterson murder case.This is one of those stories where you just know the story is about to ""get good"" and it just doesn't.Disappointed...waited for it to get good and it just didn't.
The premise sounded interesting so I picked it up. I love a good mystery, whodunit, and the more twists and turns the better. I am not a fan of the he said, she said, back and forth narrative, but it somehow works in this book. The book started out strong, and just when my interest started to wane a bit, a good twist would come along.. ah, gasp, oh my ....but the last 1/4 or so of the book was a letdown.. I know it's fiction, but it was way out there.. It really fizzled for me towards the end. It had so much potential ,but came up short. I honestly don't think I liked any character in this book.. well maybe one or two of the detectives working the case. I didn't like Nick, or Amy or ""Go. The Amazing Amy storyline was too much...
I started out really enjoying this book - one of the few books where I started out not liking EITHER of the main characters.  Then, as it progresses, you tend to lean towards one of them.  I had to keep myself from peeking ahead of the story to see what would happen.  As it started winding down, I realized that the author better have had a shock in store for us.  Instead, it was a disappointment!  Seriously?  I mean, I spent many nights really getting into the story and thinking how brillant it was, only to be let down.  The ending was just plain stupid, IMO.Also, as many of the other reviews have stated, the language is quite foul.  Could have done without it.  Not going to rush out and get any of her other books.
Part of me enjoyed the book, but part of me kept wondering about the level of hostility directed at women. While some of the female characters come off as decent human beings, I couldn't help thinking about some of the bitter guys I know who just keep complaining about those b*tches who've divorced them or who have had the guts to do something other than revolve their lives around men's needs. I'm not saying that the author is suggesting that Nick is a hero, but the fact that the book is told primarily from his point of view seems likely to tip the scales against Amy in ways that may well give aid and comfort to abusers. Certainly, were I an abused wife or girlfriend, I'm pretty sure this book would make me very uncomfortable.
When writing this review, I almost rated it 2 stars, but that would be a lie because it says I didn't like the book.  So, I had to upgrade it to 3 stars.  Part 1 was setting the scene and a little long.  Part 2 is when it got MUCH better and the end is where it tanked.  It ruined everything I had liked about the book.  I'm a firm believer in, unless the book is a series, there must be an end.  I don't like books that leave the ending open for the reader interperat what they want.  For me this book did not have an end.  My friend and I started this book together but she stopped reading it for lack of time.  I'm going to tell her to not bother finishing the book.  I'm actually quite irriated with the ending, or lack there of.
I found the story Very disappointing. The sample looked quite exciting, but after that their whole relationship, her writing, him writing became very boring.The slack way in which the cops handled the whole case was also not convincing. I felt  as though I wanted to get in there  and solve the ""mystery"" of Amy's disappearance for them.I would recommend it to a teenager looking for ""a love and hate"" story. Amy was definitely a psychopath and Nick was also ""crazy"" to stay with her. It was  though he enjoyed the punishment  that she was giving him all the time and that he would not be able to live without it!!They voth deserve each ither!  Poor child who is going to have to grow up in that crazy household!!
I couldn't put this book down, but not because I loved it, because I was just dumbfounded at the style of writing and what was happening with these characters.  To me it was more sci-fi than reality.  I must say, that I have read all 3 of Gillian Flynn's novels and she absolutely does have a different style of writing - one that I don't care for.  The first review I read of this book said that if you liked ""real characters"" and a story that's believable, you would love this book.  Seriously???!!!! Does anyone out there really know people like these characters?  I can't imagine.  To me the book was not believable and I personally don't recommend it if you are looking for a true mystery with bad guy being caught in the end.
There was so much hype about this book that I think it failed to live up to my expectations. I had managed to avoid the movie (and movie reviews) and I didn't hear any spoilers before I read it. This was no easy feat, but allowed me to dive into the book without knowing much about it. That said, I don't want to ruin it for any other readers. This book sucked me in and kept me interested until literally the last page--which I have now re-read at least a dozen times looking for something I missed and wondering ""what next?"" I liked the book; it was a quick, easy read. I didn't love it and, for me, it didn't live up to the hype, but I liked it. Perhaps going in with less expectation would make my review more glowing?
I was anxious to read this book, seeing it on the bestseller list for many months. I found the premise interesting and also enjoyed how  each chapter was written in the first person of the husband and wife { Nick and Amy}.  However, I soon realized that I didn't particularly like either of the characters.  The middle third of the book was slow, showing more character flaws with very little activity occurring. Towards the end of the book the mystery was beginning to be resolved, but by that time I no longer cared about what happens to Nick or Amy.  Apparently they didn't either.  I think I would like to try another book by this author since so many people give her great reviews, although the price would have to be right.
This is why I am single and live alone. I have no idea how much of this book comes from experience.
I read a lot of reviews before reading this book and I agree with most, the writing was really engaging, I liked the use of multiple voices, I liked that it kept you guessing about what was going on. What I wish someone had told me in the reviews is that there are more F-bombs in this book than there are pages. Like, maybe twice as many... or more. I get it, the author was going for realism, but I truly have never met any group of people (even high school or college students) who swear as much as these characters. After a while it just distracted me from the story. So for those who are more discriminating about these things: this book has tons of foul language and plenty of ""sex scenes"". I wish I had known.
I find this book very frustrating.  First, I hate to see guilty people get off without punishment.  Amy needs to be in a psych ward somewhere with the keys lost.  Second, surely there is some way that Nick could find to catch her and prove his story is the right one.  Amy had to trip up somewhere.  Third, I understand how Amy felt about her parents.  They had a codependent love that left her on the outside while using her as fodder for their book series.  You just want to shake parents like that to wake them up and see what they are doing to their child!  And last, I'm frustrated because I want Nick away from this gal so he can raise him in his own way, flawed as it may be.  It doesn't sound like that would happen.
I really enjoyed reading this non conventional thriller from Flynn. The first part of the book draws you in and fools you into thinking that the same would continue. And right at the end of the first part, you start having this sneaky feeling like something really abrupt is going to happen which leads well into the second part of the book. However, that's also where the book starts to get a little slow and I found myself rushing through the pages waiting for the good sections to come. But that never happened and towards the end of the book I just started skimming pages and of course the worst part was the ending. Ugh. It felt like the book never ended; I guess I was hoping for something more impact-ful and strong.
OK, I have to admit I was hooked for much of the book.  I did NOT see the movie but sort of had heard the premise.  I did like how the narration alternated and even that had a twist.  I will try not to spoil anything...just that I HATED the end.  I mean, I've rarely been more disappointed in the ending of a book...especially one that had me hooked for most of it.  That's the reason for 3 stars from me.  I read the ""book club"" discussion questions JUST so I could get some insight on the ending...like ""did I miss something?"".  I wasn't any more satisfied with the ending.At any rate...I'd actually be interested in reading more from Ms. Flynn because I did love the book for 90% (or more)
PROS: the book starts strong and keeps you on your toes... ever so curious to see what happens on the next page!CONS: unappealing characters, the story becomes too predictable, the ending is weak, you feel a bit dissatisified...other note: there is one glaring issue that will make you mad if you know even the tiniest bit about forensics (not to be a spoiler, but you can test paper and ink, etc. to determine the age of something to prove authenticity!) Normally I can look past details like this, but because there was so much fuss and pomp on other details, ignoring this one is like a bad papercut.If you have nothing else in your stack of ""to read next"" give this a go.
I read this knowing many people had trouble with the ending - and they were so right!  I did think the overall writing was good & the story line clever BUT the ending just made no sense. It all wrapped up much to quickly & was therefore, for me, quite unbelievable.  It certainly did not fit with the characters.  I actually had the feeling the author just got tired of writing & wanted out!  In addition, I just did not enjoy the book - the characters were just to mean, conniving, vindictive & hateful for my taste.  It is one thing to ""get even"" but only a truly sick person would go to the extremes in this book.  I do want to see the movie, however I would probably never choose to read this author again.
I really enjoyed reading this novel  It's very well thought out.  A woman disappears from her home, and her husband is under suspicion.  The book starts by being alternately told from her diary and his present day perspective.  We learn more about both of them, and it's fun putting their portraits together.  SPOILER ALERT - If you haven't read the book, read no more of this review.  I was really disappointed by the ending.  The woman has masterminded everything, outthought the police and the husband ends up staying with her solely because she's pregnant and he wants to protect the child from her.  I thought for sure that the police would come up with something, some mistake she made and be able to arrest her.
I had no idea what this book was about.  All I knew was that I had to wait about 4 months on the waiting list of my library to rent it on my kindle.  I jumped in and it gripped me from the very beginning.  It twists and turns and takes you on a journey unlike anything I've ever read.  Just when I start liking one character, it turns on a head and makes me change my allegiances. But then it twists again, and by the end, you have no idea who you're rooting for anymore.  I loved the whole book...until the end.  Which is the only reason it got 3 stars.  I was really disappointed in the ending, although, in retrospect, it was probably the most fitting ending for the lives of these strange and messed up characters.
This was a page turner for half the book.  Then it just drops off and has a total let down ending.
I liked it. At least, I think I liked it, which is the point. Right? :) Very mysterious, very misleading. Who is the bad guy? Who deserves to be punished? Who deserves to live happily ever after? Does anyone? Does everyone?At first I thought this book was pretty shallow and dumb, but the more I think about it, the more I realized Flynn's messing with us. It took me a bit to realize it and to get into it. Once I got rolling, it was good. If you're stuck in the first quarter of the book, keep going. It will pick up. Give it a chance. Wait until Part 2 when everything is flipped on it's head. If it still doesn't catch you, don't bother finishing. Not a waste. I would probably read Flynn again.
I bought the book because it was on the best seller's list.The internal dialog, stream of consciousness writing, slowed the pace. The book relied heavily on internal dialog which at times was tedious.  The main characters were shallow with no redeeming qualities. However, I kept on reading, after all; it was on the best seller's list, and I was curious as to what happen to the wife. Through most of the book, my response was  luke warm until information was revealed about Amy that changed everything. This increased the tension temporarily, followed later by another scene that increases the  tension even more.The ending, however, left a bad taste in my mouth. It wasn't satisfying, perhaps, too pat.
I started off really liking this book.  The writing was decent, story compelling, and characters well-developed.  Even with the first major twist about half way through, I was on board.  I could see the weaving of the mystery and was intrigued.But the further the story went and the more twists that were piled on, the less engaged I was.  I could see the end coming from a mile away and was so disgusted by what I knew was coming.  The last 20 pages or so just left a horrible taste in my mouth and made me feel dirty, like I needed a shower after.While many books sweep you to exotic places you can't wait to see or return to, I hope to never encounter the world of Gone, Girl again.
I was so close to giving this book a 5-star and proving that I didn't hate all of Flynn's books. Then the ""twist"" (which was really obvious if you've read any of her other books) and everything started to go downhill. I was so impressed with the story, the build up of evidence and just how capable and calculating Amy was. But then we get to know these characters more and I can't decide how Flynn wants us to view these characters. We get the cheating husband who is distraught and then pissed. The angry wife who gets a taste of her own medicine. The characters don't seem ""complex""; it just feels like Flynn needed to draw the story out some more. And don't get me started on the ending.
After reading a number of reviews regarding this novel, I was genuinely excited to get started reading Gone Girl. The dialogue was stimulating, the concept fresh, the characters complex and interesting....but the author boxed herself into a corner and as the book climaxed...bang!!! Gone is right, down the tubes, the cleverness, inventive approach just turned into another dead end, imagine if you will ending. Sad for such a promising start. IT's fun to read and be engaged with intelligent dialogue, great twists, but contain your expectations because it ultimately falls flat...for this reader.I am truly surprised that others have raved so lavishly about this novel, its a good 3 star book IMHO.
I wanted to wait to see this movie until after I read the book, I have to say this may be one of the few times I like the movie better. Despite all the acclaim, I didn't love the book, the story was good and a lot of twists, but parts were a little boring. Meet Nick and Amy, a couple who take turns telling this story. As Amy disappears it would seem it is Nick who had something to do with the dirty work, of course nothing is as it seems.The author does have a good writing style, but I am hoping the next book I read by Gillian Flynn will hold my attention better. I think some people will like this book because of the twists, although you may guess the true story well before you turn the last page.
I wanted to like this book, I really did, especially since it got so many good reviews. I was told I needed to read it and that I would thoroughly enjoy it. Well.... I didn't hate it but I wasn't doing somersaults over this book either. It took me getting over half way through the book before it to really spike my interest and I paid for the book so I had to finish reading it.  Plus I wasn't a fan of the journal entries although I do understand why they were important.I would consider reading more by Flynn because I am a fan of alternating persons and her writing is good but I am a fan of the use of the F word and I am sure that kind of language carries through into other of her book.
I had both a positive and negative impression of the book Gone Girl. In the beginning of the story I thought it was a little slow and at times hard to follow from jumping around from Amy's to Nick's point of view. I think that it was a good idea, to jump around perspectives, of the author, but could have been executed a little bit better. I thought it was going to be very similar to many other mysterious novels I have read, but turned out to be much different. More towards the middle of the book it really started to pick up and I really enjoyed all it had to offer. Although this is not one of my favorite texts I have read I would definitely recommend it to someone who likes a unordinary mystery.
This book kept me turning the pages in anticipation, only to end abruptly like a train which has been slowly gathering speed, suddenly grinding to a stop. Thud. Silence.. You what??? What happened there???The first two thirds of this book really drew me in, not knowing who what where or when.... But after the re- appearance of Amy, it got progressively farcical and fantastic- unlikely scenarios followed by completely incredulous plot twists- not even an arrest or charge laid against her .....All in all, a bitter disappointment, although the characterization of Amy was not at all unbelievable..... I've met more than a few scary 'perfect' women with a background in Psychology......shudder.....
I hope the movie is better than the book. It was ok but  I lost interest 2/3 of the way through.
Highly disappointed.  I purchased this Kindle book based on the high reviews on Amazon.  I really enjoyed the book until the twist, which comes exactly half-way through the book.Mind you I did not see the twist coming.  It was a complete surprise to me.  But I did not care for the twist or the way the book ended.  I saw a few other reviewers that agree with me and were not happy about the ending.The plot and character development were very good.  And it's a true murder mystery.  Did the husband kill the wife?  Or was he framed?  If he was framed, who would frame him?I really wanted to love this book, but was very disappointed by the twist and the ending.
The main two characters of this book are really annoying so it is surprising how well the novel keeps you glued to the pages. The first part of the book (the setting) drags for a little too long. Then, the plot is actually pretty decent and/or shocking, that is when you really cannot put your book down. The conclusion, the end of the book is what in my opinion, the author didn't know what to do with it and felt put together last minute. It feels  kind of frustrating, No real punch at the end. Maybe that is her style and I  missing something. It's a good beach read, but completely forgettable. it has gotten more buzz that it really deserves. This is the kind of book you either love or hate.
There's something to be said for an author who can get under the reader's skin and actually make them feel something for the Book even when your not reading it, but I'm not sure I want to feel this way about every book I read.  I liked the way this story was told, the writing was excellent.  I had feelings for the characters and wanted to find out what happens to them.  I was unable to guess the twists, so was always being surprised.  However, the whole time I was reading Gone Girl, I felt slightly uncomfortable.  Finally, I absolutely hated the way the author chose to ""end"" her tale, and this is why I'm giving Gone Girl only 3 Stars.  I recommend it, but warn you to read at your own risk.
I really looked forward to reading this book. After all it is all everyone talks about. How wonderful a writer Gillian Flynn is and the storyline, how it is full of surprises.Is there a different version of the book than the one I read? There were no surprises and the writing is just OK.When I think about a book after I have read it I always ask myself, ""Would you recommend this book to someone else?"" I honestly would have to say NO.I found the story premise OK but that was as far as I can take it. It was so predictable. I heard a movie was being made based on this book. Don't read the book, see the movie. You'll waste a lot less time and money.
Book had me to the very end and then left me feeling cheated. Did not like the ending at all!!!
I bought this novel because I had read Sharp Objects. Well after pages and pages of back and forth nonsense of ""who done it"" we finally find out ""who done it"" I won't say that for those of you who want to read volumes of pretty much the same material to get to the point. It wouldn't of been such a waste of time except for the end. BORRRRINNNGGGG!!! What a boring lackluster ending!I mean if your going to write a great suspense novel the ending is just as important as the beginning and middle of the novel. If your sensitive to language and some strange sexual situations this won't be for you. If you want a great ending... well.. don't bother with this one~ Wait till its in the bargin bin!
From the moment Nick announces he has lied 10 times, you will wonder! When did he lie? Is he telling you a lie now? Is Amy telling the truth? Is Amy really dead? Has she been kidnapped? By whom? Who is the ""bad guy? Amy? Nick? Go? Maribeth and Rand? Anyone of a several other characters? Is there a ""good guy?""Well written and entirely plausible, Gone Girl will keep you guessing to the end.  Book groups will find a wealth of topics for discussion - family, siblings, lawyers, divorce, murder, friendship, mental health, marriage, fame, wealth - among others.Mystery fans and those who prefer love stories or family dramas will find something to love in this psychological mystery.
This story is ridiculous! Yes I enjoyed reading it, but the story is totally unbelievable. It's about two unhappy, self centered, shallow people who wish to destroy one another. All of the details in the story are too pat and quite corny. Amy's plan to hurt her husband didn't make sense. Yes, she is a sociopath, which could explain what she did,but getting away with it is unrealistic. And what about her murdering poor pathetic Desi? Was that murder even investigated? Again, it is a ridiculous story. I do however understand why this book is so popular. People love stories about sick people in sick relationships. Just look at the popularity of soap operas. This book is in that category.
I was anxious to read this book because of the many and varied reviews but I have to say that I was a bit disappointed.  I didn't like either main character and felt that the book had an unsatisfying ending.  I know some readers like to feel unsettled at the ending of a book - like to let the book settle in for a long time after they've finished it.  Not me.  I didn't like that the persons involved didn't get what was coming to them.  I wanted a bit of justice and vindication but in the end, I was reading about two narcissistic (sp?) characters who got away with too much violence and psychological manipulation.I like a clever twist but the ending didn't make sense to me.
The book was  magnificent. I was so I to it I couldn't pit it down. The end stank like hot garbage. It was almost as if the writer pit so much into building the story that by the finish she was over it. Like that it literally just ended. Abruptly. If this were a series I might be able to understand however the lack of any acceptable ending made me feel word  then if the whole book was terrible. I have already purchased of her previous books however I might not even open the covers after this. I recommended this book to many when I was still in the middle; when it was good. I will be finding this  people and retracting my statement. Too bad too because  the book showed thalidomide.
I loved how the story twisted and turned.  You're guessing and guessing, ""Who Dunnit""?  You don't know what is going on at all until half way through the book.Then half way through, the plot takes another incredible twist.  Then it you want good to conquer evil.Unfortunately, after all the suspense and anguish, we are left with a miserable ending.  I was left with my jaw hanging open, refusing to close.  I can't believe the story ended on such a hopeless note.If Gillian could have brought the story to closure, I would have given it a 4 or maybe even a 5.  The ending was such a disappointment though that I even considered giving it a 2.
Took me a while to really get into this crazy twisted novel. The first 100 pages were a bunch of mumbo jumbo that was hard to keep up with. Then towards the middle of the book, the two main people started speaking clearly and the book started getting to the point. Couldn't keep the book down....just a train wreck I couldn't stop reading about. The end was defiantly different, which I appreciated. In books like this, all the endings are almost exactly the same. It gets boring. However, the ending to this book made no sense at all.....almost like the Writer didn't know how to end book. I would consider reading ""lies you wanted hear"" that was a train wreck that made sense.
I started out really liking this book. It is well written & very suspensful at first. But as I got further into the book & the story developed, I started to feel as if I was being led around by the author on a very mentally sick & cruel journey. I hated most of the characters, & felt sorry for a few. I know very well that in every story the author plays God, but here, as the reader, I felt like a fool for caring for anyone. This type of action may well be true to life,  but it holds out no hope for the human conscience & soul. Perhaps that is the message, and as Ayan Rand said,  this is just the ""banality of evil "" once again exposed to those of us who don't get it yet.
I'm stuck on what to give this book because I have absolutely no words that can describe it. For the sake of Amazon, I'll give it 3 stars but it could possibly be 4. I don't know. The beginning was soooooo slow that I admit to wanting to give up but once part two came in, I was hooked. Jesus, I don't think I've ever read a book with two main characters like this. I loved some of it. Hated it too. Like that ending????!?!?!?!?! The amount of detail the author had to do is CRAZY! Everything made sense at the end and it was enjoyable. I would recommend this if you're looking for a mind-f*ck. Big time.And now I need to see the movie because of Ben Affleck! <3 <3
I very much liked her first two books for I like the characters that one was reading about.  It took me several tries to get into this book because it did not seem to be driven by character development. In discussions I have had with others, they prefer this book do to the way the plot was constructed and the finality of the life that the protagonists end up with and in that regard - the some of the plot twists are impressive, but there a couple of plot mechanisms that do not hold water (credit card bills and the nihilistic aspect of the wife).  I would say - do it read it, but I would to recommend first two books rather than this as an introduction to Gillian Flynn's writing.
Ugh...this book. How it became the hit is is, I'll never know. While the plot starts off interesting enough with a missing wife on a wedding anniversary, by 20% I was able to figure out what happened. It was only because of friends that I continued reading. And while there is a bit of a plot twist, you're angry the entire time at Amy Dunn. And just when you've decided you really like Nick Dunn, boom! Then of course, there's the ending, which basically left me seething that I spent any time at all reading this. If you like suspense or don't mind being angry at the end of a book, this is for you. It's not the worst, but with all the hype surrounding it, I was expecting more.
For a girl who only occasionally strays from my preferred genre, this book was a pleasant surprise.  I'm ready to bring on board Sharp Objects and, really, I should include Dark Places since all three have had the movie rights sold.  It's always fun to watch a movie and pick apart all the liberties the directors and producers impose.  Also, to be the one to say ""It wasn't like that in the book"" or ""They followed the book pretty close"".  Either way it feels kind of delicious to know what's coming next when the person beside, in front of or behind me has any idea what's about to happen.  I will certainly be reading another of Gillian's books.  Looking forward to the movies.
Usually I don't like stories where I can't root for one of the main characters but for some reason or another I couldn't put this book down. This was an absolutely crazy read. For most of the book I found Amy annoying and I didn't trust Nick. And as everything started to unravel and things made clear my views on the characters started changing which allowed me to have sympathy for one of the characters. However I was very disappointed in the ending. The beginning set the bar so high that the ending failed to rise to that challenge. I felt like there was no closure and it bordered on a cliffhanger which drives me crazy. Despite that though it was a very interesting read.
It took me quite a while to get into this book.  Not sure I would have continued if I hadn't been reading it for book club.  Books about people, like Nick, who are so apathetic bug me.  After a bit though, I really did enjoy it - but then the ending!!  Or lack there of.  I agree with the other reviews; the author seems to have worked Nick and Amy into a situation that she didn't know how to finish (and the way she did finish it was frustrating).  By the end, I can't even imagine someone as *spoiler* wronged as Nick or who could possibly be more apathetic about his and his child's future.  For such a clever middle, Flynn should have come up with at least a decent ending.
The book was recommended, I saw it in lots of stores so I decided to read it. The book, ""Gone Girl"" starts out slow. I wasn't enjoying it, however I continued reading it. A few short chapters before my library loan was up, the book started getting interesting, then my loan was up and I wasn't going to finish reading it. Then I recalled it started to get interesting so I borrowed the book again from the library and finished it. It did get much better, however it's unfortunate that I was a third of the way through it before it ""grabbed"" me and kept my interest. In the end it was a good story that I almost didn't finish as it didn't keep my interest through the beginning.
OK i will say this for me was a 8.2 as it did keep me involved and i did stick  it out till the end.  It was wierd at times and very wierd at  others.  Relationships being complicated even in the simple ones this was over the top and im sorry im  not  there.  I dont care for over the top in action movies thats why i dont like them,  they always need to outdo the last.  So along those lines for me  it just was ok.  I like more solid  characters and sane ones.  I read Slience of the Lambs long ago and those type of characters are not my favorite.  He reminded me of the Scott Peterson guy.  She was over obsessed and too far out there.  Thats my view and im sticking to it.
I wish the book wasn't written as a diary entry form. I didnt feel like I was reading a book
I'm still having a hard time with what I think of this book.  It didn't really ""grab me"" until halfway through and the only reason why I made it that far was because so many friends - with similar tastes - raved about it.  So I kept going.  And I finally got hooked.  The ending was very disappointing until I figured it out but I do wish there had been something more because it does feel so incredibly incomplete even though you understand the punch line (so to speak).  I just feel like there has to be something more - hence my 3-star review.On the plus side, I can see this happening (more or less) as detailed and that, in itself, is terrifying.
I thought the twists and turns were so great. I kept thinking to myself, ""I'm getting so close to the end and its not leading anywhere yet. But I bet it's going to be a good one!"" I got closer and closer and then..... nothing??? Absolutely nothing but a completely abrupt ending. An ending with no offer for your imagination to even wander and create your own ending. I was severely disappointed. Only 2 days earlier I was telling someone how good the book was and I would definitely read more from the author. After finishing the unfinished book, I will not read another Gillian Flynn book, sad to say. Great writing for 3 stars. No more than that because of the ending.
Warning: This may be kind of a spoiler. I read that lots of readers didn't like the ending, but it was what I had pretty much expected all along, but was hoping wouldn't happen. Anybody who is expecting a neat crime novel won't like it. The writing is clever, alternating chapter by chapter between the voices of the husband and wife. But, somehow I didn't feel in the place or in the characters' heads; rather, I felt the author's voice, toying with me, the reader. Maybe it's just all the hype about the book and the movie I'd heard and read, but that's the way I felt all through the book. Normally, when I read a book, I'm in that other world, but not with this one.
**Spoilers are contained in this review**Gillian Flynn's latest book comes with many shockers with completely unexpected connections, but the underlying theme that women are better than men even if [SPOILER ALERT] the woman is a psycho who can justify a year of planning to frame her husband and then take him back as if he was the one who was wrong is a little annoying. That's not to say men are perfect; adultery isn't the best. But [MAJOR SPOILER] with Amy having no repercussions for her craziness, it gives off the feel that if you're psycho enough, you can pull anything off. And it's not the best message to send to any women looking to get revenge.
This was one of those times when your eyebrow raises because a new idea has such promise. You hang in there even when it hits the dull spots. ""It will redeem itself and finish strong,"" you say to yourself. Wavering from ""did he do it"" to ""I hope he did it"" is an odd place to find yourself. The idea starts strong but you could easily trim 75 pages without noticing due to the lulls. I honestly hung in at the end because I am not a quitter, not because it was wonderful. In the end I was not rewarded. The finality of it all is not satisfying. In fact it is perplexing and not in a good way. Fair warning. This is a decent read but overplayed.
I’m going to preface this review with the warning for spoilers.It was tough for me to rate this book as it seemed to have some major extremes.  The characters are dynamic and engaging, but at the same time they certainly are not likable.  The story lacked action and at times but I kept wanting to go on to see what was the next twist in the plot.  The interplay with Nick and Amy certainly makes the reader look at themselves and their relationships.In the end the lack of “happy” ending and having to root for someone I didn’t particularly like make it hard for me to say I really liked this book but it was certainly made for an interesting read.
I started this book earlier in the year. Got about half way through, then stopped. I enjoyed the writing and the characters but the story was too slow for me.I picked it back up a few months later and found the second half to be quite the opposite. The characters were still interesting and the writing was still good. But the story became explosive ( almost unbelievable). Ki finished the second half in a matter of days where it took me months to finish the first. I will say, while I blew through it till the ending, I was left unsatisfied. With such a high caliber of writing I held out hope for a more poignant (if not, at least believable) ending.
Very hard to get into the book at the beginning of the book. I loved it about half way in.
I really liked the majority of the book, until the end.  Felt like they made not only police but the FBI look like idiots.  I thought for sure the way she would have gotten caught was, their sixth anniversary and it's IRON, the detective goes back  reading her statement Amy tells them she was getting to use her new Iron on a old wrinkled dress Trying to show she never spends frivolous and sees that the iron Amy left out was bought on her husbands secrete credit card.  Something of a twist like that... Something a little believable.  Her abandoned car? Vegas casino , cameras? It just makes everyone in the world look real stupid, doctors, police, iv
By half way through Gone Girl, it's unlikely that anyone could possibly care any longer what happens to resentful, submissive wifey and her Neanderthal bloke. Then comes the twist, followed by more coils, somersaults, corkscrews and hairpin bends than the Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange in Los Angeles and the book becomes a race to the denouement. But it still leaves a bad taste.I'd buy another Gillian Flynn book, despite the fact that it's hard to forgive the appendix to this one of TEN Kindle pages of sugary thanks to everyone, from her midwife to her funeral insurer it seems, for her own hard work.  Could authors please stop doing this?
Disclosure:  Murder mysteries are not my favorite genre.But occasionally I like a good one.  This was not the one.Nick was established as a sleaze-ball early on.  So, no matter how badly he was treated, you couldn't cheer much for him to win.Once Amy was shown to be a jerk too, I couldn't root for her.The only answer was to hate one enough to want him/her to LOOSE.  But that didn't work well, either.It kept me interested enough to keep reading.  I was interested in seeing where it would end.  But an impersonal curiosity, not a very emotional interest.I didn't hate the book, so 2 stars wouldn't do.  Maybe 2 1/2?
This was my first reading of Flynn. It is a style with great promise. I am sure I will enjoy more stories by this author.  Gone girl was slow in parts but in others it was fast moving.  One question that was left hanging is ""why no one in the plot thought of trying to figure out if she was in fact a prisoner the entire time she was ""GONE""?."" Perhaps this left room for a follow up. I really felt the husband was trapped in a situation that he did not deserve at the end. At the same time, he should have had taken preventive methods and had the sperm destoried once he knew his marriage was crumbling. Did the ""GONE GIRL"" get away with a perfect CRIME?
The story had me from the beginning,I literally couldn't put the book down. It just went from interesting to an obsession of wanting to know what was going on, the story was well written felt like I was in the story, then came the ending and I was quite disappointed, I felt short changed. I see where she was heading but it just seem like she left the ending up in the air for us to make our own ending , she went through all that story telling the plotting for that ending, I wanted something to happen , I won't say more because I don't want to give anything away but I do hope the author does another book to give this story the ending it deserves
The story started really well and found that I couldn't put it down until I got to a certain point. Was reading it at the same time as a friend and she finished it a day before me and she willed me to finish it to discuss. The first 80% of the book was riveting but how it finished it really disappointed me. Despite this I might give the author another chance as the majority of the book and the initial plot was very well constructed. One couldn't guess the ending but I certainly found that the ending let down the book. It was almost like she had gotten tired of the intrigue and gave it some sort of an ending just to get rid of the manuscript.
I started this book with high hopes because it is a bestseller.  It was agonizingly slow going for the first half, and I wish one of the two narrators would just be forthcoming with what had really happened. Then I am doggedly determined to finish, so I could discover WHY this was a bestseller.  I finished the book feeling oddly cheated. I could think of some much better endings. Can't really go into what they are, as it would spoil the so-called plot.It is probably well written.  But I could not like any of the characters at all. So smarmy, soul-less, and depressing to the core.Read it if you must, then you will see what I mean.
I really enjoyed this book from the beginning.  I liked the way that the author took you back and forth between the husband and the wife as good guy, bad guy.  I was always switching between them as to whom I was supporting.  However, the ending or lack thereof left me questioning why I read this book.  I actually thought my Kindle broke or did not download the rest of the book.  No editor, or publishing company should have let this book be printed with such a horrible, anti-climatic ending!  It didn't leave me wanting more.  It left me wondering where the last page was.  Do not waste your time reading this book. You will be disappointed.
This book is fairly well-written with a good story behind it that grips you from the very first few chapters. But as I kept going the story became way too predictable. I felt the author was attempting to put in twists, but after one or two they all slowly dropped into the same scheme and were easily guessed early on. The ending left me a bit disappointed. I wanted more. I could have liked the ending if other information was offered. It's almost as if some of the characters got off too easy, if that makes sense. I'm all for both happy and unhappy endings, but only if the author gives good reason for them, not leaving anything in question.
I found this story very disturbing. It was more so because it was so well written and the characters were so well developed. I sometimes felt sorry for Nick and other times angry at him. And his ""perfect"" wife""' amazing Amy, was deranged, self-centered, intelligent, manipulative. She became more loathsome with each day. You got to know the parents with all their faults, Nick's girlfriend, so clingy, the cops who sometimes believed Nick and sometimes did not. Nick's lawyer was a colorful character too. ""Gone Girl"" was definitely suspenseful. It was hard to guess the ending. But when I got there, I couldn't believe it.
What a pair.  By the end of the book I was hoping that they would just kill each other.
I read gone girl because I had enjoyed Gillian Flynn's previous books. While I liked gone girl and deem it with reading, I only gave it three stars for two reasons: firstly, I liked it, but I did not love it. I loved her other two books, I would give both five stars. However, if I had read this book first I don't think I would have been inticed enough to read the other two. Secondly, I felt like the book dragged in places. After certain major plot twists I felt the story line got a little tedious before moving on. Despite these two things I found the book to be enjoyable overall and will continue to read and recommend Gillian Flynn.
I really enjoyed the first half of this book, and the direction it seemed to be headed, as the curiosity and tension kept building. Then sadly, as it came together, I felt myself growing increasingly annoyed at the characters and bored with the story. I kept holding on hoping for a strong ending, but the ending felt weak and depressing and left a lot of questions unanswered. However I do have to admit this story wouldn't have worked with a happily-ever-after and I feel the ending, although not what I had hoped, was a bit clever. Overall not a favorite, but it is different and I can easily see why some loved it and others hated it.
Never before have I read a book where I've disliked both main characters so intensely. Not a single redeemable quality between them. Gone Girl is a well-written, thoughtful, complex read that kept me guessing, which I liked. However, it is so depressing I found it difficult to read. I stopped and started this book several times because I was so frustrated by Nick's stupidity but once I got into it, I plowed through to the (disappointing) ending. I don't read fictional books so I can be depressed. There are enough depressing things in real life. I felt like I needed a long shower and a therapy session after finishing this book.
Warning: somewhat of a spoiler.  I'll keep this short because I don't think this novel deserves a lot of my time. The author can write and tell a story - I'll give her that. I've read all three of her novels.  If you define a ""page turner"" as something you read on the exercise bike, not paying close attention and with no desire to ever read it again, they're page turners. Flynn gives us dark characters, twisty scenes, mindless entertainment. But at least her other novels offer somewhat multidimensional characters and some surprises. I found this one totally predictable and guessed where it was going even while rolling my eyes.
Like several other readers, I would have given a 4-5 star review through most of the book, but the ending disappointed me and left me with a ""meh"" feeling....  None of the main characters have any redeeming qualities (nobody to ""root for""), which I could live with if the plot and ending made up for it.  In the end I kept expecting SOMEBODY to get what was coming to them, but they don't - they just continue  to play out their majorly dysfunctional life, essentially in the same place they were when the book started. Which may be what the author intended, I don't know.  I may try another of her novels, but only from the library.
I purchased this book after the movie came out. I hadn't seen a trailor for the movie though, nor had I read any type of synopsis for the book. My over-all opinion is that this book was so bizarre. On one hand I couldn't put this book down because I believed in a triumphant resolution. But on the other hand it was quite disturbing throughout. Aside from the unusual plot, and all the shocking twists, I was accausted with an abundance of putrid language. The occasional F bomb is one thing, but Flynn went far beyond that. I give this book 3 stars because it was quite suspenseful, but honestly it wasn't a book I enjoyed reading.
It was so hard to give this book a star rating. The writing was excellent, and the story was intriguing all the way up until the final 10% of the book. Like so many others on here, I found the ending completely unsatisfying. Not that I'm one of those people that needs a story to end happily ever after, but I do need there to be some kind of resolution. Both characters just deciding to ""live with it"" and move on is not a resolution for me. If you need resolution, this is not for you. If you love twists and turns and original story lines, AND you don't mind an unsatisfying end, then this is definitely the book for you.
I read all three of her books back to back from Sharp Objects to Dark Places to here and I don't quite know what to think about ""Gone Girl"".  While the writing is sharper and more mature the plot and pace seem less of a page-turner than the other two and I just didn't feel that it was as interesting.  This is not the Stephen King type book the others were and without that mystical or slightly unnerving feel it just didn't do it for me.  If I had seen this story on 20/20 I probably would have changed the channel as it's just not the attention getter that I had become accustomed to expect from Flynn.  Oh well, try, try again.
this book was the most twisted thing i've read in a long time. yeesh! I mostly skipped Part I and really started reading in Part II and didn't feel like I missed anything, which is why I gave it three stars. I was also frustrated with the ending somewhat. +++Spoiler+++ I thought the way the story was going that she would get caught or we'd get some psychological testing . . . how exactly do you implant yourself? . . . I didn't imagine NIck just giving up in the end or willingly have a child with this psychotic break, another reason I only gave it three stars.However, very suspenseful read and very well written.
Already having seen the movie Gone Girl, I decided to read the novel by Gillian Flynn as my summer reading book for high school. I found this book to be just ok, so I am giving it three stars. It builds you up with anticipation halfway through, then the last few chapters you expect something big to happen. However, the story appears to just end. No climax and/or resolution. It was a well-written book with a great plot and realistic characters, and had an interesting end, but it leaves you feeling as if there should be more and unsatisfied. I enjoyed this book but I think the ending could have been something more exciting.
I like to write reviews right when I end books because my emotions are fresh. I had so many different emotions while reading this I don't know where to start except to say it's a cross between Fatal Attraction and the Lacey Peterson / every other 'woman disappearing' story that you see on Nancy Grace. However the book took me through so many love it and hate it sequences that it's difficult for me to not at least give it 3.5 stars. 4 stars for if I didn't hate it so much but that's because of the excellent writing making me invest in the characters. Read the book. Decide for yourself but stick with it - it's a whirlwind.
Well written, enjoyed the story but it had a very unsatisfactory ending in my opinion
I was riveted.  This novel is exciting, smart, and well written.  I have had to pry myself away from it to return to reality.  But I have to say, it has the most disappointing ending to a novel that I have ever had the misfortune to experience.  I read other reviews in which people stated they were unhappy with the ending, but I thought they may have just not liked the way the writer summed it all up.  I am here to say: that is not the case at all.  This book has NO ENDING!  It simply stops, and it leaves readers like me disappointed and wanting more.  It seems like the author just got tired of writing.  What happened?
I was very excited about this book.  There has been so much buzz about the movie, I wanted to make sure to read the book before seeing the movie.  I ordered it to read whle on vacation so I could come back and see the moview.  The book was not compelling enough to me me want to read it nonstop.  I did read it to the end after I got back from vacation.  The first parts of the book were interesting enough to keep me reading, but I was disappointed with the last chapters.  Did not like the ending.  It felt like no ending.  Alot of build up and then nothing.  I am sorry to say, not really intested in seeing the movie now.
I started this book on the recommendation of a friend.  Absolutely intriguing...especially the back and forth points of view.  But, like many other readers' comments, I have to agree the plot sagged and the ending became obvious.  And although totally engaged at first, was disappointed in the ending.All that said, I would still recommend the story as a good ""take to the beach and enjoy it"" kind of book.  I certainly am not a Gone Girl hater.Have fun with it and take it as it is!Janet SimcicAuthor: ""The Man at the Caffe' Farnese"" and ""An American Chick's Guide to Italy.
The book's hook - murder mystery - told from competing perspectives - is compelling.The plot drags a bit - but the characters are, at first  interesting.Unfortunately, about 60%-70% through, the personalities of the two lead characters completely change, and the plot twists and turns like a modern soap opera.In order to enjoy this book, you must 1) suspend all disbelief (just go with the bizarre plot lines) and 2) you have to be okay with the fact that there are no heroes in this book- its chock full of contemptable characters that are not worthy of your admiration or sympathy.
This is an enjoyable fast read with some fun plot twists despite relativelyunlikable and unbelievable characters. In the credits, the author thanks oneperson without whom she says she would be forever stuck at 88% completed withthe book. It would appear from the ending, that she really was stuck at 88% andfinally threw in the towel by just sticking on some shallow, inconsistent andunbelievable but short finish just to be done with it. This could easily havebeen a 4+ star book if only she'd taken the time to work through her writer'sblock and create a meaningful ending.
Gone Girl was a well-written account which caused me to think critically of things I failed to do as I should have during my long happy marriage. My beloved wife's death makes it impossible to correct my errors and omissions with her but others have much to learn from Gone Girl.My rating would probably have been five except for the very unsatisfactory performance of my Kindle Fire e-reader. There were numerous jumps ahead of multiple pages which I was unable to control and had great difficulty returning to the correct place in the book. This will reclude my reading of any further books on my Kindle Fire.
This book was okay.  I like when characters are flawed and when they are developed beyond the superficial cliches, but they can't be so flawed that the reader can't stand them.  That's what happened with me as I was reading this.  There were some interesting twists and turns, which made the book readable, but by the end of the book I really didn't care what happened to whom anymore. I really found it difficult to root for anyone in this story because the characters were just so unlikable.  And the ending was ridiculously unbelievable, and, given what we knew about the characters, unrealistic and unsatisfying.
I absolutely loved the writing style of this Author. LOVED IT. The first third of this book had me hooked. It had action, amazing imagery, extremely intelligently written. The second third was getting a little ""out there"" but still had me hanging because I can appreciate a good imagination. The last third had me scratching my head.. the last chapter had me irritated. Absolutely horrible ending.I'm giving it 3 stars because I love the idea of the book and the imagination. The writing style is my favorite so far.. The ending ruined the entire story.That's my non-spoiler- 2 cents.
A decent way to spend an afternoon or two. This novel was something you would have to just go with the flow and not think too much. There were way too many holes in the story. I did not like the way that author tired to get into psyche with the dairy entries with Amy. She made her sound obnoxious. It almost became obvious they did not understand how utterly stupid she sounded. I almost stopped reading once those popped up in the begging. I was expecting the novel to end with a delightful bang of some sort. Although, it did not. It just sort of stopped, not really wanting more but not really satisfied either.
I really wanted to love this book...I really did!  The author did a superb job in developing the characters...so much so half way through the book I felt myself conflicted in choosing whose side I was really on.  I will agree with almost every review here in that the ending was very disappointing.  I can even be ok with the ending if the author would have even included a prologue with everyone in counseling... Or at least Amy, and maybe show that she has multiple personality disorder.  This is the first book I've read and I'm actually looking forward to seeing the movie.....hopefully they change the ending.
This book is definitely interesting with a few twists and turns, however I cannot help but feel as though the author published this with the idea of a future sequel.  As slowly as everything builds, the quick and unsatisfying finish leaves the reader disappointed wondering why the author was in such a rush to conclude the story with such a mundane finale.This was my first read with this author and if this is the style of writing I can expect, I'm not so sure I want to read any other unfinished novels.  I ""get"" endings that leave you hanging, but this one just leaves you adrift and lost.
Being an avid mystery reader, I enjoyed the twists and turns of this book.  However, the format, a chapter about her, a chapter about him is really annoying.  It hard to make the story flow smoothly and initially is somewhat confusing in figuring out the timeline.  It's especially hard when you are reading on a kindle and can't skip around easily. Frequently, when this format is presented in a book, I jump and read 5 chapters about the ""her"" and then five about the ""him"" to really get into the character.  It's more frustrating to keep going back in your mind and remember a detail. Overall, enjoyable story.
Book One"" gets things off to a great start with a clever narrative device: interleaving and contrasting the wife's diary entries with the husband's telling of the story.Once that's over, though, the book loses some of its momentum, and by the end has devolved into a more conventional ""he said, she said"" tale of counter-accusations and grudges, with an ending that seemed rather abrupt.That said, I enjoyed the novel quite a bit and don't want to discourage anyone from reading it. I guess I was just expecting to be knocked out, given all the hype surrounding the book.
I don't generally read the best-sellers but a friend told me she couldn't put it down.  Gone Girl is a quite interesting and intriguing novel, but it took several chapters for me to get intersted; I almost stopped reading several times but persisted.  I struggled with the back and forth between the story told by the husband and then the wife--not my preferred style of reading. There were times when I was routing for Amy and then Nick.  I believe in the end, they each got what they deserved.  I don't have a strong recommendation for the book but will admit it was well-written and probably worth the time.
While I appreciated the construction of this novel a couple of things got in the way of my total enjoyment.  First, if Amy was so unbelievably smart and thorough, why did she take such a large stash of cash when she disappeared?  I guess there wouldn't have been a story otherwise but it did not ring true for me that a person like her would be so careless to flash so much money when dealing with drifters as she did.  Additionally, I was not very fond of the ending.  It simply did not satisfy my desire to have her punished.  Well written and it kept my interest and I'm looking forward to seeing the movie.
I downloaded this after reading reviews in EW and other places. Everyone talked about how surprising the end was, etc. While I do think this book is a good read, and written well (as opposed to some other best sellers out right now!), I don't get the hype. I thought it was predictable. I guessed most of the story early on.  Still worth reading, but part of the reason I kept at it was I was waiting for that “shocker” everyone kept talking about. It never happened. So if you start reading it and you think you’ve got it figured out, you probably do. Otherwise, I recommend it as a decent, well-written book.
I purchased this book because it had a lot of good reviews, but I was disappointed. While it was a fast and relatively entertaining read for the first half, it became ludicrous and totally unbelievable. Although the author may have intended for us to loathe the characters it simply felt contrived and annoying. Maybe it is just me, but it was difficult to figure out if it was intentionally hyperbolic to be cynical or if it was supposed to be thrilling or shocking. If you want a light, un-thought provoking read, it's adequate.
Well...I have to admit that the book was entertaining; however, it left me feeling rather unsatisfied.  As many people have mentioned, the ending left me thinking, ""Really?  That's it?""  Much of the book is unrealistic but it's consistently unrealistic so it's not distracting and adds to the pace of the story.I know that a number of people have criticized Gillian Flynn for being misogynistic.  But, honestly, I don't think she likes anybody.  Women, men, small children.  There is not one redeeming character in this book.  It can leave you with a kind of icky feeling after reading it.
Our book group read this book and most everyone gave it close to a five, except me. The book is well-written, but I didn't like the characters. I continued to read the book because the author made me care for one of the main characters, but about a third of the way in, I felt tricked. That character wasn't who I thought she was. I closed the book and didn't want to read further, but I did for the sake of our book club. I find it interesting that the story was well-liked enough to make it to the big screen, especially when the story is so demented. Do people really like other people who behave this way?
I felt that writing was good and kept me hooked but I did not like the ending. There were several loop holes.**********Spoiler alert*********The biggest loop hole was that no on cared to check where Desi was on the day of ""kidnapping"". The guys who robbed Amy's $8000 could have been used later in the book, the guy who met Desi and Amy in casino could have been used to nail down the murderer.I agree with some reviewers that you just cannot make a character do anything in the name of being sociopath.I felt that Gillian Flynn finished the novel in haste to meet the book deadline :)
I read this book because I heard it was being made into a movie and I like to compare the two versions to see which is better.  I knew very little about the book and it was not what I expected.  It took me a while to get into the book because I hated the two main characters.  Once I got through half the book, the story line picked up and I could not put the book down.  The ending was kinda crazy.  I think the personality of the characters and the dynamics of the relationship are somewhat relate-able until the end when things go in a whole different direction.  I hope the movie is better than the book!
In places Gone Girl is devious, clever and surprising. At it's best it can sit alongside the best thrillers out there but as the plot progresses details unravel and characters make choices which serve the sorry the writer is trying to tell but which make no sense at all to the reader.I don't know if the book is intended to be a setup for a sequel but the ending fizzles, loose ends are left, characters go their separate ways and we are left wondering if our copy was missing a few chapters.In short, not bad but there are plenty of alternatives which should be higher up your list.
We will have a happy marriage if it kills him."" This statement made by Nick's wife Amy in the novel ""Gone Girl"" basically sums up, in my opinion, their crazy, dysfunctional relationship. I couldn't believe the lengths this psychotic b**** went to just to get back at her husband. (And,Yes. Nick screwed up. BIG TIME. But, in all fairness, these two people should never have gotten married.) Half way through reading the novel(and even at the end), I kept thinking: ""You crazy, psychotic b****."" A divorce would have made things a lot simpler. But, then, I'm viewing things from a sane person's perspective.
I really enjoyed the first half but the last half; the plot ""twists"" were annoying and the ending felt rushed and not true to the characters, in my opinion. But by that point I had no interest in any of the characters anymore, so I didn't really care what happened to them. I hated them all. The last few chapters felt rushed and like the author was trying to get everything in place rapidly so it could end neatly, it didn't flow, or make sense. It was a huge let down after such a strong start to the novel.I finished the book and was annoyed. So my review, overall, is ""meh.
Will definitely keep you turning the pages... was a bit disappointed with the end.
The wrap up (very important to fans of the mystery genre) is almost non-existent. This was one of those books you can't put down, a real age-turner, until you read the last page and say, ""that's it?"". Now I feel like I wasted my time.""  Exactly - said very perfectly.  The ending killed this book, which i was enjoying up until the last page which left me wondeirng where the rest of the pages were.  (I literally kept hitting the forward button on Kindle!).  Because of this, i cann't recommend this book (which up to that point I would have) because it makes everything else, everything you felt, moot.
This book sent me on an emotional roller coaster. The characters were well rounded and had many sides to them which I found pleasantly surprising. Through the book, I have loved and hated each charscter. It went so far that eventually I was condused on who was the good guy and who was the bad guy. The writing was very good and the story line was excellent but the ending of the book condused me. I had no idea how the characters were feeling with the end relationship which I really would have liked to know. Overall the book was good but wouldn't be something I would recommend to my friends to read.
I've just finished this book. It had me pretty well gripped until the end but I am left totally unsatisfied and lost, I feel cheated and annoyed....I've come on here to try to find some resolution, so I've read almost all the reviews good and bad ESPECIALLY the spoiler alert ones.What in the name of all that's holy was the ending MEANT to convey because I never considered myself thick before but I've read the last few sentences over and over and I simply cannot understand what it is meant to convey..,is she about to kill him? why does she say she has the last word? someone help me PLEASE???
I have to agree with Sharon Spicher's review. I had a hard time getting into the book because I did not like any of the characters. Ms. Flynn is adept at creating characters of many levels, with many details, but I did not care about them at all. It was a thriller, very good with twists and turns, but the ending was just weird. I was very depressed when I finished the book. My book club read it and we met last night to discuss it and I was not the only one who was depressed. We all thought the book was disturbing to say the least. Maybe Ms. Flynn should write Nick Dunne's book Psycho Bitch next.
I bought this book only because everyone was talking about it, and I was encouraged to read it before seeing the film. I am certain that if I had been browsing in paperbacks (the way I used to pick up a beach read) that after reading the first few sentences I'd have put it back.  I was as disappointed by the last page of the novel as I was by the opening sentences. But just because it didn't captivate me doesn't mean it's not worth reading or not entertaining. No doubt that at a different time I may have found it a very enjoyable read. I'm going to see the film today - I wonder how it will end!
I've read both of the author's other books and enjoyed them quite a lot.  This book, on the other hand, I did not care for at all - particularly the ending.  The book got off to a good start, and I'd say the first 3/4 of the book was really good.  For sure well written.  But the plot took a turn for the worse in the last quarter of the book.  I felt like it got very tiring near the end, and the end itself was totally unsatisfying.  I was so dissapointed with how the characters ended up.  After all the drama in the rest of the book, at the end I was left thinking, ""really, that's it???"".
This novel carried me along furiously for two-thirds of its length, but after that, it dragged. It reminded me of those B-movie horror films that used to be so popular. You know the ones, the monster is killed again and again, but every time, it comes back to life, and the action continues. Great fun, but after a while, it gets boring. Towards the end of Gone Girl, I felt like that. If the author had speeded up the action in the last few chapters, perhaps edited out some of the wordiness, it would have improved it.But that's just my opinion, and others will probably have different ideas!
I am going with the two top reviewers, who said it was ""fiendishly clever"" and ""totally engrossing"", however, ""dissappointing ending.""  As long as you know this going in and that the ending will leave a taste in your mouth, like stale crackers, it's worth reading.  It's engaging and entertaining enough for a long plane ride or lazy afternoon.  I would recommned reading the book rather than seeing the movie.  Why spend the money at the theater (plus popcorn and a soda), when you can lounge at home with a glass of wine and give it your best ""eye roll"" it deserves.
This is without a doubt a gripping story with all sorts of plot twists, and it was a great read.  Neither husband nor wife is the least bit likeable, but at least the husband is not certifiably insane!  What made me furious was the ending.  I am not a fan of completely unresolved endings which simply leave you hanging.  In this case all you know is that the future will be horrible beyond belief with an innocent child to be the next victim of a psychopathic mother and a manipulated father.  I'm angry at myself for having wasted my time being wrapped up in a book which left me feeling cheated.
A novel that reflects too many years of isolated self-reflective writers' workshopping and a lot of TV and movie watching. A brisk read, but the characters are cardboard (the two main characters seem to be different versions of each other, and I don't think that was deliberate) and the situations are often just plain silly. The author has only a naive, cliched understanding of how the media and defense attorneys work. But it's clear why the book sold, and a smart screenwriter will have found good material for the movie.  This is not a literary novel despite the swooning of newspaper critics.
After all the hype and hearing from other readers I thought this would be a gripping mystery/adventure, but I had to force myself to keep reading it, hoping it would somehow redeem itself. It never did. While quite original, the writing is weak. Told by two narrators, I often had to check to see which one was speaking as there was so little difference in their voices. The behavior of the title character became predictable and her husband's behavior was inexplicable at times. The fact that neither of them was in the least bit likable was part of the reason I had to struggle to get to the end.
Right up until the last couple of chapters I was totally hooked on this book, having bought it based on the phenomenal reviews.  Then the bottom fell out.  Without giving any more away than has already been disclosed I just thought the resolution was just wrong.  After all that happened ""Well.  We both hate each other and now we're having a baby,"" just didn't cut it for me.  I really wanted Amanda to get hers.  Made me feel like reading the rest was almost a waste of time.Sorry.  This might be one of those books that's better if you read the ending first.  Then decide.
I can't really say I loved this book.  At first I had a difficult time getting into it.  I chalked that up to timing.  Once I had time to read it more consistently, I did become more engaged.  I did like how the author manipulated the reader's sympathies; however, I didn't like either of the characters and so in a sense I didn't care much one way or the other.  The ending was not satisfying.  I knew ahead of time it wasn't going to be based on feedback from other people.  So I imagined the book ending in an even more dissatisfying way, so I was happy it didn't end as I imagined it might.
I picked up the book as a quick reading recommendation from a morning news program. It was a suggested weekend read; it took me 3 months (but that's not the books fault) Once you read and begin to see the characters for who they are, the reading is addictive. The writing makes you long for the ending to see how justice is served (depending on which character you're rooting for). Sadly, there is no resolution. Perhaps it's because the plot set up/build up would make any ending pale by comparison, or perhaps the author got tired of keeping up with the exhausting insanity of the characters.
Throughout this book I was riveted!  I loved all the twists and turns.  Then, I get to the end.  HIGHLY disappointed in the way it ended!  I expected more after being on such a roller coaster ride all the way through the book.  I guess the one thing that the author did do right was to make you both love and hate the characters.  I would recommend this book but don't be waiting for a climactic ending, it won't happen.  I kept reading past the acknowledgements thinking there HAS to be more...but alas, I was let down.  This is my opinion.  Read it for yourself and see if you feel the same.
I could nto get into that book for a while. It is not the best book, but a good one. Intersting intake on how strangers can perceive us depending what we want them to see. The husband is likable, friendly and reading the first part of the book, a reader is with him. He is genuinely concerned about the disappearance of his wife. And then he becomes a suspect and he finds out that his wife was the one who made him look like one. She was not the good and lovely girl people thougth. She was conniving and really awful. The ending is not especially great, but a decent one. It is a good read.
This novel succeeds in so many ways: it is well-written and cleverly plotted with surprising twists and turns. It gives an in-depth portrait of a destructive marriage. But in spite of all the things the book does well, I didn’t enjoy reading it. The characters are inconsistent, slippery, cute, and fairy-tale evil. I didn’t care about either Nick or Amy. The only character I felt any connection to was Nick’s sister. Because of my problem relating to the characters, the book slogged on and on. I began to despair that it would ever end, and in a sense, it doesn't--it stops. And so will I.
How do I say this... I spent every spare moment ignoring my toddlers while I snuck in a few more pages. I brought it in the car on a five minute drive to the store. I wasted a weekend of my life pouring through this novel wondering what would happen next. Then the final insult. I might as well have taken a dump on the last few pages and put it on my neighbors doorstep because that it was I felt the author did to me.  Read this knowing that you will ultimately want to punch yourself in the face at the end.
I can't say this is the best book I have ever read. It is very interesting. It keeps you guessing. It makes you want to jump ahead to see how it turns out. But it is not a make-you-feel-good book. In fact, I think it was a make-you-feel-creeped-out book. It was very unsettling, reading this book. I quit reading it at night so I could go to sleep. I am happy to be finished with it. But I do have to say it was an interesting book, just not a feel good interesting book. There are enough creep-you-out things in the world, I don't care for books like that. So for me, not my kind of book.
It's well written. There are definitely things that will take you by surprise, which I appreciate as it seems that more and more books are becoming so predictable. However, there's this huge build-up all throughout the book, it's got you expecting this explosive ending. It had absolutely so much potential. But the end of the book comes and it just kind of putters out, and I personally was left wondering where the last 40 pages were. After everything it puts you through, the book just stops without resolving the things you expect to see resolved. I personally just didn't enjoy that.
There has been so much buzz about this book that I had to see what the hype was all about. The book is divided into three sections and I found the first two to be exciting. The final section and ending of the book was more than disappointing, it was the worst way to cap off the investment of my time. The end of the book felt so out-of-place with the first 80% that I wouldn't be surprised if someone else wrote it. ""Gone Girl"" will now be turned into a movie, which I think is great. BUT...I'm hoping (and strongly encouraging) the author to write a different ending. PLEASE!!!!
I read this novel because I'm interested in its movie that is currently out in theatres, and wanted to complete the book before going out to see the movie. I won't say too much, because most of it has already been said in the other reviews for this novel. Great, suspenseful and thrilling read, all up until the last page where it comes to a dead stop. Have you ever watched a movie where a scene fades to black and all of a sudden the credits start rolling, and you are thinking to yourself, ""WTF?!?"". Thats the feeling you are going to get when you get to the end of this book.
As others have said, the story is well written and engaging and has an ending that most readers would find just bizarre, definitely not satisfying. My biggest problem was the many times I was pulled out of the narrative by unbelievable events that could only occur once in a lifetime. Somehow, these too-clever characters manage to pull off unlikely feats whenever it suits the story line. But I did finish the long book because the characters are interesting and the mystery grabs you. I just wish I hadn't so often been thinking ""oh pulleese, as if that would actually happen"".
This is one of those books you should read so that you'll know what everyone is talking about at parties, not because it is the greatest novel ever written or even close to it.  The first third of the novel is a fairly slow build and then the first plot twist happens.  This makes for a great middle section.  The end, which I hated, is still suprising and I give points for that even if I didn't like the suprise.  The strangest thing is that you will HATE almost every character in this book but it is still a fairly entertaining read.  In short, I liked it but will never re-read it.
Gillian Flynn is a very talented writer. This book is an easy read, full of twists and turns. I was on the edge of my seat until I read the last sentence and thought ""What?  Really? This is it?"" For as well as the book is written, I expected another twist in the last sentence. I was highly disappointed.The book really is worth reading as long as you don't get too caught up on the ending being something great.Gillian Flnn's writing style intrigues me and I will eventually read her other books, despite my disappointment at the end of this one.
The novel is cleverly crafted going between Amy Dunne, the ""Gone Girl"", and her husband Nick Dunne. It could be summed up as ""hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. However in this case it is ..like a psychopath scorned"". It is engrossing until the last few chapters when it becomes improbable. Anyone can see the holes in what occurs and how the story that is weaved by Amy has so many holes in it and how the case is never worked (phone calls, eye witnesses, change in habits) that it just flops and I was glad it was over. Sorry Miss Flynn, but it was not Amazing..
This was a riveting story that I listened to via audible.com. There was a male and female voice for each of the main characters. A very nice touch. Both my husband and I could not stop listening as we were so interested in the development of the story. We both listened to the book in record time. However, because of the language in the book I would NOT recommend the book to anyone even though the story was excellent. I gave it a 3 rating only because of the language. Otherwise, this book is a 5 Star.
Just wasn't my type of book.  Did not like the ending.  Left you up in the air.
Essentially one more story about the ebbs and flows of a sociopath, with the addition of a narcissist to mess with. I won't tell you who is who so as not to spoil the story. I liked some of the turns of phrases in the book. I only liked two characters: Go, Nick's sister, and the female cop.Basically, I'm bored with stories about sick people and how sick they are. Flynn is a good craftsman in terms of crafting this story, but I found it unbelievable most of the time. If it had been mostly about how a marriage can go wrong--a cautionary tale--I may have liked it more.
I was torn by this story; throughout, I switched sides between Nick and Amy; then often, as the story progressed, I felt betrayed by both characters.A lot of the time, I was frustrated by this couple, their choices and decisions about there marriage and their relationship to each other and each of their relationships with their other family members. Both Nick and Amy were very flawed individuals. And although the author tried to convince me that the two of them made each other better, I ended up hating both of them more than loving or sympathesizing with the individually.
I wish there was an option between 'okay' and 'good' because the writing is actually pretty solid, it's just got some issues in the structure that made the writing and in particular the pacing feel a little off. Overall though, it's really a fun read for it's genre. If you like thrillers with strong voice then you'll like this. At times it feels like a slightly defensive narrative which might put people off. Both characters take turns essentially standing in front of a chalk board outlining why they are totally justified in everything they've done. It wore on me after a while.
I was about to give up on the book before Go's advice for a ""Wooden Anniversary Present"" on page 20.The book is readable and enjoyable.  The plot reminded me of a Stephen King novel.  The dual voice timeline reminded me of--everything published post-Lost, or Underworld (DeLillo).  The over-abundance of ironic references were a little boorish because they reminded me of David Spade.  On the whole, I would say the book is a wee bit derivative.  Although, using derivative as a criticism (just criticism, not a criticism, I learned that from Amy) is in and of itself....
I really liked the beginning of this book. I found that the author had a way of wording things that dug deep into the human condition. Incredibly honest. But as the story continued the charactors began to do a Jekyll and Hyde and I found myself disliking the book more and more. The honesty from the beginning began to be sufficating at some point. I don't like feeling helpless and impotent and that is how I felt. I do think the author is amazing. I'm just not a fan of the places her book takes the reader. I read this for a book club and though most finished it, no one loved it.
This may be the strangest book I've ever read.  I don't THINK I liked it...but maybe I did.  The story alternates, one chapter is his story, the next is hers, and so on.  She disappears and he is accused of her murder, the clues overwhelmingly pointing to him.  ""Her"" chapters are, at first, from her diary, his chapters are what is happening in real time.  This is written so skillfully that in one chapter you hate her and the next you hate him.  You never know who is playing whom.  I suppose the ending was inevitable but it was unsatisfying for my revenge-seeking soul.
I heard a lot of great things about this book but was ultimately disappointed. I started and stopped reading it about 6 times. Then I found out the movie was coming out so I forced myself to finish it. The first half was aweful. I didn't care for the characters, didn't care what happened to them or the plot, and found the whole thing self-indulgent. The second half was much better, but I didn't like how quickly the change happened. The twist wasn't unexpected, but I still found a lot of it unbelivable. The ending was very strange and unsatisfying. Overall, fine, but not great
The prose in the first 30-40% is beautifully complex; not complex in a negative sense but rather of the sort of I would really like to get to know and talk with the author.  She did a great job of communicating the mixed feelings, motivations, and actions of the players.  The last part somewhat degenerates to more of ""we know who did it, now how is it going to end?"" I was mildly disappointed overall, primarily because the first part was so intriguing and then ... . But, all in all, a good read.  3.5 stars if possible. I will definitely try the author's other works.
I generously gave this novel three stars. There were a few things I did like about it, but not much.  I enjoyed the back and forth style of writing.  But, in the end, I felt it was very contrived.  I know a lot of people loved this book.  I did not.  I found it often difficult to go back to and very implausible in many ways.  Disappointing!  I read it mainly because I like to do so before I see a movie made from a book.  In this case, however, reading the book helped me make a decision:  I won't be seeing the movie.  I've 'donated' more money than I care to to this author.
I can usually predict the ending within the first couple of chapters. This story kept me guessing, with so many twists and turns. In a previous review someone had mentioned that it seemed like the second half of the book was written by someone else. At first I had to agree with that and it threw me off for about two or three chapters.  Now that I finished the book and saw the story unfold, I see that the twist was intentional. I could not put the book down and kept me guessing throughout. I gave it three stars just because it had a few crude paragraphs that made me cringe.
Wow...what a read.Starts a little slow but definitely picks up steam as the chapters progress.  Not a likable character in the entire book but all the major players are well written and believable.  You really aren't sure who to pull for.  Nick, the cheating, spineless husband or Amy, the manipulative, sociopath of a wife, both have their own agenda and their own views on how things should go.There is no closure for the reader.  A great plot but really leaves you hanging.All in all, an interesting read but not sure how I feel about the entire  storyline.
I loved most of Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl. It's very well written. She is gifted in character development. I had read her second book so I expected this one to be dark, and it did get darker as the book neared it conclusion.My problem is that as the book wore on I started to dislike all the characters. As the book concluded, I had no one to root for and actually concluded that both characters deserved each other. They were pathetic.Although, I enjoed the character development in the book and plot twists, I had a bad taste in my mouth when it ended.
This was a good read; but not the all nighter, page turner, some readers describe.  Great plot, but I found the end to be anti-climatic.  (There's a lot of debate over the ending, I found it to be a cheap, quick way to quickly end a story worthy of more.)  Or perhaps the author is thinking sequel?  Also had some odd pacing, which could be a result of plumbing out story to be full novel.  I think this author has potential to be the top writer of murder/suspense novels.  Just needs more experience in character development, pacing, and well planned conclusions to the story.
There might be spoilers here.Firstly, I thought this was an extremely gripping and well written book.But if police are involved then the plot needs a proper input from them.For example, how could Amy have received all the goods that she has bought without signing for them?I think the police would track her on that aspect.She rang Desi. The police would check his phone records and find that.After she escapes from Desi, she has bruises and semen inside her.I'm pretty sure that tests would show that these were both only one day old.
This book simply was not for me. It is incredibly well-written, but that's about all I can say for it. I hated the characters, hated the plot, and struggled to finish it. The last forty pages were a death march.I give it three stars because of the aforementioned writing quality, and because I am sure that those who have different tastes when it comes to characterization and plot would love the book. Plus, any book that can make me hate it with such a fiery passion has something going for it.In any event, I will be reading more of Ms. Flynn's work.
I personally don't understand why this book received so much hype. I read ""The Girl on the Train"" first (which I highly recommend if you liked Gone Girl), and I was suggested Gone Girl as a similar read. I personally found Flynn's book ""Sharp Objects"" to be a much better read. I was quite disgusted to find out what kind of woman she really was. I read the entire book, expecting there to be a huge twist at the end, but there wasn't. The book just...ended. No one died, there was no unsuspected facts. It just ended.. I was very disappointed with the ending.
Unfortunately, I had to have this book. It must be great after all they have made a movie out of it! So dutifully I purchase it and then struggled to read it.  Very dry, dull and boring reading material. I am sure this is one case the movie will be better than the book.  One fact of what made it hard to read is the way the author kept going back and forth between the two main characters - Amy and Nick.  I regret to say I cannot recommend this book format time reading material. Go see the movie, with that at least one gets a little eye candy in the form of Ben Affleck!
**SPOILER ALERT**I was at around 30% of this book and immediately wanted to give it a 5 stars. At 60%, I was down to 4 stars and when I was at around 80%, still HOPING against all HOPE that HE would come out of this winning and then didn't, my immediate reaction was NO friggin' way! There HAS to be a book #2. I mean, who would do that, end a book like that? And there's going to be a movie made out of this? No. Just no. I gave it a 3 stars for the first 2 parts of the book. The 3rd part, not so much.I still can't believe the book ended this way. Bleh.
This one was a page turner and I read it on a 5 1/2 hour flight, so it kept me going. But that is not to say I liked everything about it. It was our Book Group selection and it generated a very lively discussion with about half liking the book and the other half not liking it. One gave up after 100 pages saying it was too dysfunctional. I did not like the ending but don't want to put that here and ruin it for other readers! I only recommend it to some of my reader friends. Kind of like a movie I know some friends would enjoy but not others.  I give it 3 and 1/2 stars.
I liked it.  The book did have several twists I was not expecting and it kept me engaged in the story.  A reviewer said the ending was predictable.  Yes, I have to agree considering the development of the main characters: husband and wife.When I purchase bestsellers I'm not expecting to be reading a book on the level of East of Eden by John Steinbeck.  So as a consequence, I try not to compare writers such as Gillian Flynn to the great masters as this would not be a fair assessment.In short, this work is a decent bubble gum paperback thriller.
As I read on the two characters became depressing to me. Well written though.
Despite, or because of, the unbelievable character, Amy, and erratic change of whodunit/what's happening several times in the book, I read it in two days.  Perhaps their are serial killers/psychopaths that are as methodical and premeditated (I won't say who); however most criminals really do not have that kind of forethought.  So it leaves the reader in a state of disbelief, reading fervently and wondering what suspended belief they will have to participate to close the story.  However, the reader doesn't find satisfaction because the ending provides no closure...
Before reading this book, I was very excited when I read the review & then to hear it was going to be made into a movie, I couldn't wait to read it. The beginning of this book was very slow. It didn't pick up until I was 1/3 of the way through, then it got extremely exciting with its plot twists & turns...then just as quickly, it started dragging & flip flopping in what was happening & by the end of the book I felt so frustrated with the way this book ended. I felt like this psycho couple deserved each other. At this point, I have no desire to even see the movie.
The book alternates between the voice of the husband and the wife. The challenge becomes weighing their version of events because neither has any reason to be fully forthcoming. What I found interesting though is less the book and how different readers bring their bias to the book. As I read it I quickly disliked the wife while being leery of the husband. My wife reading the same passages didn't trust the wife but found the husband very dislikable.It would be a very entertaining read for a book group with both men and women just for that difference.
Great until the ending which leaves most readers wanting more. This book was a little slow getting started, but then I couldn't put it down until I finished it. Except there was no real conclusion to the story. The author is quoted somewhere as saying she wanted it to be like Rosemary's Baby, leaving you with the feeling (SPOILER ALERT) that the devil was still out there in the world. Let's hope the movie rewrites the ending and provides a balanced books ending where justice prevails. I think we'd all like a sequel where a certain someone gets what's deserved.
The author could have cut out about 100 pages since the same information was repeated over and over throughout the chapters as if I was watching a continuing story and was revisiting the story once a week.  The idea for the plot was unique in many ways but upon thinking back to the story there wasn't even one character that I liked, even just a little.  I believe this is important for stories as it is in real life.  Not everyone is likeable in real life which can makes people interesting and realistic, but every character in this book was close to detestable.
This book pulled me in from the first paragraph and I couldn't put it down. It kept me reeling page after page, and I actually lost sleep over this book. I only wish the ending was as exciting as the beginning and middle were. I was so disappointed when I read the last page that I actually said outloud, ""is that it?!""  It fizzled out like a bad firework. I honestly don't know whether to recommend this book or not. I will say that I won't read another of Flynn's books without a thorough reading of reviews. I will not lose sleep again over another dud.
I was going to give this book two stars because it didn't hold my interest until half way through the story. Up to that point, I wasn't the least bit interested in Amy's story. I found myself skimming pages to get on with Nick's story. Then I just wanted Margo to drop out of the book and float on down the Mississippi to the Gulf.I added a third star for Gillian Flynn's ability to leave me in utter disgust as I closed the book. The only thought that ran through my mind was that these two sick and twisted characters deserved exactly what they got.
I was so excited to read this book! My good friend recommended it, and then I heard they were making a movie, so.. How could it be bad? Well, the short answer is that it isn't bad. At least the first three quarters of it anyways. Halfway through you are still gripped to the story and waiting to devour the book and then after the big ""OMG"" moment you really can't wait to continue! Too bad that pace and excitement isn't held up and by the next few chapters you just can't help but scream at the end of every chapter ""WTF"" this is getting worse!
Great story line.  Exciting twists and turns.  Easy to read and definitely  held my attention............ until the end.  The ending was such a let down.  It actually baffled me.  I felt this writer had a sharp mind and was truly creative until I got to the end.  It seemed like she ran out of ideas and QUIT!  If I could rate the first three quarters of the book it would have gotten 5 stars but the ending dropped that rating dramatically.  In fact, had I known the ending was that poorly written I would never had paid for or read the book.  Disappointed!!!!!
2.5 stars. This book must have looked fantastic as an outline- It has plenty of gotcha moments.  But from page to page, I thought it was boring. I found myself skimming just to find out what happened in the end. Every character just seemed dead behind the eyes. The only people in this book with what appear to be normal or dare-I-say-happy lives are those that had to let people think they're scum.  And I hated the ending- it's disgusting.  This gets 3 stars because the concept was interesting, but overall it comes off as a big whine about the world sucking.
Flynn must have killed the verbal SAT, her knowledge of correct grammar is impressive. Not sure that is important to a good book, though. The book starts off as if it has something important to say about marital relationships, but turns into a horror story with one of those impossible to thwart, impossibly inescapable villains blessed with perfect foresight. In other words, it turns to schlock. Of course, Flynn is going to be crying all the way to the bank if people criticize her book, since it is being made into what will no doubt be a blockbuster movie.
The book keeps you engaged even when you are convinced that you know what the end result will be. You assume you know what the ending is going to be like, and then everything starts to unravel. The ending was unexpected, yet very clever. No one would expect that ending. Life is not perfect. No one should expect a perfect ending in a book all the time. However, I was disappointed with the ending as well. Is there a sequel? I still want to know what happens next. So on that note, you will enjoy the book as much as I did. I read the book in less than a week.
Starting out like a wild fire, it moved quickly and was thorougly engrossing until the last fourth of the book, when Flynn  decided  to come up with the most far-fetched explanations that an intelligent fourth grader would question.  I was really taken with her style and characters, but she turned Amy into a completely unbelievable character.  The book petered out like a deflated balloon.  Hope she writes more, but takes a reality check before she sends it in to the publisher.  Where were the editors????  With good editing, this would have been a smash.
Gone Girl is a page turner, no doubt about that! However, it started going downhill in the last 20% of the story. The ending was surprisingly disappointing. It was as if the author got to the end and had simply had enough of writing so decided to just end it without much thought. As well as that I did not like any of the characters and the wrting was pretentious at times.  But to say I did not enjoy the ride would be a lie. I dont think this book is deserved of all the hype, but I am glad I read it. Will I read another book by this author? Hmmmm........
This book is too long.  It took me ages to get into it, in fact I was on the point of giving it up, when in Part 2, it started to get interesting.  At last it gripped my attention and I became engrossed.  But as for the third part, and the ending, what a load of tripe. It is a complicated story, told from two angles, every detail has been thoroughly thought out, so why was it such a poor ending? It was unbelievable, unrealistic and unconvincing.  I could write two or three better conclusions.  It was almost as though Ms Flynn lost the will to finish it.
I read this in a day. The story has a great flow and the twists and turns will make your jaw drop. I agree with a lot of the posts that were disappointed with the ending. You want retribution for the antagonist at the end that is satisfying. The writer chose an interesting and unexpected ending for the characters that was well written but one I just didn't care for. I was interested in this book because folks were passionately raving about it or vehemently hating it. I think a story that draws that kind of response requires you to read it for yourself.
The first part of the book keeps you very on edge and wondering who may have done it. The whole time I was really on Amy's side.  Once the second part begins and the major twist is revealed the book sucks you in but after that turn of events nothing else climatic happens.  It makes it very hard to determine who the antagonist and the protagonist really is and you really don't know who's side to be on.  This really made me lose interest.  The ending also leaves many thing untouched so you never really get full disclosure on what happened in the future.
With all the talk about this book I figured I should read it.  It was pretty good.  The first half to 3/4 was really good.  I felt like at the end the author wasn't sure what to do and just let the first idea they had stick.  I can see where people would disagree with that but that is how if seemed to me.I would recommend Never Look Away by linwood barclay as an alternative.  It was similar in that it was about a married couple and something terrible happens but I thought it was more exciting and not something I would just see on Dateline.
This book was slow until We found out she wasn't dead.  I hated the ending.
This is a good book--not a great book. That being said, there are a lot of really great, suspenseful moments. However, the ending was a big let down because it fails to leave Nick, the protagonist, with a choice. Instead, he is a victim of circumstance, which left me completely unsatisfied with how the book ended. I was actually a little upset with where it ended. Not to mention that there were some parts--near the end--that were completely unbelievable. I had high hopes for this book, and it was good, but not as good as I thought it was going to be.
I liked this book, but did not find it to be great writing. The plot moves along and is suspenseful enough. The characters are reasonably well written, but the reader is not drawn to sympathize with the characters. I can't be more specific, but something is lacking in the character development.I do like the way Flynn took her time revealing the true nature of the ""heroine"" in the story. I did not see the first one coming, although that does explain the girlish nature of the diary entries, which had me wondering whether I wanted to keep reading.
I found this book very interesting initially.  It was intense and the characters were believable.  The scenarios were a stretch but not too extreme.  Unfortunately for me, as the book progressed it became more and more bizarre and just not possible in my world of experiences (including TV).  I read to the end hoping for some kind of resolution to all the turmoil only to find it sizzle and die.I gave it a 3-star because I was very interesting at times and did finish it.  I wouldn't recommend it and probably wouldn't read this author again.
Well written and an interesting storyline, but I predicted the end long before the ""twist,"" and I hadn't been spoiled in advance. So. Predictable. But still good and worth reading.Nick starts out doltish and pretty much makes dumbassery an art form as the story progresses. Amazing Amy, on the other hand, becomes far more fascinating until the end, when they both just seem to disintegrate into over-the-top ridiculous caricatures of themselves. These two crazies are MFEO. Warning about the ending... it is very.... Soap-Opera-ish.
As always, Flynn does a spectacular job of creating characters in Gone Girl. The tale is dark and twisted, which is perfectly acceptable in my reading world. However, I was let down by the lack of moral fiber in the collective whole of this character set. One strong, endearing character who was not a self-centered, corrupt jerk, helps me be okay with waking up in the morning. This one left me wanting Flynn to dig a little deeper and give me something beyond the shocking.  I'll give her another shot, but another one like this and I'll stop reading.
The book is imaginative, I'll say that; and it is a page-turner.  Still, I would have stopped halfway through if it weren't for the fact that I was reading for my book club.  I felt that the characters were not believable, and they threw no light on anything about the human condition (except, I suppose, that the human imagination is capable of thinking up some really diabolical stuff).  There was no growth, no redemption, nothing -- just two seriously unpleasant people doing really icky things.  For too many pages.  Glad to be done with this one!
Gillian Flynn is a very talented writer - no question about it.  I decided to read this due to all the hype and it being on the Amazon's 100 books to read in a lifetime list.  The start is very slow, and it does get addictive by halfway point.  There are some unexpected twists and turns in the plot.  However, as many readers pointed out, the ending is just awful.  The characters are not likable.  It is hard to root either Amy or Nick.  This book is not a horrible read, but never lived up to all the hype.  I am looking forward to seeing the movie.
I thought the story was great.  There were a lot of twists and it was a fun read.  However, unless a sequel is planned, the ending was very disappointing.  I can't say I shut the book and thought ""wow that was great""...it could have been...it had the potential, but I was kind of mad when I finished it...looking at the last page thinking ""THIS IS IT!?""  I think it's worth reading and if there should be a sequel, I'll definitely be reading it.  Other than that, it was just a book that could have been great but was spoiled by such a terrible ending.
Flynn's writing is quite good, but I was disappointed in GONE GIRL. Maybe I'd heard too much hype, but the characters weren't interesting, the story moved at a glacial pace, and the ending was a dud. I listened to the audiobook version, and maybe the narrators didn't convey the sense of urgency or suspense the author intended. Flynn could've taken the ending in several directions and left us gasping for more, but she didn't.Read this one for the quality of the writing, but don't be surprised if you're left unsatisfied when it's over.
It was a good read but the end was too convoluted to my taste. I know the author is supposed to have a major twist at the end but in this book, it was one twist after another. Also I don't think the end was very realistic. The mother of the guy she kills to cover her crime (can't remember his name) is uber rich but she doesn't hire oodles of PIs to retrace her son's foot steps during that period?? A PI would have been able to find out that they met at the Casino, found the footage and poked holes in the story. Come on now. It's the 21st century.
I have no idea what to rate this. I'm not even sure i enjoyed it. but i agree with everyone else, once you pick it up its hard to put down.It was an absolute mind screw in the best way. I had no clue who was the bad guy - okay not completely true, i did at times suspect somethings but i also kept changing my mind constantly. So many twists and turns!Its going to be a fantastic movie, thats for sure!how creepy was the ending? there was no hope, it was so bleak, but really interesting as well.future ranting may apply
Started out fantastic but fizzled out. Explanation would require spoilers.
Let's start by saying I loved the first 90% of this book.  I was hooked from the beginning. A lot of twists. Caught me off guard more than once.  Fantastic writing and story.  Then.....it just ends.  Ends. No conclusion. No cliff-hanger.  Just over.  Totally ruined the whole book for me.  And any future books from this author will most certainly not be purchased by me.  So my review in short: if you want to be highly entertained for several hours, then sorely disappointed in the end: please buy this book.  If not; keep browsing. Happy Reading.
I am conflicted in my review, because although I truly appreciate the writer's skill and style, for me this book boils down to a repulsive story about repulsive characters. Which in turn renders it as a sort of an experiment by the writer to see if she could pull of and make compelling something so disgusting. It makes me wonder why anyone would want to write this book. Is it a morality story of some sort? What's the moral? Are we all supposed to distrust our significant others? Are relationships a bad idea in general? I just didn't enjoy it.
Gone Girl presents one of the weirdest love relationships that I have ever read about!  Forget Christian and Ana from Fifty Shades of Grey: their relationship is way kinder than the one between Amy and Nick.  Both characters appear doomed by their unhealthy childchoods and uncertainity about the REAL self.  After the fact, when both characters decide to write a tell-all, as Amy sees Nick hunched over his laptop, she talks about his pounding of the keys.  Strange, huh, since computers produce zero noise from the ""clacking of the keys.
Spoilers in this review! I feel that this book was very anticlimactic. The book was extremely well written and the plot is very interesting with all of its intricacies and that it is told in a double point of view. However, I read with the anticipation that Nick would find some flaw in Amy's plan, the proverbial nail in her coffin, that would send her to prison forever. I understand that the fact that they have to live with each other means that Amy won but I just can't believe Nick gave up so easily. I am interested to see the movie though!
Sigh.... this book was a mixed bag. It started slow and I wasn't sure if I was going to make it through. Then it got interesting very quickly and I couldn't put it down. I was happy with the different twists and turns until the end. Sigh... that's where I could scream at the author!! What the bleepity bleep was that mess? THAT'S how you end it??? Really? I feel cheated and left hanging. It was a MOST unsatisfactory ending for me. Booooo!!!!!! I will say thought that the writing was strong, but I'm not sure I'd read another book by Ms. Flynn.
Let me start by saying I thoroughly enjoyed the book! It was indeed a thrilling read with many twists, turns, surprises and intrigue. That said, it also irritated the hell out of me! The characters could be hard to empathize with for sure. The style, though very unique in format, could get on your nerves a bit too. It was very clever and never dull and it kept me on my toes but the ending - although in retrospect I have to say how else could it have ended - really disappointed me. I would still read it again though - great, suspenseful read.
Very cleverly constructed. Slowly drew me in deeper, and I was enjoying the trip. But then......the ending! So disappointed. Didn't ruin the experience entirely, still worth reading. But frustrating. So close yet so far!Anyways, the truly interesting interplay here is the question: how well do you know your spouse? Very intriguing. That alone is a fun question to consider in the context of this book. Unless you reach some unpleasant conclusions! Maybe, in the end, we ARE all alone...  :)Erik Conrad Randall
This is an excellently crafted story with perfectly hate-able characters. I have to give it 3 stars at minimum because it's so well written, but honestly, I hated this story. I wanted to stop reading multiple times but I continued because I had to know what happened. I listened to the audio version and the narrators were great, their tone/voices perfect for the characters - very well done. I didn't like the story, though I can appreciate the author's craft. It was just too depressing, and I didn't like a single character in the entire novel.
Clever.  Humorous.  Unique.  A comedy/mystery.  This is entertainment, not literary fiction.  It’s engaging, although the plot tension doesn’t pick up until about 1/3 of the way into the book.  The characters are extensively, but not deeply, characterized – especially through interiority.  It’s the story of a marriage told by the husband and wife in alternating chapters.  The unreliability inherent in first person narration (the wife’s narration in the first half of the book is through diary entries) is key to the plot and the plot tension.
I enjoy a good mystery with suspense, full of human interest and plots that are complicated. As I read I try to figure out where the story is going...who the bad guy is. Gone Girl certainly allowed me to go in all of those directions and my mind was active as I discerned just happened to the Gone Girl. The moment that what I call evil,became apparent,I was discouraged and even sickened. The book ending sucked it was without hope and not only that but with a sign that the evil would continue, that the life of a child would be involved in it.
I love a good murder mystery. And the mystery is maintained well into this book. But I am also a reader who likes to know ""who's side"" I'm on. As I found with the movie ""Grifters"", I didn't really stand on anyone's (I mean ANYone's) side in this story. I believe characters can have flaws and still be likeable, but somehow I didn't bond with any of the characters in this book. But it held my interest pretty well considering this ""fault""! My ""It's okay"" rating is a high Okay. More like a ""Pretty Good"".
This book is so good...stay awake all night, hide from your kids so you can read during the day good. Until the end. The end leaves you feeling like a fool as you scramble for more...there must be another page...there must be MORE. But there isn't more. It's one of those stories that after hundreds of pages of waiting to find out what happens it just ends. It's more than not having closure or not having justice. There's just not an ending! It's like being cut off mid-sentence during a phone conversation. But you can't call back! Grrrrrr!
This book reminds me, once again, how simple and feeble minded the American public must be.  I had high hopes from what I had heard about the book and movie.  The story starts out a bit slow, but is intriguing.  It builds and holds my interest, but then I realize I am simply reading another script from a bad Lifetime movie!!  It falls quite short toward the end when Amy turns up pregnant again.  The characters and storyline go from believable to just pathetic.  Why this was on the New York Time's bestseller list for so long baffles me.
For the first 99% of the book, I give it 4 stars. For the ending, I give it 1 star. I loved how creative this book was and how it played with my emotions. Just as soon as I gave up on a character, I was rooting for them... then I hated them again... then I was rooting for them again. A roller coaster of emotions. As powerful as this book was, I was blown away at how bad the ending was. I felt that the author just got tired and gave up. I initially thought my Kindle had lost some pages at the end because of an electronic glitch. But no.
I did enjoy this book for the most part. It was a page turner with new twists and turns throughout the book. The thing I didn't like it was the ending. When I finished I literally said out loud ""that can't be the end"". For all that happened during the book the ending was completely anti climactic and left me with too many questions and wanting much more. Maybe that was the point, and she's setting it up for another book but I didn't like it. The beginning is action packed and leaves you guessing but towards the end it fizzles.
I truly don't know what to say about this book other than I wish I hadn't read it. I truly wish that. Is it a good book or a bad book that make me feel sick and hopeless and helpless all at the same time? Was it a clever ending or a total copout? I'm not sure so I gave it a 3 star review. But in all honesty, I wish I never read this book. And that is not a gimmick to get you to read it. I won't read any more by this author. I can take a bad ending as much as a good ending but I don't read books to be left feeling so totally disturbed.
Loved the first half.  Can't say where I stopped loving it without spoilers, so I'll leave it that I couldn't put it down until a pivotal plot change and the rest of the book was just O.K.  I stopped caring about the outcome and the two main characters towards the end.  I am on the ""didn't like the ending"" Team, but I'm not that passionate about it because I was glad it was over.  I did LOVE the first half or so, though.  I love her writing style in terms of dialogue and the first several twists and turns.  Good weekend read.
One of the worst endings to a book Ive ever read. The first half is brilliant and the second half is mediocre. The last five pages are horrible. So dissapointing. There are so many plot holes that just make it rediculous with how it ends. Ive never been so engrossed in a book to then want to stop reading it before the end. The first half is so well plotted and crafted and it seems like the end was a rushed mess that completely falls apart and makes no logical sense. I could list all the plot holes here but I wont spoil it for anyone.
I probably would have given this book another star if it did not end in such an excruciatingly unsatisfying way. Gillian Flynn is a great writer, but she really failed to take this book to its utmost potential. I wish she had given me something to feel excited about when the book ended, but instead I felt... nothing. I would have been happy to feel horrified, or sad even, which is a funny thing to say, but it's true! Instead it turned out to be terribly anticlimactic, to the point where I wouldn't even recommend the book to a friend.
This book is brilliantly plotted with well developed characters but the ending was totally unsatisfying ending for me. It took me some time to understand it - she ended the book in a way that stays true to her characters and while I can appreciate that as a writer, as a reader I wanted something more. Characters should grow and change and learn over the course of the book and in the end, these people were no different than they were at the beginning. That was a disappointment.Not sure I'll read other books by this author.
I read this book in two sittings, so it definitely has the pacing to keep you engaged. But it is a dark, empty bubble of a book. Deeply unlikable characters doing improbable things, surrounded by incompetent sheep. And while the author has a great ear, eye, and nose for unusual descriptions, I could have lived without two different minor characters being described as having a ""vaginal"" smell. Yikes.I did like her writing, mostly, and wonder what it would be like to read a novel she wrote that was a story worth telling.
This one was on the best seller list so long I read it to see why.  All I can figure is there's a lot of women who like reading about how insensitive some men can be.  That's what the first half of the book is about.  The second half is about how devious some women can be.  The only mystery was how Flynn would resolve the two.  Telling alternate parts of the story using Amy's diary is an interesting device; and the underlying theme of the futility of trying to be who we are expected to be instead of who we are earned an extra star.
I really wanted to love this book, with all the glowing reviews and a movie being released.  There were moments of page-turning suspense, but the book left me sadly wanting - wanting closure, wanting an ending, wanting justice.The plot is suspenseful, and has many unexpected twists and turns. There were times when I could not put this book down.  However, the great parts do not override the disappointment of the author not bringing the story to a sensible cohesive conclusion.For me it was a let down after all the hype.
If this wasn't a selection of my community book club I would not have read this book.I have mixed feelings about Gone Girl.I found the first section of the book to be tedious.  I didn't care for the way the author flipped back and forth between the current events and the journal.In my opinion it did get better toward the middle of the book, but I think if the author had divided the first section into two, one for the current events and one for the journal, I would have found it more interesting.
Very unbelievable and inconsistent. Neither of the main characters were very likable and you are left wondering how you are supposed to feel. The ending seemed tacked on, like the author couldn't quite decide how to wrap up the story. Sort of a page turner, but I finished the book feeling unsatisfied and unsure of what exactly it was the author was trying to say: that all rich children with parents who love each ignore their children who then turn out to be sociopaths, and/or that all men are cads, even the seemingly nice ones.
This book is a missing persons drama intertwined with a commentary on the marriage of the main characters.The introduction outlines the characters well, and sets the scene for the missing person. As the book progressed, I found it difficult to like the characters and therefore lost interest. I finished the book, but was left pondering the amount of narcissism and selfishness of the characters. I felt the the tightly constructed writing lost its way at a bit past the halfway point. Interesting, but three stars only for me.
Loved the story, smart and clever. Really enjoyed the alternating perspectives. Loved and hated both characters. But the ending totally left me hanging! I was very disappointed. Reminded me of a college essay I once wrote. Realized I had enough words to cover the requirement, added a summarizing last sentence and then I just quit writing. There were so many other places in the story where the author could've ended it leaving the reader wanting more. But with this ending I wished I would've stopped reading two chapters earlier.
I was really excited to read this book. I really got into the book in the beginning, then the second half. The second half of the book was disappointing. I don't want to give anything away but I really hated the way this book ended.I did like the story it was very twisted and so were the characters. It is definitely a eye opening book because it takes you one way and then completely takes you another way. You really get into the characters heads.  Overall it wasn't that bad of a book but I guess I don't get all the hype.
I couldn't put either of her first two books down. They were amazing. I read them in a day each. I waited for this book after reading her first 2 and it took me several days to get through. I was so disappointed. Compared to her first two books, this one was terrible. I kept looking up when her next would come out when I found the trailer for the movie. The movie followed the book very well. Either way, I hope her next book compares to her first 2, because this one was, while good, disappointing compared to her previous work.
3 stars for keeping me glued to the pages for about 75% of the book. You want to, no wait, you just HAVE to know what happens so you keep reading. (and I think this is why the reviews for this book are so skewed)For me - there was a point for which the story turns and when that happens the book goes from I HAVE TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS to WILL THIS BOOK EVER END because I do not care about it anymore!??I wish the author would have gone a different route with the end of the story. It left me feeling bored and annoyed.
It took me about half of the book before I really found it to be interesting.  I almost did not finish it because it was dragging on and sometimes had a problem with the writing style-not being clear enough.  I actually rated the first half 2 stars and the last half 4 stars.  Our book club suggested the book and then decided not to read it because it was hard to get into, but I read it anyway.  I did like the last half.  In the end, I am glad I read it.  Amy sure was ""amazing"" - don't think I would want to know her!!
The first half of this book establishes 2 characters, neither of whom you will like very much.  The 2nd half gives you the aha moments - many that surprise. The last chapter was a total surprise.  Kudos to the author for disguising that!Overall it's a good thriller.  Not great literature.  The characters are interesting, not great.  The setting is boring and cliche at times.  No great life insights.  No great historical enlightenment.  Gone Girl is solid on the entertainment front.  Take it on vacation with you.
I really enjoyed reading this book and I read it fairly quickly. I definitely enjoyed Nicks chapters more than Amy's. The problem I have with this book is that once I was done reading it I was over it. I didn't feel the usual sadness and withdrawals that you feel when you finish a great book. It was interesting but could have easily been a short story. I am looking forward to David Fincher's directing of the film as he is one of my favorite directors and I think he will do a great job adding suspense to this mediocre story.
Gone Girl started well and I got quite absorbed in the whole plot, however by the middle I was thinking ""these two people are so irritating"" - I suppose by the end I justified it by saying to myself ""it was just as well they were married to each other because they deserved each other"".A book that I couldn't put down because I wanted to know the final outcome, however the ending left a lot to be desired.I expect I need to read another of her books to find out if (for me) all her books have irritating characters.
It's difficult to read a book that is hyped up for its twists and turns since it rarely winds up living up to that hype. Gillian Flynn is a great writer who creates fully-drawn characters, but once the BIG TWIST was revealed halfway through the book, I found the rest of it to be a let down and difficult to believe. Her novels ""Dark Places"" and ""Sharp Objects"" are written just as well and have twists of their own since both are mysteries, but I found those books to be far superior than ""Gone Girl.
I recently read one of Gillian's Flynn first novel and really enjoyed her writing style and the details of the characters, however with Gone Girl I did not enjoy the way she would input comments from the characters directed for the reader, I do not need to be given this information when I can figure it out as I'm reading the story. The ending was not conclusive nor does the reader have an opportunity to see where the husband will go from there. If would be great if she can pen a second novel that will tie up loose ends.
As many of the other reviewers have said, suspenseful story, bad ending. I wanted Nick to get free of his crazy wife and find peace in his life. But he took so many wrong turns that it was hard to feel sorry for him. Amy made one huge, stupid blunder and that was not preparing for the possibility of losing or being robbed of her money. Never keep all your money in one place! Shame on her for making that mistake. I hate when people in books and movies do stupid things especially when there is no satisfactory resolution.
In the end, the book leaves you satisfied: there is a twist, the story is well tied up and the character becomes likeable eventually. However, it is not a page-turner from the very start. I almost gave up the book after having read about a quarter of it, because the story looked flat and there wasn't really anything happening. On the whole, it is a solid thriller (although not very thrilling), better than lots of rubbish which lands in bestseller charts lately - but by far not the best book of the year, not even close.
A mystery written in his story/her story style. The reader gets engaged in the husband's story as he comes home to find his front door open and his wife missing under mysterious circumstances. Soon the reader gets to know the lives of the couple from his perspective. Taken right from the headlines, we all wonder if he did it, and where the body might be hidden. Then, the wife's perspective comes into play--full of twists and turns, fast paced. A good pick for your book club, will lend itself to great discussion points.
I requested this book from my public library almost a year ago, and the day after I finally downloaded it to my kindle app, the hardcopy was ready for pickup. It is obviously the book to read.While I thought the book was very well written, I am not sure whether I liked it or not. Through the twists and turns, I found myself drawn to the characters and then disappointed by them. It was confusing, just a little too much. I just couldn't understand why the ending was played out as it was. Dumbfounded really.
Okay so this is a descent book however, it was way overhyped for my liking. I thought this book would be ground breaking or at least new. But I've watched movies on Lifetime, i've seen real life stories, that have more suspense. Don't get me wrong I enjoyed the book I just thought the hype over it was not worth it. I did make me rethink marriage through. I think this is where the media is turning, bad marriages in general.I feel like everyone should read this but should keep there expectations reasonable.
I loved reading this book and trying to decide which of the characters was more sympathetic.  But I was disappointed at the end of the book.  The story made wide jumps in time, unlike the beginning, and then seemed to peter out without a satisfactory resolution.  Sometimes that technique works.  A book that leaves the reader hungry to know more can be good if the author intends to continue with another novel.  In this case, it simply left me dissatisfied and heartily sick of both characters.  I wouldn't read another.
I'd say that through the first third or so of the novel, I was pretty intrigued, then gradually as the story unfolded I found myself feeling disappointed. Then came the ending and I wanted to pull my hair out. My colleague said it best, ""this is a book that you read and then fling against the wall."" The writing itself is pretty solid but the way things were ""resolved"" didn't seem to fit. I'd say read it if you are achingly curious to see what the hype is about. You will likely be disappointed, though.
It took me FOREVER to read this novel.  The beginning was so long and drawn out, I thought I would never be able to see the light at the end of the tunnel.  I took the advise of friends and hung in there... When suddenly, I could not put the book down!  There are little twist and turns in the book. This is my first novel written by Gillian Flynn, so I cannot make a comparison to other novels.  I am excited a movie will be released!  I highly suggest reading the book, as I'm sure the book will give much more details.
I found the book difficult to get into, with the beginning actually a little boring.  The diary entries by the wife were too long and too wordy; although essential for the plot and to set the stage, they became monotonous and I found myself skimming through them.  The middle of the book, when the action picks up, is quite good, although I thought the ending was too easy and a bit of a dud.  Neither of the two main characters is very sympathetic or easy to like.  A decent book  but it did not live up to all the hype.
I enjoyed reading this book but was a bit underwhelmed with the ending
First off....I prefer nonfiction and fiction rarely keeps my interest past the first chapter. This one was different. The beginning is very intruiging and suspenseful. I was very interested in the plot and eager to read more. Half way through however it lost my attention and started to bore me. The plot turned too unbelievable and seemed silly in parts. The ending wasn't good either but I had been warned about that. Some of the language might offend sensitive people. Nice idea but I wish the second half was better.
I actually checked this book out on my kindle from my local library instead of buying it, and I am glad that I did.  The book was riveting nearly all the way through, but then toward the end just started to flop.  It became utterly uninteresting, and the final pages were so boring that it felt like the end of a term paper that just needed to be finished so that the author could go to sleep.  This could've been a knock-out, an unbelievable and memorable novel, but the last bit just made it feel like a waste of time.
Maybe I waited too long to read this. I've heard rave reviews for months. But I was too annoyed with both main characters to enjoy this book as much as I liked the author's other books. It took getting halfway through the book to like it enough to feel like I could finish it quickly. The twist in the plot was the turning point for me, and I did enjoy it after that, but I finished the book feeling slightly ""meh"" about the whole thing. Regardless, Flynn's creativity is pretty amazing, even if it is sick and twisted.
up until the first half, the second barely bearable and just one big anticlimax lousy ending. I don't know which is more realistic- the whole story and/or two toxic people staying together as the ending. Must applaud her language and writing though- I was impressed by the two distinctive voices and in the beginning I was thinking that I didn't like what I was reading in Amy's diary- she sounded too happy.Oh well, I guess as readers we want a sense of finale and justice, and the ending was just disappointing.
A BIG warning to anyone reading this book: the beginning is slow. So slow, in fact, that I had given up on the book for several months, until the rave reviews and endless book lists it appeared on convinced me to give it just one last try. I didn't much like the beginning, as you could tell.. But if you make it to just over 50% of the way in, it's completely worth it. Parts two and three are mysterious, dark, and wonderful in a way that only this story could be. You won't be able to put it down. So, stay patient!
I kept on turning off and on my kindle to make sure I got the rest of the pages to get to the end of the book. I felt I was robbed of the conclusion of this book. It ended abruptly! or do I have to wait for the sequel? Interesting plot with a very depressing background of a hurt economy country. We can relate to that........The characters were brilliantly developed, you loved them and hated them as the story unveiled in front of us. There were no heroes or heroines in this book. Frankly, a very depressing book!
Up until the last 75 pages, I thought the book was really great and even recommended it to people.  The plot line was so clever and intriguing.  From one second to the next you didn't know what the truth was and who did what. But it's obvious that the author couldn't figure out how to end it.  It was just preposterous.  Without giving away the story, I can only say she would have never gotten away with it because there were too many clues. I hate when things don't add up and that describes the ending to a tee.
It's OK. Kind of boring at times, especially in the beginning. It doesn't really pick up until almost halfway through the book. The most interesting part is definitely the non-reliable narrators, especially Amy, but also Nick most of the time. Other than the big twist in the middle, the rest of the book was so-so. I'm just not a huge fan of books that focuses most on exploration of character and relationships without some added action. Glad I read it and satisfied by curiosity, but otherwise, nothing special.
all that he versus she thinking wore me out. I may not see the movie.
The story started brilliantly. it had everything you could wish for.drama, mystery, romance, psychotic characters, everything. the story went on and got better and better. even though i am an avid reader of mystery novels and have read many, there were some twist and turns in there even i didn't anticipate. but the ending was a little disappointing. Forgetting all that the level of depth of the characters emotions and mind the writer has gone into is simply amazing.IN SHORT: Good book with a s***ty ending.
I echo everyone's comments re: the ending.  That kind of makes me feel cliche, because the ending wasn't, and that pretty much means that I wanted an ending I could kind of expect.  I guess I don't march to the beat of my own drummer! So...SPOILER...I wanted justice!That's all I will say.  I didn't get it at the end, so I was pretty bummed out.  The plot was great; it definitely had me turning pages.  The writing got better as the book went along, though I was skeptical when it began.
To be honest I was not a fan of this book.  I actually could not wait for it to be over.  I did not like either main character.  Usually you feel like cheering for one of the main characters.  In this book I thought both of them were pathetic, awful people.There were some good twists and I did not predict the ending.  The end left me underwhelmed.A good book you don't want to end...you want to live in that world as long as possible.  Definitely not the case with Gone Girl (at least for me)
The first third to half of the book is extremely slow, and if it weren't for all the publicity and good reviews, I would have put it down.  I would look to see how many more pages in a chapter so that I could get to a stopping point because it was just not that intriguing.  It definitely picked up towards the middle of the book.  I thought it was an interesting and intriguing plot line.  I didn't particularly like any of the characters- never really connected- and I thought the writing was mediocre at best.
I really enjoyed this book...at first. I was enthralled with the plot and stayed up late at night just to keep reading. The author does a good job of intertwining the details between the points of view from which the story is told. However, the ending....AHHHH (fist to sky)...so bad! I literally had to swipe left to make sure that was the last page. It was so abrupt and weird. I read some people describing it as if the author had to wrap it up quick. Yep - that sounds about right. Dunzo. Over. Deal with it.
When I first picked this book up, I was enthralled - the characters were interesting and the plot kept me on the edge of my seat.  But somewhere along the way - about three quarters of the way through - it just fell apart. When I finished it, I just stared at the book for a couple of minutes - I couldn't believe that it ended on such a flat note.I gave it three stars for the strong start, but overall, it's just sort of ... meh.  It's worth a read, but I definitely wouldn't pay full price for it.
It was ok but I wasn't into it, really hard for me to keep reading and had to start over several times.  Maybe there was just too much hype about this book.  It wasn't horrible and it did get better towards the end but the basic story was predictable and the writing lacked something to keep readers interested long enough to get to the good evil stuff.  Basically the book was just OK not as great as we were lead to believe.  Several people I've spoken to agree with this but I hear the movie is much better.
the fist part is the mysterious part,a discomfortably enjoyable read. the second part: usually i dont feel like  i have to sympathize/empathize with any of the characters in a mystery-thriller so although this part makes u feel like a dimwit from the start,you say thats ok, this proves that the book has twists. then comes the third part, which,  i am almost sure, is written buy some person other (not an author but a regular person) than ms flynn.  sloppy, forced and DUMB. hope the movie version is better.
Maybe that was the author's goal and if it was she succeeded. I absolutely hated both of the main characters and didn't even really like any of the supporting characters. The story itself was riveting and surprising - I definitely wasn't expecting any of the things that happened. Every prediction that I had was way off. But I just wanted to like someone - I wanted someone to root for. I guess I was rooting for both of them to fail. Page turner for sure, but I was left feeling sort of hollow at the finish.
Downloaded this novel because it was 'popular'.  But only a few pages in I realized, 'I don't like any of these people'. Thought about putting it down but kept slogging on wondering, 'who is the villain?  Who is the 'victim'?  Got all the way to the end and STILL did not like either of these people.  Decided the 'victim' in the story is the reader who is drawn into the destructive lives and of two sick people. Along the way you will recognize many of the problems in marriage.  Your own!  And many others!
Gillian Flynn is a wonderful writer. I love the words she chooses and her mesmerizing way she describes events, people and places. But, I didn't care for the ending of this one, nor did I really enjoy the two main characters. When I read fiction, I either want to identify with the characters, and if that's not possible, I at least want to like them. Not the case here. Hoping the movie is better, but I doubt it. I will definitely read another Gillian Flynn novel even though I didn't really like this one.
This book had me guessing at every turn of the page. I started to think this is one of the best written books I've read in a long time and I read a lot. I never give anything away in my reviews unlike others who think review means summary I understand the definition of REVIEW.  So if you want to read a very interesting book with just as many twists as pages this is your book as long as you can accept the book could be 5 stars if it wasn't for the last 2 pages. I dropped it to a 3 out of pure irritation.
The technique the author employed to tell the story worked well. It gave the reader a clear unobstructed view of the two narrative lines. The story was engaging and entertaining, but ultimately, I had difficulty believing some of Amy's actions and Nick's inability to reach some resolution for his situation. To satisfy my desire for a better ending, I envisioned Nick in a hospital waiting room having to decide between saving the life of his unborn son or his persecutor. Wouldn't that be an easy decision?
It was a solid 5 until the last oh, 5%. Then I didn't know what to rate it. I feel cheated. Unsatisfied. Left wanting. There are so many ups and downs, twists and turns, in this book and then the end is so anti-climactic. The last ""big twist"" isn't even exciting or surprising anymore. I just ... don't know how to feel about the book anymore, when I LOVED it until the end. It was soooo good and captivating and suspenseful until it just stops, drops off, falls into the deep end. I'm disappointed.
I only gave this book 3 stars.  The main reason for the low rating is I did not like the way it was written.  I did not like his chapter then her chapter.  At times it was a little confusing.  My biggest dislike about the book was the way it ended.  I was very disappointed.  I was expecting the book to be more of a thriller.  Especially from the trailers about the movie, it just seemed to be more scarier than it really was written.  I haven't seen the movie yet, I really hope it's better than the book.
Thank heavens the story as told by the unbelievably inept husband -(really, a writer out of work who does nothing but play video games, who promises his wife he'll take her back to NYC, then buys into a bar???? give me a break) - that part ends before I abandoned the read. Then the sociopathic wife takes over, and it's pretty fascinating from that point, but still a few too many weirdos. Criminals one thing, the mentally deranged quite another.  But then, I'm a psychiatrist's child, so I may be biased.
Know while going into this read that it is not the classic cautionary tale of love and mystery. The first half of this book gets into your heartstrings and tugs--hard. For anyone who has ever been in love, you will understand exactly what I mean by this. However, once you get halfway, you will experience a plot twist of all plot twists, and by the time you get to the end, you won't even know what to think anymore. Excellently written, yet unsettlingly unsatisfying. Do I say bravo? I'm really not sure.
I want to give this four stars but I was so disappointed in the ending that I just couldn't bring myself to do that. The way Gillian Flynn wrote the story certainly made it full of suspense; and the back-and-forth story-telling between Nick and Amy helped to keep the mystery of figuring out what was really going on. I would recommend reading for these reasons - and like me maybe you will also have fun discussing optional endings that would leave you feeling more satisfied for having taken the journey!
I enjoyed this book until the last chapter.  Then I wanted to throw my Kindle across the room.  The writing flows and the story just sucks you in, revealing twists and turns and leaves you guessing.  A little far fetched at times nobody is THAT brilliant) but still highly entertaining.  I waffled between sympathy and deep loathing for the characters most of the time.  Then, like I said, the end happened and it was awful.  Genius, but awful.  I get it but hate that so many loose ends were left untied.
I think the idea of this book is quite novel, telling the same story from different perspectives. Some of the observations on marriage and post - recession America are also interesting.The problem is that there are no characters that the reader can attach themselves to, nor is there a likable, central character to anchor the story or give some kind of resolution.I found the ending disappointing, but frankly saw it coming around half way through. A good book for reading clubs.
...Go together like a horse and carriageThis I tell you brotherYou can't have one without the other.""Gone Girl"" could be summarized by the above quoted famous lyric, clever psychological thriller / detective story. It is sometimes humorous, sometimes sarcastic, sometimes bloated with excess of psychosomatic analyses, but in general good read. While the story progresses it gets better, end is quite surprizing and hilarious when taken into perspective. 3 and 1/2 stars.
Maybe my expectations were too high. I started out amused and entertained by the writing style. Then felt that it was getting irritating but I persevered a while longer.  I was glad I did because for a while I could not put it down. Then came the ending. Well... in short, I did not like it at all and it kind of ruined the whole experience for me. One could surmise perhaps that everything was leading to this anyway and I'm sure there are some that like it, but my own feelings were just of annoyance.
Suspenseful until the very end.  The plot twists and turns kept me guessing, which also kept the engagement factor high.  The only thing that annoyed me was the ending.  I'm used to novels and stories that leave a sour taste in my mouth; however, in those other stories I understood the author's intentions in doing so.  This novel though, I honestly felt was a cop out ending without much imagination.  The rest of the novel is creative and imaginative just not the ending.  That's only my perspective.
I loved the premise of the story and I loved the attention to detail throughout the book  and I LOVED the story but I absolutely, unequivocably, hated the ending.  I devoured the book, reading at lunch and before setting my alarm each night.  Flynn is an excellent writer so I am not sure what took her down the fatal path.  Until the very last chapter, I was ready to buy each and every other book written by Flynn, Gone Girl being my first read. Not inclined to do so now.  Makes me sad, actually.....
I won't say this book has a WOW factor...the first few chapters were dragging...infact it was pretty boring till part two of the book started where the actual life of Amy started after her escape. Then it became interesting. All I could say...I feel sorry for Nick Dunne. His wife was one psychopath bitch...I'm not sure what exactly would a husband do if he had this wife in real life...still...I'm surprised that these kind of twisted mindsets are part of our society. A good read for mystery lovers.
I thought about giving this book 4 stars... but it's definitely a solid 3. Flynn had me hooked during the first half of the book, but in the second half- she just lost me. What a disappointment to get to know her complex characters and become so enthralled with the storyline, only to have the ending read like a cheap murder mystery you could buy in the checkout line at a grocery store. At least the ending reflects what her main characters disintegrate into - desperate, unbelievable, and unlikable.
Sorry but what the hell? I don't understand why this book got rave reviews. It's written well, yes. It has twists and turns, yes. But STILL WHAT?! The ending of this book is just lame. I'm very disappointed that I paid for this book to be honest.So this guy loses his pregnant wife and everyone thinks that he killed her which is typical. Then he thinks that she's still alive and is framing him for the ""murder."" The ending will leave you hanging with a bitter taste in your mouth.
This book engaged me right away and the chapter transitions made me want to keep reading.  I enjoyed the true crime in a fictional story tone of the book.  However, the ending was a total letdown.  I felt like the author got tired of writing and just ended it.  Also, some of the plot twists were a little far-fetched.  Finally, I don't believe that police would just accept Amy's story they way they did with no follow up.  This book was a little simple in terms of going into the mind of a sociopath.
I typically like to find someone to like in the books I read, traditionally the flawed protagonist. Call me old-fashioned, but as both of the main characters are despicable, I found it difficult at first to get interested. However, the author's style and first-person voice(s) are so well-done, I did eventually get hooked and found the desire to hang in until the end, which I did then find a bit predictable. That said, I like character studies, and boy-oh-boy does this novel deliver on that score!
Not sure what all the rave was about how ""creepy"" this book was. With all the extensive coverage this book received, I expected more.  It's fine and it's a good/entertaining read.  I am probably being over-critical giving it 3 starts, but I had very high hopes for this book based on what I'd heard from other readers (e.g., you HAVE to read this book, OMG!, etc.). Don't put it at the top of your list -- but as with any best seller of this magnitude, I'd recommend reading it at some point.
I find it hard to pin down my feelings about this book. I started by disliking the female character so much and that never changed. He was likable for his guy comments and self defacement then became utterly annoying for having no backbone in the end. I loved the description of ""good girls""And why men don't like smart women...sadly on target. It kept me til the end as I wanted to see how she worked her so did magic, tho unbelievable. Oh and did he pay the lawyer $100,000 and if so, how????
I have this book 3 stars because it was very well-written, so well-written that it almost compensated for the unlikable characters. ALMOST.  It is difficult to remain interested in the story of people no sane person would route for. I have other criticisms and praise but cannot discuss without revealing too much. Ultimately, my biggest gripe with the book was that the story was about textbook bad people. Bad people don't hold my interest, but Flynn managed to do that- albeit barely. But she did.
I read this mostly to discover the ending before some reporter spoiled it for me.  A psychological thriller, interestingly written back and forth from 2 people's perspectives, husband and wife.  Thought provoking, but in the end, unrealistically contrived.  Unless you see psycho killers behind every face on the street, or in your family.  It did open my eyes more to my spouse's perception,  and therefore might make me a better spouse.  At least I appreciate not being married to a total nut job.
Let me start off by saying the book had a great storyline. I mean I couldn't put it down. But when I finished it I was so disappointed!  I read the book for nothing! NO crazy clever ending, nothing. The book literally just stop like all the crazy stuff I just read was ME making it all up because the ending was just so bland. I was reading this book along with my girlfriend (we purchased it at the same time) I finished before and save her her time and told her what happened. So me let save yours
I finally finished this book.  I did not plan to read it but my daughter wanted it and loved it.  I am not a fan of thrillers.  I like my books to have happy endings.  This one does not.  This book is very well written and beautifully edited.  Yes, it keeps you on the edge of your seat.  You can't wait to see what happens next.  I just wanted to finish.  I like characters to get what they deserve.  And unless there is a sequel in the works giving me that ending, it won't happen with this story.
I liked this book til I got to the end.  It was definitely a page turner.  Then it just ended. Last page came and voila The End!  I know this is going to fly in the face of most of those who have given it 5 stars. I get the supposed ""psychological"" craziness this book was attempting to portray, but there could have been a better ending, one that impacted more.  I will say that to those who loved this book, the ending has definitely set the stage for a sequel.  Just not sure I'd read it!
Ms. Flynn does interesting things with narration and the reader's view of the characters does undergo a change in the course of the novel.  She captures the 'midwesterness"" of her setting.  However my primarily problem with the book is that it is too long.  Sadly, I found myself becoming bored with the retelling of the story, even though more of the trickery is revealed in some detail.  Am not quite sure how and why this was a best seller.  Wonder who bought the most copiies:  men or women?
It pains me to give this book 3 stars since it started so amazing. I was hooked into this book and pulled ino Nick and Amy's narrative. It was so engrossing! Then came part 2 of the book, that's when my interest began to decline. By the last few chapters I had to force myself to finish the book. The ending left such a bad taste in my mouth. I had to double check to make sure there wasn't more pages. I had high hopes for this book, but the end fell flat for me and left me feeling dissatisfied.
I bought this book because it was such a hit with other readers and adopted it for our book club.  I have to say that I was soooo... disappointed in the read.  The book takes a while to warm up in the beginning but when it does (about half way through) it really gets good.  The only think I didn’t like was the ending.  I felt like after putting so much effort to make through the book, the ending would be fantastic.  Needless to say I was very embarrassed to have suggested it to the book club.
I honestly loved this book until the last 10 pages! I love the twits and turns and the character development. The ending ruined the whole thing. There was SO much potential! I knew some friends liked the ending and some didn't, so I was very anxious to see which category I'd fall into, definitely the latter!  I like unusual endings, but there is a big difference between ""unusual"" and just plain ""BAD."" It was great till the end, so I would say read it and decide for yourself how the ending is.
After a somewhat slow start, this novel pushes you at breakneck speed from one twist to the next. It is a cleverly plotted page turner that takes you on an emotional roller coaster along with the pivotal characters. Once started, you will have a hard time putting it down. However, the ending left me feeling cheated. Yes, I get the point that the main characters are both pathetic people and that they continue on in some sick semblance of life. For me, it was an unsatisfying climax nonetheless.
This was a good mystery/thriller, but I do have to say it's not worthy of all the hype. Took me forever to get through the first 1/3 of the book and I really wanted to quit reading. It picked up in the second part so it got better and I stuck it out. Ending was disappointing.I do have to say I liked the writing style how the chapters alternated from Nick's perspective to Amy/Amy's diary. Otherwise I do have to say I've read better books that pique my interest right from the start
The book starts out pretty slow and you're wondering okay, where isnthis going here? By the time you're about to put the book down, it picks up and hooks you pretty well. The story line keeps you very enticed as to what's going to happen but the ending in my opinion is not worth the anticipation. I wasnt satisfied toward the end. Intake nothing away from the author though as the ending can just be a revelation of what two mentally sick people do to one another and how they deserve eachother.
Why do these types of stories get such good billing? Creepy sad emotionally disturbed people hurting each other...despite the clear writing and in your face characters and good plot twists, make a forgettable read. A bookclub discussion and sale made me read it and I wasn't sure what to expect but after seeing the movie trailer and hearing the little buzz, I was curious. I'm not sorry I read it, but I'm disappointed. No redeeming value in the story or characters, despite being well written.
So typically I read a narrative of books and make my own decisions to read or not to read, but I read this soley on the number of reviews which was huge.  I WISH I HAD READ THE REVIEWS.  I really, really had a hard time keeping with the story..it did have alot of turns and twists, but the end totally, totally dissappointed me.  I didn't care about the language or how it was written from the different views, but I hate to quit reading a book midway thru--this one again, disappointed.  Sorry
I literally just finished this book. I was sucked in from the very beginning. I stayed up late reading. I snuck in a page or 10 whenever I could. I was mesmerized. I loved the back and forth story telling. He said, she said. Past and present. Who's really the bad guy.  Then suddenly the book ended. Without the story being resolved, in my opinion. In a day or two I might think this is brilliant, letting us finish the story ourselves, which I'm not opposed to. But right now I don't like it.
It was a little slow.  Took half way thru the book to get into it.
This book will definitely make you think.  I would have given it 4 stars if Flynn had of given me something to hold on to in the end, but nothing worthwhile.  The story of Amy and Nick is probably not that far fetched in this day and time of evil band crime, but I like living inside my head of peace and innocence.  If you want to be enthralled up to your ears for days reading their very interesting story just to have it end...with nothing to hold on to, then this book will do it for you!
Too Too much. I figured out what happen during the first third of book. Your never sure your right but the story was leading in that direction. The story was Way too convoluted.  I think the author try to do much. I did give the book 3 stars because I actally enjoyed some of the writing and dialog.  Parts had me smiling and laughing. But I got the feeling the author would write and say OK OK what can I do next. Enough already. The author definitely has talent, she needs too reign it in.
One big reason I decided to read this is because the movie is coming up soon.I got hooked to it at the start, but as it went ahead it started resembling your typical Sidney Sheldon novel. Love story cum thriller, with some twists - Gillian Flynn weaves it well. I like the first person narrative , and the fact that its an alternate 2-character narrative grabs your attention for a while. Fast read, so might as well go for it if you looking for a drama, love story cum mild thriller.
I thought the first half of the book definitely held my interest. Though halfway through it I found myself thoroughly disliking the characters and not being vested in their lives at all. I pushed myself to finish the book only to find the end very disappointing. I wouldn't recommend the book. If only the author could've kept up the interest of the first half of the book, or at the very least had a more interesting ending. It seemed she just ran out of steam and ended the book abruptly.
The author has written a book that keeps the reader's attention, but she is no Patricia Highsmith. I had read reviews here and expected the ""twist"" to be amazing, but I had already figured out what she had done. No shock. No one to actually care about, and there's the problem..neither person, Nick or Amy, is sympathetic or human in any way.I turned the pages, it kept my interest, but it was eventually disappointing.Lots of suspense, I suppose, no heart.
On the plus side, the book was exciting and hard to put down.On the other hand, it is not beautifully written, nor did it help me explore my inner psyche or society at large. I found the characters hard to relate to and sympathize with; Amy begins the book as a dumb stereotype, and ends as a psychotic stereotype; Nick misogynisically generalizes his hatred of his wife towards all women. I found the major plot twist annoying. I was glad to finish it and move on to something else!
But it's worth repeating - I HATE THE ENDING.  This book was very engaging from the first page and the twists and turns kept me guessing throughout, but I can't express enough how much the ending disappointed me.  I would have given it one star just for that, but I truly enjoyed almost every other part of the book, so that didn't seem fair.  The characters, while not very likable, are compelling and it was worth the read, but I'm glad I just borrowed the book instead of paying for it.
Note to self; just because its a "" best seller "", does not mean its a ""best novel"" . It's a beach blanket read at best.Very predictable and a bit pedestrian. I felt like I was rushing home to watch hln news with Nacy Grace every day . In the end, I felt a bit icky for hanging in there.  Its pretty much the Scott Peterson story, but oooh, theres a twist ! I must say, after learning Ben Afflec was the lead halfway through the story did not help.  Call me cyclical.
What a pathetic ending.  I was on pins and needles the whole entire time I was reading, and towards the end I am getting anxious wondering how it was going to end, and then it just ended. It was over.  Right to the acknowledgements.  I started thinking it was Amy's acknowledgments for her book, but it wasn't.  It was the end of the book.  I am sitting here thinking there has to be more. There HAS to be more to this story.  I get that Nick was screwed, but come on.  Very disappointed.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book until the final few chapters. I was intrigued by the POV twists and the character development, despite the fact that I had to seriously suspend belief as the clever, complexities unravelled.  Nobody is that clever or patient or determined unless they have an author manipulating their every move. Three stars for keeping me interested but I've heard that the movie version will have a different ending so I'm hoping for a much more satisfactory conclusion.
I'm not a huge fan of mystery novels, but a few friends recommended ""Gone Girl"" so I picked up a copy.  Flynn manages to make you think, something that other mystery authors sometimes seem to overlook in pursuit of the next big twist.  Not to say that ""Gone Girl"" lacks for plot twists--it certainly has enough to make any avid mystery reader happy.  Overall, it was a worthwhile, enjoyable read.  Will I search out Flynn's earlier works?  Probably not.  But many will and rightfully so.
I enjoyed this book very much--the writing, the two alternating points of view--until I got to the end. And then I was infuriated. To bring the reader on this exciting ride full of twists and turns and then conclude with a contrived ridiculous ending only left me angry. Halfway into the novel, I had gushed ""the best book I've read in a long while"" to more than a few people. Next time, I'll finish the novel first. What happened? Seems like Ms. Flynn ran out of ideas, steam, or what?
I read Gone Girl quite quickly as it's a real page turner from the very first chapter. The author does an incredible job of making the reader alternate between liking and disliking both main characters. Every detail is well written and described. My only criticism is that the ending fell flat for me. There were so many ways this book could have ended, and I found the ending a bit stale. However, I still recommend reading it because it really is very well written, dark, and intense.
I heard a lot about this book so I was really interested in reading it. It hooked me quickly and kept my attention. The plot twists were nice though somewhat predictable. I would of gave this book a better review had it not of been for the ending. I feel like the writer was not sure how to end it so she just did. I felt let down, I got this great twisty story and then BLAH. DONE. I am usualy not one for changing books when they make them into movies but I really hope this one does.
Flynn is a crafty writer, grabs you right away and lures you into each new chapter despite (or perhaps because of) the bizarre thinking or dishonesty of the main characters, neither of whom are particularly likeable or credible.  Many twists and turns, seldom dull, but in retrospect not worth the hours and concentration required to get through this tangled tale.  Not an uplifting experience.  Although she is very clever, I will not be putting any further Flynn books into my queue.
I would have given this 2 1/2 stars if I could have. The author deserves credit for keeping the two story lines going. I read this because I've heard they are making a movie of it, several friends in the past read it and I thought it was time to catch up. It was a roller coaster ride for sure - but not the kind you like with suspense, etc. I kept wondering WTH was this author trying to say - and wondering how they are going to do a movie (that I won't go see). BIG disappointment.
I have never read such a well-written psychological thriller with such an utterly disappointing, unfulfilling, and unbelievable ending. The book was somewhat believable and I couldn't wait to see what happened to the characters. When it was over, I was actually angry at the author for stringing me along for several hours of my life to come to this cop-out of a conclusion. I give it three stars for capturing my attention and imagination. It was a five star book until the last 15%.
The basic plot is a well done 'did he do it?'. The reader will vacillate on their feelings of guilt and victimization. Though the story gets deeper as the plot unfolds, my interest in the main characters got less. I was never able to develop any real connection to Nick or Amy. Either good or evil, usually there is some connect that keeps your interest. I wanted justice to be done, but I never cared about Nick or Amy. Good story, very interesting plot, not very interesting people.
To be fair, I enjoyed this book and the author's writing style. Great story line that hooks the reader early and keeps them wanting more right up to the end. As the plot thickens, the reader gets more engrossed, just knowing that a surprise ending is going to bring a smile to his/her face. Not so! For such a provocative story, the ending was anti-climatic. A real disappointment, if Im being honest. In some ways, the ending wastes a very well written book. Thus, only three stars.
I enjoyed this book up until the end, or lack of an ending, would be a better description! I felt like I was watching the Sopano's finale all over again and my screen went to black! I had to check for technical problems with my Kindle. It was working, I guess the author just forgot to turn in the entire manuscript. Unlike the Sopranos the lack of ending to this book made no sense and can't be explained or artisticly justified . It just leaves the reader angry and feeling robbed.
I really hate to be redundant at this point but....I hated the ending!!! I get it that there are some marriages that are dysfunctional and work in a sick way but really?? To have all those twists and turns and to end with him just giving up in a sense is ridiculous. I was definitely hooked for the first two sections but could have almost done without section 3. There seemed to be no resolution and it makes me want to demand a new ending or a sequel that allows for some closure.
After seeing this book, Gone Girl, on the NYT Best Seller List for many months, I thought it would be worth reading.  Unfortunately, I found it slow and predictible with an unsatisfactory ending.  I probably should have seen that coming.  It didn't take long to understand that things were not as they appeared and to figure out what was coming next.  Neither of the main characters was appealing.  After slogging through to the end, there should have been some kind of retribution.
After all of the hype, and a movie (which I didn't see,) I was expecting a truly spectacular book.  I found it  very slow and boring, and really struggled to finish it.  The fact that I did finish it was partly due to being slightly OCD and unable to leave anything unfinished.  The characters (being largely undeveloped) were shallow and unlikeable.  The predictable plot moved at a snail's pace.  I wanted to be impressed, as I find so few page turners these days, but...oh well.
This book had such potential. It started out with such a bang, and at the beginning of part two, I was so excited, ""this is an amazing book! I have been wanting a book like this for so long to reel me in!"" It had such twists, was so unexpected that it really made you stop and ponder all the possibilities. Unfortunately, about 3/4 of the way through the book, it was like they changed authors and I can't begin to tell you how disappointing the ending is. What a let down.
At first I didn't like the characters and I almost put the book down .. I didn't like Amy. Then I didn't like Nick. Then I was very afraid of AMY!The book was good, but I wanted a different ending. I wanted Amy to slip up and I wanted Nick to be rid of her. Honesty, I wanted Amy's life to be over in the same way that she ruined other peoples lives. That wasn't the ending and so I just feel completely dissatisfied, which is why I gave the book 3 stars.M.
This is a hard book to rate. I wavered between two and three stars. The book starts out interesting and until about two-thirds of the way through remains interesting--lots of back and forth, which leaves the reader wondering who is telling the truth and what has really happened. However, the build up to the ending takes an unbelievable turn and the story goes down hill from there. I read that the author struggled with the ending and unfortuantely, it comes through in the book.
The book is very well written and filled with suspense.  The main characters are well developed and interesting.The plot is very imaginative--beyond belief, actually.  But, I did tire of the foul language which I thought veryunnecessary to the plot. The ""f-bomb"" is dropped liberally; I don't enjoyi reading that word over and over again.Otherwise, our book club will enjoy reviewing this book as it's plot is very well done and surprises lurk throughout.
It took a good portion of the book to grab me. Once an important piece of information was shared, I could not stop reading. It was a nice little twist. Many people say they did not like the ending, but I think it was well done allowing for much thought and the use of one's own imaginings as to how the book might have gone on. The ending certainly does allow for a possible sequel.  One of the main character's psyche reminds me of Kevin in the novel We Need to Talk About Kevin.
The first half of the book was very well written, the characters were three-dimensional, the prose fluid and the plot was cleverly laid out.  The ending, however (particularly the final quarter of the book) felt shallow and hasty.The initial structure of the plot was so well crafted that an anticipation was created for a stunning, intelligent ending.  This, however, was not the case.  Some readers may also have ethical issues with the way the ending was developed.
This is a hard book to rate. I don't like the constant f-bitch cussing. I don't like the ending. At the end, I don't like the characters any more.  I had a hard time getting into the book in the beginning, it's slow moving.  What I do like is the twists that kept me reading the book in the second half. So I don't know if the pros outweigh the cons? Is it good writing if the author can make you like some of the characters in the beginning and hate them at the end? I think so.
A well written murder mystrery, which keeps you guessing to the end. Unfortunately I couldn't relate to either psychotic Amy or perfect husband Nick. There didn't seem to be much of a connection between them. However I did enjoy this book enough to recommend the read. There were unexpected twists at the end which were totally unpredictable. The book and movie were not dramatic, or gripping as you would expect from a muder mystery, it was a bit flat, the movie is the same....
Can wait to see what T.V. will do with this.  Spoiler alert!!!!! Amy is cra cra and causes her own disappearance. And kills her old high school boyfriend, and gets herself pregnant.  Amazing...I think she used a Turkey Baster....because that is the way things are done now....This book was being read by a character in the Netflix  ""Orange is the New Black.""  How about you simply watch  ""Orange is the New Black"", and watch and see who is reading the book.
I remember my English teacher saying that every good story will have a beginning, a middle and an end. Sounds simple enough right? This book had me hooked. I loved the beginning, then the middle was even better and I stayed up late to find out what was going to happen at the end.. I had a few theories but nope! was so disappointed with the ended that when I looked at the book as a whole..it just wasn't that good. it had so much promise but just failed on the follow through.
I read rave reviews and decided to read it, recommended it to my book club. I found the first section sluggish and slow for about two thirds of that part, then it picked up from there. Gillian Flynn is like a female Stephen King, you're not sure where she's taking you or really if you want to go, but you can't stop yourself from following along. I can't imagine the movie can do justice to the book. Its a great book club read because its bound to start a lot of discussion.
Well written as a mystery, however too much detail at the beginning.  My husband could only read 100 pages and quit.When I saw it was on the best seller list and only 3 stars I knew it had to be the ending.  Authors have the biggest problemclosing a story.  It kept me reading - did a lot of skimming at the beginning.  It was our book club selection and it surebrought out a lot of good discussion.  Consensus is there is probably going to be  another book.
I'm struggling to give this 3 stars.  I really hated this book.  At first it was interesting and kept me intrigued, but then it spiraled down into a dark hatefulness that made it difficult for me to even finish the book.  I have a strong tendency to ""take on"" the feelings of books I read while I am reading them, then it may take me a day or so to shake off those feelings.  This book left me feeling angry.  One thing is certain for me:  I will NOT watch the movie.
This book started out to be a very interesting mystery/thriller.  But 3/4 of the way through it I began to see what the twisted finish would be.  Therefore the ending was very dissapointing.  Very twisted.  I have vowed to never read another book by Gillian Flynn.  But I did like the format of ""his story/her story"".  I had wanted to see the movie but after that ending I have no interest in seeing the movie at all even tho Ben Affleck is one of my favorite actors.
I had heard so many people rhapsodize about this book that I thought I would really like it. I wanted to read it before the movie came out, but  I got about 100 pages in and stopped. I didn't like Nick or Amy -- and, granted, that's a major point of the book, that both of these people are damaged, angry and manipulative. But because there was no one to root for, I found I didn't have any interest in what happened to them. The writing isn't bad, but I just lost interest.
Curious to see how this movie turns out. I was really disappointed in how the ending was written, especially because Ms. Flynn wrote such a great book. I love her style, but the ending just seemed like a 'quick wrap up' to such a beautifully written and complex story line. I don't have a problem with the ending itself (well, maybe a little) I just think Ms. Flynn has more talent than the ending implies. Seemed like a neat, commercial tie-up with a fairly mundane twist.
Not written in typical story telling style.  Back and forth between characters...recommend getting a preview if you have a kindle before purchase.  The story 3/4 way through you will say, I predicted that, just like when watching a movie and you say, oh yeah I could see that coming.  Didn't like the ending at all and won't say why as it will be a spoiler. I'm wondering how they will make this into a movie because of the way the book was written, should be interesting.
OK.  I must admit I really enjoyed reading the book.  The author put together a Hell of a story with a lot of unexpected twists.  I agree with many of the other reviewers that the book was in the ""couldn't put down"" category, but I also agree with those reviewers who pointed out and condemned the disappointing ending.  What was the author thinking ? As for character development, both Amy and Nick are nothing if not memorable.  On the margin, I believe worth your time.
Kind of an Eh for me...  I really liked the beginning.  The diary style of writing really grabbed me.  But somewhere around the middle it all changed and I was no longer as engrossed, I just wanted to finish.  And then it seemed to drag, and drag, and drag some more; it just would not end.  And then when it did end there was no amazing oh my gosh grab you ending.  I was disappointed I had higher expectations for a book that I had read such hugely positive reviews on.
The book is very well written in so many ways, (character background, dialog, internal dialog, motivations etc) and I did enjoy it, but the ending wasn't believable. Not only was it not believable, it felt unsatisfying based on all that had come before it. The author wants the reader to feel that there was no other viable solution to the closing dilemma, but I assure you there was. An ending that doesn't include rational behavior and a desire for justice falls flat.
I was very unsure of how to rate this book.  Some of the writing was outstanding...particularly descriptions of personal feelings.  On the other side, I really disliked the main characters and had to force myself to read it (book club pick).  And the ending!!! (warning - spoiler alert) Who would allow this woman give birth to & raise a child?  Talk about a child not having a chance...this is him/her!Overall, the book left me with a bad taste in my heart.
I thought the story was really clever.  I really liked it, but felt it carried on a little bit too too much when I was ready for the clincher, or surprise finish to happen.  It seemed as if it stretched out a bit too long.  But I was SO disappointed by the ending!  Very frustrating, to the point that I'm not sure I would recommend this as a top read.  You spend all your time getting carried away by whats happening, to then be let down by the ending.  I was at least.
I thought this book was just okay. I read it because it got so much hype. I sheltered myself from all spoilers. All I knew was that the female main character was crazy.That in itself was enough to make this book predictable. I already knew what was going to happen as soon as the plot was set up and that made it annoying to read because I just wanted to skip ahead and see what happened afterward. It's just not all that great and you won't miss out by not reading it.
I loved the first half of the book, but thought the rest was much less believable. Things began to go 'off the rails' when she rented a cabin (really a relatively posh retreat setting) and encountered two drifters who stole her money. The strain-credibility part really got in gear when she contacts her alleged previous assailant, moves in, then cuts his throat and goes back with her husband - who takes her back in order to live in a stalemated relationship. Really?
A good mental exercise...lots of unexpected twists and turns.  My rating of 3 stars because, even though enjoyable to read, I kept waiting for 'the hammer to fall' but it never did.  The transition of Nick to former marital status was too effortless based on the tremendous anxiety and fear he had experienced at the hands of his mentally unstable wife.  It was enjoyable though to watch the mental machinations of Amy and her unbelievable success at manipulating Nick.
This book really kept me interested and the story was fast-paced enough. I couldn't put it down! I really wanted to see how everything would wrap up. Then, when it finally did I was angry that I had wasted so much time on such a terrible ending. I feel so disappointed by the last chapter that I have decided not to read any of the author's other work. It seems that she got really lazy and just wrapped things up without having to think up an interesting way to do it.
What a waste of time that book just felt like. It was SO good...until the end. I'd describe it as similar to someone taking a timed, graded test. They start off amazing, are really NAILING it, and then the monitor calls out that only five minutes remain...so they just draw that last sentence to a close and are done. The only reason I gave it as many stars as I did was because the rest of the book really WAS good. It just left me bitter and disappointed at the end.
It's such a great read......Flynn really knows how to catch you and keep you guessing (usually wrong!)  The problem is the ending (as others have cited!)  It's one thing to string-along a reader and keep him intrigued as to what's next.....it's another to just throw up an END sign and leave him dangling in mid-air.  Work on your endings, Gillian!  We're not wanting a sequel even if it's Amazing Amy's Baby.  The reader feels cheated after he's trusted you so long.
I kept seeing all the buzz on this book and thought it might be worth a read. I normally stick to mysteries with a bit of science-fiction but I took a chance. Flynn writes in a way that provides a vivid picture, which I liked. But the plot was mediocre and the book's ending seemed similar to that of a bad sit-com who's funding gets pulled and it's ended halfway through the season, leaving the audience regretting the time they've devoted thus far. Just not for me.
Very unexpected turns throughout the book.  Considered putting it away several times because of the foul sexual comments, but kept on going to see how they worked out  their problems.  Unfortunately, their crimes were only made available to a new generation, in the end.  I felt a curious combination of interest and disgust; vacillating between the two throughout the book.They both had me fooled right up to the end.Probably won't read her future books.
This was the book everyone talked about for months! I finally read and I was instantly reeled in. I felt like I was part of the plot and the knew the characters. But then after the big climatic drama, it kind of tapered off and it felt like Gillian Flynn got lazy and just wanted her book to end.I absolutely HATED the ending and still think it was a bit of a lazy, cop-out move.A good thriller book, but I was kind of disappointed in the end.
After reading all the reviews of this book, I bought it and was mildly sorry I bothered. It is written well, and there were parts of the story I thought were clever and good. Butoverall, except for a brief surprise in one chapter, I wished I could return it to Amazon. Good, if familiar, premise but by the end, I was left unsatisfied and wishedone of the two lead characters had killed each other or themselves. Sorry to say: not as great as the reviews.
Enjoyed  was good read, did not care for ending.  Got no satisfaction,  guess I wanted Amy to get caught and brought to justice for what she did.  Think they were both flawed, but she ofcourse really had issues dating back to her childhood.  I felt sympathy for his character (Nick) and how for sake of his child he was going to spend rest of his life with this nut job andmurderer.  But book was a page turner and got me through a long 8 hour plane ride.
After reading great reviews about this book I was anxious to read it. I liked the writer's method of telling the story from the perspective of each of the 2 main characters, Nick & Amy. I felt the story, suspense and intrigue were there but sometimes a little  too much detail caught me drifting. As I reached the final chapters I was so wanting to find out how the story would end.. Then it was over. I was so disappointed that I almost wished I hadn't stuck it out
This was a good book, really VERY good for the first 3/4 of the book, then all of the sudden it was like the author decided ""uh oh, I only have 20 pages left, better end things"" and did just that. There was lots of detail and interesting things happening, then suddenly it was like ""all done"" several issues were never solved and lots of stuff was just left hanging. Still recommend it, just know that you might not be satisfied with the way it ends.
I loved this book. Until the end. It sucked me in, and kept me up until 3 in the morning wondering what in the world happened to this girl. I skimmed over the epilogue at the end and saw something the author wrote, thanking someone for motivating her to finish the rest of the book. I think she got tired of writing, put it down, and then later felt obligated to finish it. That's just my opinion, but I just don't think the ending does the rest of the book justice.
I decided I had to read this after all the press, and so many people saying it was on their night stand. I almost wish that is where I left it, never bothering to read it. But my curiosity got the best of me and now I am left trying to figure out why reading about this dysfunctional couple left such a bad taste in my mouth, causing me to question it being a best-selling book. Perhaps we are all being manipulated, just like the characters manipulated each other.
Frustrating beginning, excellent middle, anticlimactic ending.
Ok, lots of positive reviews. here is the bottom line. A nice story, drags on for awhile, but nicely told.However, the writer needs an editor. This story could be shorter and more concise. It's amazing that Poe wrote great stories that fascinated readers for generations, and had the capacity to make them short and succinct.Today's writers think every book has to be 400 pages...So, a nice story... but wow, it needs an editor.
I was eager to like this book!! The beginning was slow, the middle was great, but the ending was horrible. It became a battle of one-upping with a plot twist that left me feeling sad for the innocent third party....trying not to give away the book. Plus there were several loose ends that never got figured out like why Nick 's father always muttered ""dumb bit--"" & was it significant? The book was good, but the ending was just left a horrible taste in my mouth!!
I've had this book for awhile and started reading it a couple of times but couldn't really get into it.  Finally on a flight from San Fran to Houston, I forced myself to read it and was really enjoying the story and the twists and turns.  I couldn't wait to finish and all I have to say is Wow.  And that's not a good wow.  I was very disappointed in how the book ended.  Let's just say if I were the husband, I sure as heck would not have done what he did.  Lame.
I gave this three stars because of the middle of this book. The beginning and end were terrible. I found myself flipping through the pages in the beginning and only kept going because I heard good reviews. The middle picked up my interest and was actually pretty good with some surprising twists. Then the story wrapped up too messy as if the author was rushed.Sorry but I definitely don't recommend it. I don't see what all the rave reviews are about.
Picked it up because it was on the best-seller's list for quite a while, but I didn't like the story. Didn't like the characters at all. At one point I started to feel bad for her and thought I could at least have that connection, but then something really outrageous would happen and all I could think was; ""who in the world would ever live like this couple?"" In the end I disliked both of the main characters and didn't think the book was worth the hype.
Gone Girl,"" is a quick and entertaining read, but it is definitely written for the masses. The writing is middle school level at best and much of the storyline is far fetched. The story is very much like a soap opera in that it makes the reader want to know what comes next, yet at the same time, it's just so contrived. Some of the names and descriptions are downright cheesy. That being said, it's a fine choice for a long flight or a day on the beach.
I came to this book late, after seemingly everyone else in the universe had read it, and while it is well-written and a good (although l-o-n-g) read, the more I read the more I thought: Hey, this is a latter-day, more detailed, ""Play Misty for Me,"" only with a more vindictive, dislikable female villain, and no Clint Eastwood equivalent. I thought the ending totally unsatisfying. Maybe I'll watch the movie when it's on cable years from now. Maybe not.
The book takes every point ever made in abnormal psychology, holds it up for analysis, then reinforces  the premise that 81% of the nation is composed of dysfunctional self centered human beings.  Amy proves that too much adoration of a child creates an idolater, and beauty has been the destructive seed from Sampson to Shakespeare's finest.  Two people, needing adoration, marry, then proceed to destroy each other when life intervenes. Okie Reading Specialist
This book got better the more you progressed into it.  The narrative in the beginning was slow and boring but the action sped up about half way through. Cannot tell you much about the book as this would be a scene stealer.  I had seen the film prior to reading the book, something I do not normally do as I prefer to read the book first.  The film was brilliant and the reason why I decided to read the book.  Do yourself a favour, see the film, forget the book.
I listened to this in my car.  There were parts where I was riveted; there were parts where I thought to myself, ""Keep moving.""  I finished disc 6 and skipped to 12.  Basically, I think I missed the murder of a hobo.  When the book ended, all I felt was disturbed.  I do see why this book has so many high marks.  The author is a storyteller, and certainly the twists do all come together at the end.  Still, I read to escape, and this book was a prison.
Hard for me to get into for the first 2/3 of this book - author took a long time to lay the groundwork for the plot. VERY abrupt ending (had to keep flipping back & forth at the last page to ""check"" that it was the end!). Good read, but wouldn't read it again & probably wouldn't recommend to others. Author likes to use unnecessarily large/complex words CONSTANTLY, which annoyed me; felt like she was trying to sound more sophisticated than she is...
I would have rated it Five (5) Stars as the story line, writing etc. were all excellent..But because of the ending, I only gave it 3 stars.The author led us to like the male lead, he became our hero figure, we wanted him to win..and he was successful  in exposing his murderous wife and then was forced to stay married and live with her..I hope he sleeps with a gun under his pillow, you are thinking. An AWFUL ending, unless she is setting it up for a sequel.
This writer's style is not to my liking.  I find this book boring.  Each page I am waiting for it to ""pick up"", but it never does.  You can almost guess what is happening.  I am sure that it will be liked by many, it is just not my particular cup of tea.  If our book club had not selected it as this month's read, I would not have bought it myself.  However, you should read a chapter at the book store before buying.  You might find it to your taste.
Once I started reading this book, it really sucked me in. I had to know what happened. Without totally giving away the ending, let me just say I was very disappointed with how this book turned out. The book is a bit unbelievable to begin with,  but to basically just let evil win at the end, it left me feeling somewhat dirty, if that makes any sense. It is still a fast read and fairly well-written. Read it only if you must. The ending was very unsatisfying.
Okay, I have to admit I liked this book, but in a weird way. In the way of wanting to give it to my ex-husbands and say, ""so you think I'm a crazy bitch?"" It was very long, and sometimes repetitive with the first person narrative being switched back and forth between Amy and Nick. Or perhaps it only seems that way if you have been married and heard it all before. How many ways can you say you hate your spouse? I will read another of Flynn's books.
The author is clearly talented and the writing was engaging and suspenseful.  Up until that last few pages, I thought I was looking at a clever finale but was sorely disappointed.  It was so dismissive of the rest of the buildup that I don't even want to admit to anyone I know that I've read it.  It could've been a five star book if not for the HORRIBLE ending.  I definitely won't bother picking up any more of Flynn's books without reading reviews first.
I was sure I was going to be giving this 5 stars. I enjoyed the book. It kept me interested page after page. I couldn't wait to get to the end. Only to find out there isn't one!! At first I thought maybe there was something wrong with my kindle and I was somehow missing a final chapter. I won't be getting another book from this author just because of the ending. I took the time to read the book. She could have at least gave me a conclusion to the story.
No spoilers here. I thought it started slow but picked up pretty quick. Like many others, I too was disappointed with the way it ended. I had hoped for a more intriguing & possibly shocking ending but it sort of just fizzled out. Maybe Gillian Flynn should write a sequel & actually finish it. I think the reason so many people dislike the ending is because these characters are rather deplorable & at least one of them should have got what they deserved.
It is hard to say that the book was bad ,it grips you and pulls you in ,has you on the edge of your seat and you don't want to put it down. UNTIL you get to the last four chapters and the story just falls flat and the ending was so bad I wanted to throw the book out of disappointment, I understand that I am not the only reader who has felt that way.I suggest reading it and forming your own opinion, some may like the twist where I hated it.
Except in autobiography, perhaps, authors are not their characters. It's tiresome to continually hear that ""Shakespeare said `The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.'""  That was Dick the butcher, of course, a character in 2Henry the Sixth, not the Bard speaking.Still, one has to wonder. The dustjacket says that Ms. Flynn lives in Chicago with her husband and son. I think I would be uneasy living with Ms. Flynn after reading Gone Girl.
It took me quite a long time to get into this book... I dropped it twice and the third time made it past the 30% mark and things got fast in a hurry... I had a lot of difficulty relating to the characters in the beginning, but as the suspense increased and bombshells were dropped, I got hooked... I then could not let it downs until the end... When I was disappointed  by the conclusion... But then again, another ending may have been too traditional...
Gone Girl is a novel that was recommended to me by Amazon and I also read good reviews about it elsewhere. It gives good insight into the minds of the protagonists, and how a failed marriage feels like. However halfway through the novel, it turns improbable and has twists and turns that do not blend very well into the main story line. And as several reviewers have pointed out, the ending is lackluster and leaves the reader with an unpleasant feeling.
I liked the turn of events but I didn't particularly care for the ending.  The whole story line went on too long and I felt like there were some loose ends.  I don't know how those loose ends could have been tied in however because the story line was already too long.  I found myself getting bored and had to force myself to keep reading but I gave it three stars because I did finish it.  I can however see this book making a better movie than a book.
This book was so-so.  Just not my cup of tea.  The lay out of the book was very boring with chapters rotating between a missing wife who was presumed dead (but really wasn't) and her husband (who was suspected of killing her).  Plot was very frustrating to follow and the end of the book did nothing to  finalize it.  This is the kind of book you struggle to finish reading only because you spent money to buy it.  I can't recommend this book to anyone.
The book is entertaining enough, in a trashy, movie of the week, kind of way, but it's certainly not as clever as it thinks it is, selectively withholding information just to keep you reading. You read on not because you're in love with the story, or the writing, and certainly not for the characters, but you're propelled by your own curiosity, like watching reality tv, just to see how it all turns out, building to a pretty limp, unsatisfying ending.
I am rating this book several different ways.  First, I am glad I didn't pay money for it.  I waited about 3 months to download it free from my local library.  I would give this book a 1 star rating for boredom.  I am giving it 3 stars only because it had me hooked trying to figure out the why and to reach the end.  I do agree with the other reviewers that the ending was a big let down!  I don't think I will be reading any more books by this author.
The style of writing was very different so it took more attention to get ""into it"".  I had to reread the first couple of chapter to undersand what was going on.  As I read through it, I still questioned--why was this book so highly rated.  I kept with it though; taking a much longer time to read it than usual.  Very disappointed with the ending.  I want a conclusion not the one that was chosen.  I certainly would not recommend it to any one!
I had my nose in this book most of my vacation. Someone asked me how I liked what I was reading when I was about 50% complete and I said it was, ""Great, Amazing, Really Different"". Fast forward to me finishing the book on the drive home from vacation finishing up the book and swearing up a storm. Honestly this ending no matter if you loved it or hated it (me) will get a reaction out of you. Had the book ended my way it would have gotten five stars.
The first ""part"" of this book was okay. It made me feel that it was just another husband killed wife story with some twists...not super exciting. The second part was a lot better, more suspenseful, etc. I was really hoping for this killer ending, the ending came, and I was thinking I must have skipped some pages. That's my biggest gripe- I kept reading with my own hopes for the end but it was very anticlimactic. Oh well...onto the next one.
When I started reading this book, I could not put my Kindle down. I loved all of the twists and turns that kept me reading even when I should be doing other things. However, I felt a total let down when I got to the ending!! I felt the author took the easy way out and just left the reader hanging..not in a good way. I will not read any other books by this author because I don't trust her enough to invest my time with a book that will disappoint me.
This book was recommended by a friend and her book club. At first I thought it was a real ""slog"" to get through and then realized the psychological sickness of some of the characters.  I definitely never knew where it was going and never knew what I was reading was the ""true"" story or not.  From that standpoint it was enticing.  I just found it incredibly depressing that people can be so malicious and perversley cunning.  Glad I'm finished with it!
This is an odd book.  Most books require some time to get into and start enjoying, as you get to know the characters and learn the writer's voice.Not this one!  It starts out really good; grabs you from the first pages.  Then, as you read along, it gets worse and worse.  I hope I never meet these characters in real life.  They truely deserve each other.Overall a decent light read; quick, somewhat entertaining, lousy ending.
Original and surprising twist on love and murder. The idea that two people can truly know the other but find normal boring was explored here. Amy is always one step ahead of Nick and manipulates him with her pregnancy so he has to stay in a dangerous relationship to rescue his soon to be born son. Was this his only option? How can he trust a murderer, a wife who had carefully planned her own abduction/murder in order to frame her cheating husband?
You gotta be kidding. This book is  so character cliche ridden that complaints about foul language seem pointless. The author is not going to risk losing an audience by using a vocabulary to those who are just reading to see what happens (like me.)  The ending is not reasonable although it fits the complete dedication to the irredeemable description of the character.  One can only hope for maybe a lightening strike. Hey, that has been done before.
This was a decent read. A little wordy but it was so suspense filled that it was one of those books that you really don't want to put down. This author does a great job at tying every thread together. That's why the end was a disappointment. The end was not a full blown cliff hanger nor was it a solid statement. Vague.It's not that it was a bad story, I just think that there was so much built up to the end, that I expected more. Overall it was ok.
Very interesting book!~~Possible spoilers!!!Amy is not who she leads you to believe initially. A fascinating dive into a very strange and twisted mind. Wow! The ending was interesting.. not sure its what I would have done, in Nicks place, however I can see his reasoning.Overall very interesting book. Not one for the ""Favourites! I must read again and again...."" pile, but it held my attention to the end.
Only giving this book 3 stars because of the ending.  It started out well, then slowed, then picked up again and really caught my interest.  The main characters were interesting but  I found some story angles a bit incredulous.  And the ending.......lets say I thought I skipped a page turn when I saw the acknowledgement page.  My first read for this author, will give her a second try.  Agree that I'm glad it was a library loan and didnt purchase.
This book was really good, interesting and well written.....until the last quarter. I agree with another reviewer who said that it seems that Gillian Flynn was writing and suddenly got tired and decided to just end the book. The ending was absolutely bizarre, unrealistic and ridiculous and, in my opinion, tarnished an otherwise great book. After finishing, I felt very, VERY surprised that this book is a NYT best seller with an ending like that...
I hated the ending so much I decided not to see the picture.
This book has you either in club Nick or club Amy, or you switch a few times. Amy is a very intelligent person that has been raised by authors that used her life as the main character"" Amazing Amy"". Amy never feels like she lives up to what her parents expect of her.Nick and Amy both loose their jobs so move from New York to Missouri to take care of his parents. Amy is not happy so she finds a means to get her way. Hated the ending
This book was good, but I didn't find it as enthralling as I thought I was going to. The characters are oddly constructed and in many ways, well, horrible people. And it's hard to like horrible people, but not impossible. So, with that in mind, I'm not going to write an incredibly long summary--if you want that, then there are plenty of reviews that do that for you--but this book was worth a read, and,  if nothing else, its paperback price tag.
I really enjoyed this book until the very end. I was so pissed how it ended that I deleted her other books out of my ""wish list"". I also told other people not to bother reading it because of the ending. If the ending went how I wanted it, I would have given the book a higher rating. But with that aside, the book was entertaining and kept you guessing about what would happen next. I hope the movie is better (and I hardly ever say that).
I have to give it three stars but keep in mind I could not put it down.  It was a great read but I was sooo dissapointed with the ending I was angry.  The story was awesome but as a Law and Order casual fan, there were so many obvious crime story flaws I was frustrated.  I wished I was a detective in the story!  And the end, while unexpected, was so frustrating and unrealistic.  It was your classic twist but with holes and left me unsatisfied.
This was my first novel from this author.  While I did think it was well written, if somewhat confusing, it was not a :""can't put down"" book.  In fact, I had to take breaks from it for the very reason that it WAS confusing.  Even so, it was a good story even though I could see the twist coming way ahead of time.  However, I gave it three stars because I simply hated the ending.  I most likely won't read anything else from this author.
This book kept you interested and you had to finish it.  I was disappointed when the true direction of the book became clear.  I actually really loved the different descriptions of the same events and relationship.  Really resonated with me up until... well you'll know that moment if you read the book.  In the end I'm not sure I really have a true idea of the ""truth"" for either character - maybe that's the point...  OK writing style.
I have already reviewed this book, but because it was negative and the editor's picked it as one of the best books of the year my review was rejected! What was disturbing to me was the author's very very frequent use of foul language by almost all of the characters in the book. Also, the ending was not really a surprise and very disappointing. The author could have gotten her point across without using the same profane word hundred of times.
I was rooting for her...waiting for the moment they NAILED the husband and he got what he deserved.  Wow, things are not how they appear.While I couldn't read the book quickly enough, I found myself more than a bit disturbed by the end.  I admit that I like books that end with all the loose ends tied up prettily in a bow.  This was not one of those endings.  I hope I never meet anyone like this woman in my life (i.e. psychopath).
Reviews for this book kept popping up, in magazines and newspapers, it sounded fascinating, and I was ready for a good read.BUT I struggled with this book from start to finish. I was disappointed with the he said/she said style, with each chapter, giving each others version of their story. I found it frustrating. I was waiting for a third party to step in and take over the story, so it would flow consistantly instead of back and forth.
I had heard great things about this book and it was just ok for me.  Perhaps I was expecting too much.  If I had randomly bought it  at the bookstore or airport I probably would have given it more stars.  That being said while I was reading the book it was definitely a page turner for me. I think the ending was a little far fetched,  if you want an easy entertaining read I think it is worth it.  There are definitely books that are worse....
I really wanted to like this book. The story was interesting, tense, and smart, but the end was such a let down. Without spoiling it, I can only say that the abrupt ending leaves so much to be desired. The plot reaches an exciting climax 3/4 of the way through the book and then just tapers off without any of the intriguing story the first part leaves you wanting more of. It's a clever story that needed a clever ending. It's just not there.
This book is really well written. Flynn is ale to describe the thoughts and emotions of her characters so beautifully that I felt like I was living in each character's mind.  At the beginning each character had me empathizing with them but but half way through the book I really disliked them both.  That is the problem for me with this book.  there was not one single likable or admirable character, not his sister, her parents or the police.
Didn't like a single character.  Amy's is certainly amazing if anyone is capable of thinking of a plan and carrying it out over years without forgetting a single thing.  Implausible  I will admit that the concept of the book was interesting to the point that you wanted to know what happens next.  Just when you think Amy can't think of another way to ensnare her husband she does.  There is no ending to the book; author must plan a sequel.
None of the characters in this book are likeable, with the possible exception of the sister.  The tough as nails wife who plays with reality, the weak as water husband, who at least grows up a little in the book, and the wife's parents, who created the monster that she is.  This is an interesting read, and unfortunately I have actually know a person similar to the wife's character, but certainly there is no one with which to sympathize.
I love murder mysteries but this book was frustrating.  Although the central character appeared to gain more strength and determination as his wife manipulated the truth, he lost his nerve at the end.  Police can't be that stupid.  Hated the ending.
For the longest time, I was on Amy's side.  Then as the story continues, you realize it's Nick you should be rooting for.  However, that continues to change throughout the remainder of the book.  Lots of interesting twists and turns, but in the end I was disappointed.  I didn't want to see someone so disturbed have a baby.  It was a good mystery and I found myself not wanting to put it down just to see what crazy thing she had planned!
I have read Gillian Flynns other novels and was less impressed with this one! It was well written and provocative, but the characters were boring and very predictable! I was hoping I was missing something and read each chapter waiting for the unpredictable plot twist that didn't come. It was especially disappointing after all the good press and reviews it received. If you haven't I suggest you read her others, particularly Dark Places.
I was captivated for most of the book. The ending was very disappointing. The narrative through Amy's diary was very unique and brilliant.  Amy was a very smart psychopath who the cops should have been on to. Was very disappointed in the ending. I began to lose interest after Amy returned home and began successfully manipulating everyone again. Would recommend this book only to friends interested in psychology & personality disorders.
A friend told me to read the novel before I went to see the movie because it stayed true to the book so I purchased 'Gone Girl' Kindle Edition. My feelings were mixed. The writing style was intriguing with each chapter alternating between the two main characters. Unfortunately, the ending wasn't satisfying. I won't go into too much detail (for those who haven't read the book or seen it, but it kept me from spending money on the movie.
The reason I gave it only three stars is because of the ending. It leaves you hanging...which probably is the purpose of the author. I guess I like books that tie things up at the end. The author did do a brilliant job with the main chatacter, Amy. Amy was so smart, resourceful, conniving character who thought of everything for her perfect ""crimes."" I certainly wouldn't want to cross her in any way. The book is a page turner at times.
I absoutely loved most of this book. The characters were well defined and the author did a great job of creating a visual in the readers mind. However, with all the back and forth i started getting exhausted with this book in the last 1/3. I finished the book because i wanted to see what happened, and the ending was extremely disappointing. I suppose they both got what was coming to them, in the end, but a disappointment nontheless.
Story was extremely slow reading until about the last quarter of the book, then it did pick up.  Story line was quite disturbing to think people could actually have thought patterns as the characters did.  I read a few reviews where readers did not like the ending, for me the ending was great, made me think ""Oh My Gosh""!  It did make me think that there are people in this society that do live their lives with such conniving.
It was suspenseful, so I will give Ms Flynn that. But (lil spoiler?) after all the twists and turns, I kind of ended up feeling like, ""huh... So Amy and Nick are BOTH just really shifty people. Made for each other."" And I was major disappointed.And the overall tone, it's observations on females' behavior & interactions, etc. It seemed incredibly reductive and slightly misogynistic. It's a shtick and it gets old.
I like books that get to the point, this author did not get to the point.  I like books with compelling chapters. Compelling books make one not want to put the book down from the start.  I think the author was trying to write as if the thoughts were coming from the air in some way.  The screenplay was a better narrative of this book.  The film, I thought, captured the story better than the book.  The book did have more details that seem to have been left out of the film.  I guess if you see the film and read the book, you can balance your thoughts regarding the subject.
I found the story intriguing and the villain quite evil and disturbing.  The problems I had were with the extremely coarse language and the completely unsatisfying ending.  I don't need to be inundated with f-bombs and crude euphemisms for body parts to know someone is reprehensible.I'd sum it up as a battle between my sensibilities and my desire for resolution that ended up making me feel sad and frustrated for the journey.
Loved the book when I first started it, flew through the chapters of crazy twists and turns, at one point not sure which character to side with but then............the end of the book was HORRIBLE.  I seriously kept flipping through the acknowledgements looking for the end of the story.  I hear this is being made into a movie?  I hope the author will take all of the comments into consideration and end the movie with a real ending!
Although an entertaining book, that definitely will keep you turning the pages, it was a very easy read. Perfect if you are on the beach and need to watch the little ones and can't fully concentrate on the book. I completed the book in under 2 days, so if you are looking for a good read, probably not the book for you, but if you are looking for a light, easy read that will keep you on the edge of your seat, definitely a good buy.
The writing is fantastic. She really paints a picture and the twists and turns in the story were great but I sped through this 400 page book to hopefully get to a great ending but I was so disappointed that I was actually angry I wasted my time to read it so fast. I was really mad at the ending. It's not the type of book I want to read. Especially with these characters and no redemption. It could have been so good, but it wasn't.
I borrowed the book from a friend who really liked it. Not my kind of story. Took a long time to get interested and understand all the flipping back and forth. Every other chapter is written by husband or wife and the wife's chapters are from the past so takes awhile to understand what is happening. Sure doesn't go the way you think it will. I was probably halfway thru book before I started to really enjoy, but ended pretty well.
This qualifies as light reading, with a decidedly improbable plot and somewhat stereotypical characters.  Of course when the best seller lists include Bill O'Reilly homages, televangelist crap and yet another miracle weight loss book, what does one expect.  Suffice it to say, the dumbing down of America over the last couple of generations does not portend the coming of another Fitzgerald or Hemingway.  Instead we get mediocrity.
I thought it started out really well until about halfway through. I felt then that the story was lost in legality junk and that maybe even the author got bored and tried to end it quickly. I liked her style of writing but the third quarter of the book dragged on and the last quarter felt rushed and smattered together. I will see the movie but I wouldn't rush to read the book by any means. I'd say I'd give it 3.5 stars but not 4.
Some good characters and a few interesting twists and turns, but the way they left it i couldn't help but wonder ""that's it??""The 3 stars was being a little bit kind;  would actually be somewhere in between 2 and 3 for me.  It wasn't horrible...if somebody found a paperback copy in the bargain bin i'd tell them to check it out, but i would definitely not recommend that someone spend $12.99 to get it for their kindle.
I loved this book......until I got to the end. I was hugely disappointed in the ending and then just angry that I had wasted time reading this book to come to that end. It is well written and incredibly written....up to that point. It is as if the author was too lazy to keep going and just wanted to stop writing as fast as possible. For a book that is as good as the first 95% of this book is, it truly deserves a better ending!!
I am an older lady that does not like to hear some words and even in print it is offensive!!!  So you say don't read or watch it, yes i agree, but how do you know that ahead of time??  The plot was certainly a good one and did keep your interest.  At time it did seem to get a bit long and could have left parts out to speed it up a bit.  All in all it was an interesting couple book, but I don't recommend it for the Senior crowd!
I really liked the writer's style.  This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn, and I enjoyed reading it for the most part.  Unfortunately, I found the ending very disappointing.  Of course, that is a very personal opinion and I'm sure many would find the resolution to be an interesting twist.  I'd like to read another of Ms. Flynn's books to see if that type if ending is common or not, since I enjoyed reading Gone Girl.
This book started off wide open.  I was impressed with the storyline and how it captured my attention and held it.  However, I was sorely disappointed with the ending.  The author kept the suspense and the anticipation at full throttle and at the ending of the book I almost felt like I'd been used!  What a let down.  That being said, Gillian Flynn is a fine author but in my opinion needed some help with the ending of the novel.
The Gone Girl started out well and then began to fizzle a quarter of the way into the story.  The relationship between Nick and Amy was simply not plausible.  The few characters that showed promise, such as the female cop, never fully developed and were cut short.  Although this title was a quick read I was questioning if I should read it to its conclusion.  My rating fluctuated somewhere between it's okay and I didn't like it.
When I started this book I was very excited. A new murder mystery plot with a young NYC couple. The beginning was great! The middle dragged a bit. Towards the end, there was a great plot twist. And I thought wow what a great twist to end the book. However the twist did not come to full fruition. It left me disappointed and just plain angry! Angry at the characters and at the author. It did leave a great Segway to a second book.
This was the best book I have ever read until..... It was intense and every time you think you know what is going on it changes. I couldn't wait to get to the next chapter....then the end came! that's why I say it should have been the best book! This was the worst ending I have ever read! I would rather have it left so you wonder....dropped the ball after 400 pages on tiny writing and countless hours loving what I WAS reading.
I really enjoyed the beginning of the book, and how the story is told by the main characters alternating views.  I was disappointed how the story progresses and the ending was not what I expected and was a let down to me.  I wouldn't recommend this book because as a reader you get invested in the characters and the plot just gets ridiculous. I gave the book three stars because of how much I enjoyed the first half of the story.
I am only giving this book 3 stars solely based on the fact that there doesn't seem to be a second book in the works yet. It leaves you hanging as to what will come next. I hate when books finally come to a head, and then leave another loose end after all the rest is wrapped up. This book was semi predictable to me but very engaging. I could almost guess exactly what was going to happen, however I liked reading it either way.
I wanted to read a new author and chose a best seller one.  I liked the book but sometimes it was slow moving.  Some authors get carried away with description and I dont care about the wind in the trees or the waves of the water just tell the story.  I felt it took too long to set it up.  When I was finished I still felt too much stuff that was not necessary to write.  Maybe I am too picky but it just seemed to drag in spots.
The first half of the novel was riveting.  But then the tables turned, and the plot from then on was  simply preposterous and unbelievable.  I won't give away what happens, but asking the reader to believe that anybody would behave the way the book depicts is incredible to me.  I read the whole thing because it was fast moving and interesting, like a train wreck.  But my attitude reading was like ""Are you kidding me?
Like other readers I raved to friends about how great this book was. Twists and turns everywhere. You love a character then you hate them. The ending totally ruined it for me because it just stopped-maybe there will be a sequel. I would have given this book 5 stars until the end. I am anxious read another Flynn novel though because I did like her writing. Read it but be prepared for an ending you may not like-it just stopped.
Felt sorry for Nick.  Hope their is a sequel and he escapes with his child.  But all in all they were made for each other.  Skips around and is hard to follow. Each chapter goes back and forth. You will need some serious quiet time to concentrate on this book. The story line was good, the ending bad.Don't understand why they would make a movie about this book.  Don't know how it make it on the New York Best Sellers List.
A geat read until the last two chapters... story is compelling characters are fully fleshed out .  The adventure is a roller coaster that  takes you to the highest peak. Just when you are ready for an ending befitting the journey you left without cermony in an ending that feels as if it were just added on to the story.I loved the back and forth writing style a chapter to ech character to build our involvment with each.
First third of the book was amazing, gripping reading - then it fell apart. Forensics would have done a whole lot more to figure out the trail of lies et cetera perpetrated by our 'heroine'. Really enjoy Flynn's dialogue and character development - but then the sequence of pre-planned events with lack of proper police (and the FBI? Really?) procedure to determine what actually happened - no character is THAT clever re: Amy.
I really don't know how I feel about this book. It's been very well written, but the characters are so messed up I don't like either of them. Maybe you're not supposed to actually like the main characters, but I don't like that. I also wasn't a fan of how it ended, it was just another case of people not having to face the consequences of their actions. All in all it was well written, but I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
I hope the movie is better than the book.  I thought it was too long as I figured out the plot halfway through and then it felt as though I would never get to the end.  Usually when I read a book that I enjoy,  I don't want to put it down and I don't want it to end.  This was not one of those books.  I won't say anymore as I would not want to spoil it for those who have not read it yet.  Not sure if I want to see the movie.
I had a difficult time really getting into the book. The plot seemed to drag through the first half. Going into the second half it picked up. The closer I got to the end the better the book got. Without giving anything away, I did not see that ending coming. I live 60 miles from the city in Missouri where part of the movie was filmed. I was looking forward to seeing the movie.  I am hoping it doesn't drag like the book did.
Two-hundred pages in, this book had me on the edge of my seat, I couldn't put it down. Such inventive twists, such psychological cleverness.But then half way through, it became too much: too many details, too many detours, too much repetition.And then the ending just petered out. A real disappointment.With a final surprising twist ending, it could have been the best book of the decade. So sorry it wasn't.
Gillian Flynn is a great writer, and I looked forward to reading this book, but I liked Dark Places better Dark Places: A Novel.  Thought this was a little over the top, and 1/2 way through the book I was reading just to get to the end rather than because I enjoyed it.  I do want to read Sharp Objects, so I hope my dissatisfaction is with this book specifically and not with her writing style in general.
Gone Girl was recommended to me by a friend who, in describing it to me, got the plot and characters all wrong.  I found reading at bedtime caused slightly distressful nights, and it was all due to the confusing plot that left me dangling in search of the solution.  If you are a ""book detective"" in love with solving the ""crime"" before the last page, this is definitely the book for you, BUT I bet you won't.
OK...well, I'm into brain freeze.  What did I just read?  Well, for one thing, the filthiest language book I've read in a long time.  Secondly, it was too interesting to stop reading. The characters are certainly ""different"".  The plot...pretty fresh...did not predict the ending certainly.  If you are not offended by the language, it's a good read.  The jruy is still out on whether I will read more of this author.
I don't often read the genre of mystery, so I may be more critical than others.  I thought the author did a good job of writing in two voices consistently, and in a format that was non-traditional.  It started slow, picked up pace just as I was about to abandon it, got a tad compelling, then flattened out again, and ended very, very flat.  I thought it was a ok read, but in general, I think life is too short for ok reads.
I really liked most of the book, the ending just didn't sit well with me.  I know a lot of people felt it was the perfect ending, but I just couldn't ""like"" it because it didn't seem realistic, or fit my belief in justice.  I understand some people's rationale that they deserved each other.  I just think that even if they did, how could it just end like that….it would have to escalate or end in an even worse way.
I could have done better with less obscene language ... come on. Does not anyone get that the f-word is fast becoming one to add to the overdone, overused, boring list? A cliche? It is a good impact word, but like an exclamation point, needs to be used sparingly or the punch is gone. We need to grow up.  Dirty words do not a good, well written story make. Cannot recommend without giving a heads up. Great story otherwise.
OK read.  I had heard that it was such a great book, but it had a tendency to bounce all over the place.  I started reading it but than stopped for a few weeks and went back to it.  I hate leaving books unread!  It is not one of the best books I have read.  The wife was a real psycho!  It was too bad that the husband went through all he did.  Unfortunately he had no choice when he found out he was going to be a father.
The author has so much talent, but the story line itself was too dark. There were no sympathetic characters whatsoever, and I really didn't care what happened to any of them. I realize this is done on purpose, but it isn't so riveting when you hope the person dies!I read till the end just to see - that was even more dissapointing, but quite in line with the theme of the book. I guess I just need good guys and bad guys!
Spoiler alert, sort of...It is a well crafted thriller of sorts...I expected more from it though...I especially thought the ending was lacking the thought and intricacy of the rest of the book. and wasn't all that surprised by the so called shocking twist. I found most of the characters to be unlikeable in not a good way either. And the ending left  me with a bad taste in my mouth and sorry I read the book ultimately.
The 'he said / she said' device for writing is intriguing, and it kept my interest, but there were times in which the scenarios and script seemed a bit infantile and exaggerated.  For example, the Amazing Amy stories, and the portrayal of Amy's parents were rather caricatured for my taste.  I also found the ending very anticlimactic.  It felt as though the author simply tired of writing the book and decided to end it.
Gone Girl was a quick read, with a great style of writing where I really felt I was hearing both sides of the story.  And just when I really thought I knew what would happen, there was a twist and then another.  A mystery/police drama kind of book, but also about love/marriage in a real way.  There were some slow spots but they were short -- definitely worth reading. I'll be checking out other Gillian Flynn books now.
This story is very well written.  The imagination of the author and the twists are really very clever and keep you very interested, but I hated the ending.  Without giving it away, it was just not at all what I expected.  Stories have many ways they could end, and this would not have been the ending I would have picked, but it definitely was thought provoking.  I like uplifting books, and this was definitely not that.
I have to say that I was not a huge fan of this book.  The initial premise is intriquing but at times the writing seemed to bog down and become repetitious as well.  The fact that they are or have made this into a movie made me want to reread it to see if I missed something but cannot really say that the second reading convinced me that this is great.  Will be interested to see how the screenplay handles the content.
This  book would have been a 5 star rating, if not for the  HORRIBLE ending. I cannot express how disappointed I am!  This story had me hooked. I couldn't put this book down!!  I don't want to spoil it, so I'll just say that of all the ways that this could've ended (and there are several possible good endings), this was the worst. Unfortunately, I won't be reading anymore Gillian Flynn books in case they all end bad.
And not only is she gone in the physical sense, but oh so much more. It was a see-saw read for me. You can't stand one character, then you think they are not so bad as you realize you can't stand the other. The author does a fantastic job with her characters and her story line. What a mind! I would have given it four stars, but she did such a good job of not making me like the characters that I can only give it a 3!
On the day of Nick and Amy's five year wedding anniversary Nick comes home to find the door ajar, the iron still on, but no Amy. Amy's typical anniversary gift to Nick includes a treasure hunt with small personal messages to help lead him to the next location and to the big present. When he finds the first clue she had left for him he begins to follow the clues and realizes that Amy had been trying to fix their fractured marriage, but it may have been too late.The alternating POV (from present time to a past entry in Amy's diary) absolutely killed this story for me. I've ready stories that were written in this same format before but for some reason this one caused me to develop ADD and I was being distracted by the tiniest things. I think I started and stopped this one at minimum a half a dozen times. Now despite this, I must say that it was an extremely detailed and well-written story, I just obviously lack the patience and focus to truly appreciate it.As far as the characters go, Nick in particular was a very hard read. I didn't find myself liking him or even feeling sorry for him; however, I suppose that's to be expected as the way it was written made him a very obvious suspect for the reason Amy went missing in the first place. But of course, it's hardly that simple. Once the story picked up, and Nick finally started to follow Amy's clues I got into it a lot more. And once the story hit the midway point and did a complete 180? I was enthralled. Unfortunately that feeling didn't last very long and I felt that the last half of the book was very disheveled and seriously crazy, and not in a good way.This is a stand alone novel so I expect a wrapped up ending that answers all of my questions and gives some semblance of a resolution for the characters. I'm not asking for it to be all tied up in a pretty bow or anything but at least don't leave me with out big wtf. Well, that's exactly what I got. By the end, the story seemed so unraveled to the point of being undetectable from the story that I originally started reading. Having a story surprise me and go a completely different direction is one thing, but that's not what happened here. Not a lot can be said without giving serious spoilers to the story but suffice it to say I failed to be impressed by the end. I do give this story credit for the intricate build-up even if the resolution was less than satisfactory.
This book started out interestingly enough, however once you got through the initial introductions the pace slowed and I started to become disinterested. I'm glad I forced myself to continue reading because there was a pleasant twist about three quarters of the way through, however, I'm not so sure I like how the book ended. The dialogue is true to life and the main characters are well rounded. It's worth the read.
At the end of the day, disappointed.  I struggled through the first part, was very intrigued with the second part, but the third part was a let down.  Took me three separate times to actually get into the book.  At least I made it till the end.  I will never be able to read another page of the Husband's Secret, because it bored me to the point where I do not even care to Google what the heck the secret actually is!
I can't imagine anyone loving or even liking the end of this book. I thought when I read all the reviews about the end that it simply was just a dull ending. The ending is not dull but it is in so many ways appalling. I could be overreacting, but I truly do wish I never started reading it. I gave 3 stars because up until the end it was good. It was written well. But an ending like this truly for me deserves 1 star.
I now know why I read so little fiction and stick mainly to non-fiction.Long, drawn out and goes no where for the first half of the book.  The ending is completely ridiculous and I'm surprised she found someone to publish this book with such a poor culmination of this story. Some parts were cleverly thought out and I will give the author her dues for that, but on the whole it was a waste of my time and money!
I felt the characters flaws were extreme and the continuity of the pace of the plot was unyielding.  I would get fed up and a bit bored and found myself putting the book down for a few days between readings. As much as I typically dislike Hollywood's versions of novels I did find the movie kept me more engaged because the characters became more flawed as time passed and events unfolded in a more unexpected manner.
The premise was very interesting and I especially enjoyed Amy's diary. I found myself pulling for her more often than not. At three fourths of the way, I found I really no longer cared about either one of their damaged selves and their self absorption. I did finish the book eventually. As I think back on it, the connection between Nick and his twin sister was a really strong and instructional element of the story.
So, a lot of reviews here making the same complaint and I agree.  Ending really wrecks it, and it's too bad.  The characters were well developed and there were times when I was saying some pretty nasty things out loud in response to the plot....BUT, let's just say that it was a good story that made me feel used and a little stupid in the end.  I really wish she hadn't done that.  It could have been so much better.
The story ran at a reasonable pace but through out I was waiting for something exceptional to happen (but it never really eventuated).I thought both lead characters were unlikeable & hard to feel any empathy or sympathy forNick was a pathetic misogynist and Amy was a sad sociopath the story didnt really build on other characters with the exception of GoWhat more can I say an average read at best
The book is in 3 parts.  The first part kept me captivated.  Couldn't put it down. The second part started getting a bit far fetched, but I was optimistic.  By part 3, I had lost hope.  It became too unbelievable and contrived.  The writing is good, so that makes up for a lot.  I will read other works by this author as I like her style.  All in all, an entertaining read.  Just don't expect to be wowed in the end.
I was a very interesting book with a good plot that had me hooked and completely off track until about mid-way through.  I believe once she decided to come back into the picture, it all became unbelievable.  How is it possible no one would investigate a murder of that type.  It provided a quick wrap up to the end of the book but killed the suspense.  It did though, validate Amy as a complete and utter sociopath!
It's a great thriller all along, however, the ending is truly disappointing. It doesn't make much sense to me, and it feels too much like a woman's ending. Evidently, a woman wrote the book so that would make sense.There are lot of twists and turns, which is great but again, it all falls flat at the end.The ending ruined everything for me, which is why I am only giving it a 3-star rating.
book was good till the end,,did not feel complete to me
The story did not capture me right away, but Flynn draws you in with the question of ""Who is to blame for Amy's disappearance?""  There are a few surprises and you just have to know what really happened, but you really have to get into a good portion of the book before you actually have answers.  I liked the book e Ben though it was slow to start, but I was a bit disappointed in the ending that left you hanging.
I agree with the reviewers who disliked the ending.  It seemed like the author was ""tired"" of the book and just sort of wrapped it up with little thought.  The writing still was not terribly engrossing throughout but I stayed with it to see what happens.  Can't imagine why anyone would make a movie if it. The characters were not very believable and in the end acted contrary to their proffered personas.
I saw the movie and everyone was talking about the book!  My friends were saying they were thinking about not seeing the movie as the book was so good and they didn't want to spoil the memory by seeing the movie.  Not so with me.  I thought the movie was just great and the book was boring.  I had to force myself to finish the book.  Sorry Gillian Flynn but your book lacks the ""pop"" that the movie does.
Husband and wife, wife goes missing, plot twists, lies, murder, media.This was a quick read. I wasn't impressed with the writing or the plot twists but it was fun enough. The ending was underwhelming. Why three stars and not two? I like unlikable characters and it's a lot like watching a movie (no surprise their making it into one). Good for someone with not enough time to get wrapped up in a book.
Really enjoyed this book, the development of the characters, the two main characters telling their ""love"" story.  Also, great plot twist.  I wasn't thrilled with the direction the author took at the end of the story and then it just-ended.  It was like she didn't know what else to write and hurried up and put anything.  I would give most of the book 5 stars but the end of the book brought it down to 3.
Ughh!  What a terrible, lack of an ending!  It was gripping throughout, edge of your seat at times, incredibly well thought out and executed...and left with no resolve.  It feels like the story paints you into a corner, and instead of a creative solution or thought provocation, it just leaves you in the corner of a room and tells you that you are there.  The book was great but left on an empty note, deflated.
I was SO disappointed in this book.  After everyone raving about the film, I assumed that the book was equally is great.  So naturally I had to read it before I saw the movie just to be sure, and was so let down by it.  Yes, it's a good book, but I think by the time I finally got the time to read it, it had been so over-hyped that I was expecting too much.  In my opinion, Dark Places is better than this book.
I was expecting this book to be better since there was so much buzz about it. It was okay- not one of the best books I've read. About 20 pages into the book I had already figured out what was going to happen, I just didn't know how it was going to end- and the end was horrible. I'm giving this book 3 stars because it is an easy read and it was clever. However, none of the characters have redeemable qualities.
I bought this book ages ago, started to read it but it capture me. After months of reading novels I loved and decided to try again. This is a exhausting book. It took me so long to read..the chapters feel never ending and the story line has been so ""stretched"". Amy is one crazy bitch - Gillian Flynn has an incredible imagination, I'll give her that much... It was a distraction, good read..not for me..
Start if the book was slow, but by the middle I was totally thrown for a loop. Wasn't expecting that. I was thinking this book would be a stuck with you forever kind of book.  The end left me feeling unfinished....like really that's it? He's just going to roll over after she put him through that? Was disappointed in the end to say the least. Grow a pair for hells sake and give her a taste of her own medicine.
The book did not grab my attention. The writing was adequate, but not attention addictive.  It was easy to set aside and move to other books.  I suppose I do not enjoy reading about narsictic, sick minded people.  If you do, then you will find the book attractive.  The author is very creative and imaginative in the script and plot.  I just hope none of the characters are my neighbors or, woe is me, relatives.
It was great... until the end. Or should I say the lack of. Love the twists in the story, but the ending was a major disappointment. It was incredulous, hard to believe. No likable characters. Justice has not been served. Questions not answered. The psychotic got away with murder. The whole ending was a joke. Did not appreciate the lack of effort on the author's part in trying to close up this dramatic story.
Was dying to read this book but decided to read her first two books and then read this one.  The first two books were great so I was very excited to read Gone Girl.  I have to say I was somewhat disappointed with the story and almost stopped reading it half way through.  I was mad at the ending as well but was glad I did stick with it.  A friend of mine also read this book and she had the same reaction I did.
Maybe I'm not sophisticated enough for this book, but it left me with a bad taste in my mouth.  All the characters in the book are so disturbing and their relationships are dysfunctional.The first half of the book was a little ho hum.  I guess it's to be expected since it needs to set the groundwork for the characters.  The second half was definitely engrossing.Not quite my cup of tea.
The first half of this book was amazing, when the mystery was still there, however, as soon as the mystery goes away, so does the appeal. Personally, I found the plot edged dangerously towards ridiculous as it neared the end. Perhaps it was also an issue of the hype that surrounds the book, I came into this expecting my mind to be blown by literary genius, but it wasn't. However, it is generally a good read.
I read this book because I wanted to know the story before I saw the movie.  One friend loved it, the other hated it.  I guess I'm somewhere in the middle.  These characters are so manipulative toward each other that by the end I was thoroughly turned off by them both, never mind that I absolutely hated the ending. I'm still not entirely sure whether I actually liked the book or not.  Maybe that's the point.
writer tries to make reader believe that heroine in a story can get away with murder and all the lies as she describes her paranoid schizophrenic personality that manipulates and hurts lot of people. it is not believable and i gave it tree stars as it is a page turner as one expects that justice would prevail.as a medical professional, i  feel that writer should had more information on the psychopaths.
I recently read this book in a quick three days.  I found the book interesting if not a little captivating look in the dynamics of a marriage which is anything but typical.  The author has created a well-written book which immediately captures the reader.  As a result you find yourself loving and hating separate characters throughout the book until the horrifying truth becomes apparent.  A great summer read.
Well I read this book in anticipation of watching the movie. My wife had read it as well. Just finished and I am not certain what this book exactly turned out to be. It was interesting the first section. Predictable in the middle section. And had an anticlimactic ending. It just never took me to a great ending. Almost as if it had been written to have a book two.  Like I said just don't know about this one.
I must say that I enjoyed this book because the author really chanllenges the reader to try and figure out what the heck is going onbetween this couple. Its well written and keep you engaged.  The only problem I had is that the charachters weren't all that believeable.  For myself,  I need to be able to identify with something about the people in the story.  I would recommend this book to some people.
I loved how the author portrayed each characters perception so you don't know what is the real truth, and giving the readers an  insight of the mind of a sociopath. The ending however couldn't have been more disappointing. After investing  yourself into the story wanting to know how  the events that took place become resolved, Gillian Flynn became lazy and ended on an uncreative note. Totally anti-climatic.
I really liked this throughout most of the book.  It kept me wanting to read more and the writing was very easy to follow.  However the ending was not to my liking.  To me it just ended - very anti-climatic and disappointing. Its like the writer got tired and just wanted it to end.  Some may like that but I am not a fan.  I expected and wanted more.  I would given it more stars if it wasn't for the ending.
This book was refreshing in the sense that it ""got me"". It's been a long time since I have read a book in which I didn't immediately know the plot twist just from the way it was written in the beginning. That being said, once it (the plot twist- trying to avoid spoilers) became clear the book was almost too predictable and I feel like the ending was rushed and poorly thought out. Great read though!
The premise of this story has to do with a wife gone missing and the predictable main suspect, her husband.The book was written using both main characters telling their story. Not sure if it was this technique that had me quickly guess early on the main plot. Saying that, there were lots of surprises throughout the story.Although definitely not a classic, I enjoyed the book and it kept me engaged.
I have to say this one one of the greatest books I have read with the worst - well actually - no ending! What a disappointment! No statement, no questions, just depression and the thought of a horrible life ahead. Dang. Five stars for a great book, one star for the ending. Gillian - couldn't you be more imaginative? I hope in the movie, the producers come up with a better ""what if"" for the ending!
Overall, Gone Girl is a well written suspenseful story. With that being said both of the main characters are very hard to like and relate to. Eventually I found myself annoyed with both characters and couldn't force myself to root for Amy or Nick. Also, the ending is a disappointment and essentially made no sense, although I guess neither character comes out on top so for me that was somewhat satisfying.
Originally when I read the book summary I thought it had a lot of promise.  Within the first 50 pages I found I didn't like the main female protanginist and the further I read into the novel the story line became more far fetched.  I read the book on kindle and found myself skipping through chapters and unable to complete reading the last third of the book.  I've preferred other Gillian Flynn books more.
I kept wanting SOMEONE to emerge as a worthwhile, functional person, but that just never happened, so I was left in a dark place (which is the name of Flynn's sequel, so I won't bother).  It is very well written, and the dual perspective writing format was most engaging, but the book left me feeling empty, and at this stage of my life there are too many other positive options with which to fill my time.
For all the praise I had heard I had greater expectations for this novel. The plot was intriguing but I predicted several of the twists that were probably meant to surprise. I dislike the abrupt ending and it seemed to me that much more suspense and legal thrill could have been developed to make it better. Several of the key characters were shallow leaving me with bland attitude about the book as whole.
Pretty good tale I read for a ladies book club. I was really deeply involved and loved the story until about 3/4 of the way through, then it all fell apart. Near the end, became immensely far fetched and I found myself skimming just to get through and finish. Terrible ending... Although that's likely the point. I should have waited and bought a used paperback, not worth the $$ for the hardback edition.
The beginning of this book is so promising and compelling. I wish the author had been able to sustain that for the entire length of the novel. It's one of those books that you start of so excited about and at a certain point, you start to suspect the plot twist, and then there is the letdown in the execution. A for effort. Maybe next time the author can work the story out better all the way to the end.
This book may not be for everyone.  The manipulative characters and unhealthy relationships in this book struck an unpleasant chord with me.The book dragged a bit, and I had to convince myself that I had invested time to get this far so I should finish it.  I am glad that I did, as the ending was the peak of the manipulations of the main female character, even though it left me feeling disturbed.
The first half is absolutely masterful.  One would swear, however, that the second half was written by someone else.  The plot turns preposterous, and what had been a very interesting sociopath turns into a not-so-interesting psychopath.  I was extremely disappointed.  The only reason I award the book three stars is due to the quality of the first half.  (As a teacher, I'd have given this book an A/D-)
gone girl is light reading. some would say summer reading but it will work anytime of year. it is a who dunnit with a twist.  the twist is not what you expect. it is fun reading. a book you can but will not want to put down. is it what i thought a best seller should be? no. in fact i thought i could have written it just as well but did not. do i recommend it  sure why not if you do not expect too much.
I Loved the book, until the last 100 pages, and saw which direction it was taking. Then I just kept reading in hopes that I would be surprised by the end, but sadly it ended horribly.  I was planning on reading another by this author, but have opted not to after reading the reviews about the endings.  The beginning and middle of this book are great, but then it ends and changes your feelings about it.
It had a unique and engaging premise, but I found myself bored throughout many parts of the story. At times, it was frustratingly unbelievable and I found it difficult to sympathize with the two main characters. In the end, I felt like they deserved each other. I look forward to watching the movie, however, to see what is, hopefully, a more compact, faster-moving and entertaining version of the story.
I liked her previous ""Sharp Objects"" and looked forward to this book especially with all the great buzz it got.  But ultimately it disappointed.  It's hard for me to enjoy a story when all of the characters are equally unlikeable.  And the end was bad.It was super readable and a page-turner, points for that, but overall it failed in too many ways for me to really like it very much.
I enjoyed parts of the books but found a lot of it farfetched.  I think the author did a good job of writing and did an especially good job of getting into the mind of a man and how he might think.  It has to be difficult to tell a story from the opposite sex's point of view.  However, after a good start I found it lacking near the end and didn't have an overall satisfaction from having read the book.
I bought this book because it was for months in the best selling list of kindle. I still cannot understand why so many people have written so many outstanding reviews. Especially the first part of the book was extremely boring. The second part had some interesting points but still could not compensate for the whole book. I am sorry that I paid such a high price for this book. I would not recommended.
I eagerly anticipated a good mystery....it started slowly and I did not think well written...but then it seemed to take off and held my interest. I was very disappointed in the ending as I thought...""this is some weird couple""....but I of course loved reading on my Kindle...light easy to read in bed and I could make the font as big as I needed ....so yeah Kindle...and little yeah for the book iteslf.
I read both Sharp Objects and Dark Places before I would read Gone Girl.  I was so intrigued by the author's style in the first two novels that I could not wait to read Gone Girl.  The story had some great twists but was disappointing at the end and did not live up to what I was expecting.  Maybe it was me and I psyched myself up too much!  I would definitely recommend Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I did enjoy reading Gone Girl, but it wasn't as good as I was led to believe it was. I wasn't really into the book until I was about 30 percent in, and the story was just a little too obvious. I wasn't all that suprised by the ""twists"" and ""turns"". The ending was definitely not as good as it could of been. It was still interesting to read, just not as good as all the hype says it is.
It was a good book but I don't understand what all the acclaim is about.  It was well written, kept you relatively interested but I didn't have any problem putting it down.  It certainly didn't keep me rivited as many others claim.  Not as intricate a plot as the ""rave"" reviews proclaim.  Remember finished it feeling somewhat unsatisfied and wondering why all the reviewers loved it so much.
Let me just say the hype surrounding this book is way too much (in my opinion). I thought the book was okay. The first part of the book is hard to get into. I wanted to stop SO many times. I read other reviews which stated the same thing and then a friend of mine said the same thing. So I kept reading. The second part is when this book comes to life. And the ending is like WHAT!!!  Reader beware...
The premise and structure of the book were very clever, and it was, quite often, a ""page-turner"". However, the ending was, in my opinion, unbelievable -- mostly in terms of the actions of the lead male character. The female lead -- well, I guess that could happen. Change the ending (not necessary a ""happy ending"", but at least one I can believe in), and I'd give it at least 4 stars.
I thought the book began somewhat slow. The author has you believing one thing when later you find out the complete opposite. I do like strange twist in books, but this was the strangest by far.  I had heard many reviews from various people on the ending and I agree that the book did not end the way most would have liked. I personally think the author ended the book with an option to write another.
I almost gave up on this book, but was encouraged to keep reading as there were big twists coming.  OK, there are some pretty good twists, so if you start this book, don't give up on it too quickly.  The author got me to commit to the characters and really feel their stress.  Really hooked me.  But for the ending, it seems the author runs out of steam and just gives up.  Feel like I wasted my time.
This book has a good plot and keeps the interest, but why do some authors have to use the ""f"" word SO MUCH.  It probably appears on almost every page.  I know that is a popular word nowadays, and maybe I'm just getting old, but I always thought authors had a good command of the English language and creative ways to express their thoughts without resorting to using such words over and over and over.
I didn't love this book the way most other people seem to. I found the two main characters annoying and I couldn't identify with either of them at all. I also hated how this book ended! I won't spoil it, but it was a dumb ending! It almost felt like the author got tired of the story and just ended it. It's a shame because I like other books by Gillian Flynn. I paid for this book and wish I didn't.
I would have given this book four stars if it had been finished.  It was fascinating right through the novel because I was expecting that like most books there would be a resolution at the end.  The fact that the author chose not to give it an ending lost it that last star from me.  Still, if you'd like to read a light, easy to read, but gripping book while you are on holiday - it's a good choice.
I just finished reading Gone Girl. I spent the better part of a day devouring this novel...could not put it down and finished it in 2 days. Well..imagine my surprise at that ending!!! It's like the author lost all her writing ability at the end and said 'screw it' - and just made up an awful ending that did not match the rest of the tone of the book. Still for 95% of the book it was a page turner!
Yes it's a good story and if you need some good entertainment this is it.But I couldn't help thinking throughout the story what an Idiot the husband is. The ending, while unconvincing and made me think the author also wanted to get the story over with, was disappointing.Worth the read, but I wish it would have ended with the husband showing some intelligence and a backbone.
I enjoyed this novel and found it quite intriguing but was waiting for the end to give answers which it failed to do and left me ""up in the air"" without any real explanation or conclusion which I found irritating. Like many readers of fiction I do like a beginning, a middle  and an end. The first two of these were very good but I could not highly recommend this book for the reasons given.
This book was so promising in all of its premises...the protagonists,  as crazy as they acted, were believable in their insanity, because they were also very human...and then the ending...totally not believable. It ruined the whole thing for me. In real life, that would never, never happen. But the book was well written, well researched, and certainly engaging. That's why I gave it three stars😡
I enjoyed reading the book even though it was a bit slow in the beginning.  There were a few doozies of plot twists that were great and made the story even better.The ending - not at all what I wanted or expected.  I hated the ending.But the more I think about it, I guess it couldn't have gone any other way knowing the characters the way we do.Overall, it was quite a fun read.
After reading all the rave reviews, I finally decided to purchase this in e-book format. The author's writing style is engaging and easy to follow (good for ""light reading"" and taking along for holidays). I  gave it three stars because I guessed the ending when I was halfway through - however, this does not seem to be an issue experienced by most. In conclusion, a pretty enjoyable book.
I wasn't as impressed as I wanted to be. I read quite a lot, willing to give author's the benefit of reading through to the end. The end seemed never to happen; even when it did. I almost want to say that the book was too descriptive and in all of that, I just wanted it to get over with.I rarely appreciate a film made from a novel, but I'm willing to see what all the hype was about.
I liked the book when I first started reading it, but thought the ending was a huge disapointment.  It was one of those books that, once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down.  The story kept building and building until.....it fizzled and died.  The ending was anticlimactic and made me want to throw the book against a wall (I'm anxious to see how they handle the story on the big screen).
The ending was infuriating.  INFURIATING.  Star One for being well-written enough for me to ignore how predictable it was (at least for anyone who watches enough of the ID network).  Star Two for having one of the most captivating opening chapters.  Star Three is kind of being thrown in there so I don't go off on a rant on how much the ending squandered what could have been a MUCH better story.
Cute, clever, compelling.  I read to the end, partly because I just had to see what all the fuss was about.  I was occasionally taken up by it, a gorgeous stunt,  but coming to the end, and closing the covers, I felt like I had lost the better part of two days, like I had consumed a somewhat tasty (at least the first few bites) but ultimately unsavory snack with absolutely no nutritional value.
I loved this book and would have given it more stars except for the ending. I felt like the author didn't quite know where to go when wrapping things up.  Kind of how Stephen King books often rambled or failed in the end too...the ending of this book felt hurried and quick ""I've got to END this book but I'm not sure where to go!"" It is a good read if you don't expect too much in its finality.
I really enjoyed this book until the last few pages. Once you find more out about the main girl you start to realize how into herself she was and I didn't like that (which is probably how I'm supposed to feel). Also the ending REALLY let me down. I really, really wanted to let the book (and I did for the most part), but obviously the ending is where you leave off and I didn't like it. At all.
I just finished reading Gone Girl and overall it is a great book. One of those books that you just can't put down. Part 2 of the story is where it really gets interesting. I was disappointed in the ending. I felt like the story was building and building and I had several ideas of how it would end...and at the ending I was like, huh? Okay, I guess that's the end! Maybe there will be a sequel?
The premise for the story was interesting, especially in developing the ironic turns in the story.  But the story in and of itself was a bit over done.  The murder of Desi, which Amy called ""an isolated incident"" was not in keeping with the rehabilitated Amy who by the end of the story is to become a mother.  That weakness in the plot structure took away from the climax of the novel.
I got about half-way through this book and was ready to stop reading.  The story seemed to be about a man who killed his wife.  The storyline was getting pretty boring with the man denying the crime while his twin sister supported him.  Finally there was an unexpected turn in the story! Yea!  Unfortunately, the entire story disintegrated at the end.  Overall, I was disappointed in this book.
Really enjoyed every page like the speeding motorcycle thrill, but was very disappointed with the ending! How can a person like Amy be given the happiness, joy and bliss of a child? She doesn't deserve that!  What kind of environment (not trusting your own mother, looking over your shoulder all the time, constant fear of what if i do something wrong,..) will the two provide for their child?
Overall I would say I liked the book because it wasn't what it seemed. You think you have the plot all figured out but then it takes a strange turn that is a little mind hurting and confusing but that keeps you w wanting to read more so you can figure out where it's going to go. I don't want to give anything away at all. If you was t to read something that keeps you guessing read this book.
This is quite the tale of some very sick and twisted people. I will say that it was a quick read, but I think it is so over-the-top in some parts that it was borderline ridiculous. It makes a mockery of the modern police system and begs the reader to believe that these events could possibly play out this way. I know our justice system makes mistakes from time to time, but this is appalling.
I just don't like any of the people in it. She's a needy manipulator and he's a spoiled self absorbed twit. I can't really care about them or anything that happens. Waste of time in my opinion.UPDATE - OK, I finished it and gave it one more star. It is a strange story, and the ending is still in question. I still don't like any of the people in it - except maybe the twin sister.
This is an interesting mystery about the disappeance and possible murder  of a wife on the the fifth anniversary of her marriage. The book shifts back and forth between the husband  telling his story and the wife doing the same. The book held my interest for the most part but it began to be predictable.  It is an unusual approach and well written .  I think most readers will enjoy it.
This book from the very begining had me hooked. It had me liking Amy in the begining and wondering what was Nick's problem. Then I find myself not liking Amy and I am totally Team Nick! At the end I dislike them both. If there was ever a book that will take you on a roller coaster ride and then at the end of the ride fling you off and let you land face first on the concrete... its this one.
I enjoyed the book and would recommend it BUT with the advice that the reader take time to enjoy the first 2/3rds of the book and not get too disappointed with the last 1/3.  I felt the ending was weak and I started disliking all the characters toward the end.  I give 5 stars to books when I find I ""miss"" the characters after I finish the last page.  These characters were loathsome.
Great character development but ends with a whimper.
Very disappointed with the ending. Had me till then,
Difficult to get into at first, then I was absolutely rivetted and enjoyed the main body of the book. I had saved the last few pages and was looking forward to seeing who might get their 'just desserts'... or... would the truth come out publicly. I know we don't expect a predictable ending... but the finish of this book left me feeling flat... and a bit cheated. I would not recommend it.
I was not impressed by the Author's portrayal of the lead charactor in the story. To me she was just a grown-up spoiled brat with devious plans, seemingly from the very beginning that displayed to me a very warped mind intent on getting her plans, such as punishing her husband for his wrongdoing, regardless of her own shortcomings, accomplished even to the extent of committing a murder.
The story line was compelling, well written. However it was also obscene and vulgar. I don't understand why today's authors see the need to sex up and use profanity in their work. The story was an excellent psychological suspense. It was a definite page turner, yet because of the gross sexual and vulgar content in it I can not give it 5 stars, nor would I recommend it to anyone to read.
The perfect vacation thriller, a quick dip in Chardonnay psychosis.  Cleanly written and tautly paced; about two thirds of the way through, just as the characters threaten to become wearisome, the plot takes a turn and is expertly piloted to the end.  The touches of marital detail, the frosty commentary on the media and the skilled use of geography raises Gone Girl well above its genre.
Unfulfilled.....The book started off as a very slow read. I stuck thru the bipolar narrative, and settled into its twisted plot, which was AWESOME. I almost couldn't believe how twisted the characters were. I fell complete in love and obsessed with the story line. Then the ending ..... Really?? That was it?? Unfulfilled!!! Unless there's a part 2, but still... That was it???
I was really intrigued with this book for the most part.  Interesting story and characters. About 2/3 of the way in the story began to dwindle and suffering through the last stretch, I was deeply disappointed with the ending. I'm left angry and confused how a good novel goes to hell right before your eyes.  I'm really frustrated that I wasted my time expecting to read an amazing novel.
This story starts out sounding familiar...boy meets girl, they fall in love, etc. what's interesting is the way the story is told. As events unfold, the reader gets them from the boy, then the same events are related by the girl...and they're different.It's an exciting story that keeps you guessing and wondering all the way through.I was however disappointed by the ending.
I thought this was an obvious story. Very interesting in its detail and character development but not as clever as it thought it was being . The story begins dark and grim but since I had heard it w a s a great book I continued. It picks up then gets impressive then I felt lied to and too much to accept. I really did not like the ending. I gave this 3 stars because it kept me reading.
I love mysteries and if you have a great antihero - great - but these characters - ugh.  I admit that I kept reading and I rarely give up on a book even if I don't think it's all it's cracked up to be, so,  Gillian Flynn managed a page turner and I give her that, but what a couple of pathetic dysfunctionals.  Now I'm reminded, again, not to pay too much attention to best seller lists.
After all the hype about this book and the film, I was a bit disappointed.  It is an easy read, can be picked up and put down again without losing pace.  The last few chapters are more interesting than the first two thirds of the book.  The ending was very poor and left a lot of issues unresolved.  Maybe there will be a sequel it certainly needs one.  Probably  a girlie holiday read!
I enjoyed the book.  Good story, liked flipping between the main characters' viewpoints.  You can kind of guess where the story is going but still thought it was good and was curious how it would resolve at the end.  It really doesn't.  Very disappointing.  I can think of a dozen different endings but apparently the author couldn't (or wouldn't).  I expected an epilogue or something.
It was a decent book. I found myself surprised by outcomes.. Very surprising outcomes. I was impressed with the thought process that must have gone into writing a book like this.. Amazing detail. It definately wasn't boring but I never got emotionally attached to the characters... Therefore the surprises weren't as shocking to me as I wish they would have been. Not my favorite book.
I choose this novel based on such positive reviews. Although intriguing initially, the plot was fairly predictable and the ending actually a damp squid. Disappointing. Actually, there is no end and the reader is left frustrated. I began to get increasingly irritated with the characters portrayed. If you are expecting a great conclusion to this thriller then you will be disappointed.
I had heard a lot about this novel, loved the title and looked forward to reading it. I started it, read for awhile, then stopped. When a friend told me it gets better, I picked it up again and finished it. There are parts of it that were really good, and parts that were so far-fetched, I was insulted. If you want some light reading purely for entertainment value, this is your book.
Flynn does an amazing job at keeping the reader guessing throughout. The ending, however, was not what I'd expect and  that isn't a good thing. It simply fell flat and didn't match the conceived expectations of a true ""Oh my goodness"" ending. I would still read this novel if you're into the murder mystery genre, but if you're looking for a blockbuster ending you'll be disappointed.
I thought the book would be better.  A couple women at the salon were raving, and with knowing a movie of this book was out I wanted to read it.  I was disappointed.  I couldn't get absorbed in it, the characters IMO were dull.  I also thought it was actually rather predictable.  I will rent the moving only to see if they are able to take MUCH more cinematic license to liven it up.
Initially , I enjoyed this story . The two version style and the way that the story line is developed and  revealed is interesting.  However , the later plot twist are very strange and really incredulous .The story is dark and sad , possibly intended as a commentary on modern relationships and marriage . I will see the movie as I aminterested to see the movie treatment.
Meh. The plot is so contrived and unrealistic that it was not possible for me to suspend disbelief and actually ""lose myself"" in the story. It is clear that the author put a lot of thought into the plot and into tying up all the loose ends, but it is so forced and overworked, it ends up feeling like work to get through it. I won't be reading any of the author's other works.
After all the hype and the movie, I was ready for a good thriller; yet was disappointed.  The writing style was very simple and the characters lacked depth of development.  A typical twist on female Black Widows.  After the first few pages, I thought ""Really? This is it?""  This is a book I would Not have bothered to read and definitely would Not pay money to see the movie!
Was Gone Girl worth the hype? I'm left unsure. Flynn 's juxtaposition of dueling personalities was interesting and quite engaging. However, the novel's pacing could have used some improvement. Parts of the plot were also seemingly unrealistic even f or fiction. The premise of the novel was interesting and it was written very well but I found myself bored at some points throughout.
I'm kind of ambivalent about this book.  From all the reviews, I was excited and expecting to like it, and while it certainly has monumental twists and turns, and the characters are developed beautifully, the ending left me completely deflated.  But maybe that's just me and my desire to have everything tied up neatly and favorably by the end...  Hope I'm not giving too much away!!
I'm giving this book 3 stars because it was a very good read and it kept you on your seat until the very end. However; to me there was no ending to this book. It was very upsetting to get to the end of this book and go ""What, where's the next paragraph, page or chapter"". It was literally like the author decided to stop writing; I was very disappointed and left unsatisfied.
For as suspenseful as this book got, the ending was so unfulfilling!!  The book is well written, with differing perspectives for each chapter, and that serves well showing how differently men and women interpret marriage and how different needs are for both.  But then the end just left me cold.  It's like society today; no accountability, cover your butt and you won't get caught.
Even though this story has an interesting and unusual plot, I found the ending rather unbelievable.  I actually almost threw the book against the wall when I finished it.  I felt robbed of a believable novel.  Too many things were left up in the air and Amy should be in jail as far as I could see.  I don't understand how this book has remained on the bestseller list for so long!!
This book was very well written and kept me on the edge of my seat once the story finally started.  The layout of the story took a little long, but it was very involved.  I thought I  would guess what was going to happen next but I was never right.  I could not put the book down once I got going.  In many respects it was a good book, even though, I did not like the story ending.
It's one of those books that can be frustrating till you get in to the rhythm  of how it's written. I didn't particularly care for the continual back & forth of every chapter(and some shorter) for a he said/she said pattern. But I'm a determined reader and finally got into the flow of the story. Then it was a good read and interest holder to see where the story was going to end.
I know how much everyone loved this book, and in one respect I did too. The pure genius is what I loved about the book. The ending soured me on not giving it another star. I felt incomplete after reading it. I think thats what so many people loved about it. You will definitely be entertained if you read it. And it will be different then anything you have ever read before. Enjoy.
This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn. Did she have a movie contract before she wrote this? Very contrived in places but an entertaining read. I can't say I loved it but it was a fast and compelling read. I hear Ben Affleck is playing Nick. Huh? Nick is supposed to be in his early 30's. Affleck is way too old and not a stupid pretty boy. Plenty of those in Hollywood.
A very unusual book, or from my view a strange one. Both characters are psychotic. Neither is admirable or even real, but for some strange reason I kept reading to the end, hoping for some kind of insight from them as to who they really were.  But I never found out!  Gillian Glynn is a competent author, but I have no desire or intention to ever read another book written by her.
I really wanted to like this book - was very excited when I finally got my hands on it.  It was a ""hard to put down"" read... but the end was so anticlimactic, that it left me frustrated and feeling like I wasted a lot of time.  At this point, it's not even worth going to see the movie.  Luckily I got my copy from the library, and didn't spend the money on purchasing it.
3 stars because I am approx. 60 pages into this story and it's borderline tedious. It's all ""window dressing"", unimportant information for the most part. I don't care about the characters at all, the pace is very slow and nothing much is happening. I am tempted to not continue. Persuade me not to stop reading. Maybe the 3 stars is being generous, so convince me. Thanks.
This book started out well and reached its stride a third of the way through.  But then it began to slowly unravel.  Ms. Flynn doesn't have the meticulous planning of Amy.  By the closing third, it was clear she just wanted to finish this novel and get on with the next.  Very disappointing.  I give her a 3 (out of 5) for the story, 4 for character development and 3 for writing.
The writing strains to be clever with an overload of metaphors in places, tending the text to wordiness. In other places, the writing is crisp and on point. The character development is original and close to brilliant for the main female character. Good but not as good for the main guy. The storyline is also fresh and, to me, striking in its inventiveness. Overall, a good read.
I am a late comer to the phenomenon of this book and movie which could be why I don't fully understand the admiration. This book kept me interested to the end; although I felt I needed to know more about why the characters acted the way they did. I felt who Amy and Nick became as adults and why was oversimplified. I found myself frustrated with Nick toward the end of the book.
I stopped halfway through because of the language.
The overall story was interesting with a few twists and turns you weren't expecting, it just needed to be 200 pages shorter.  I felt like towards the middle I was getting bored of the same scenarios playing out and in the end it just became to predictable.  I am hoping this is one of those books that is a better movie than a book because they have to condense it into 2 hours.
I really wanted to like it because of all it's rave reviews but I really had a hard time getting through this book.  For me to really get into a book I really have to like one of the main characters.  I found no one in this book to be likeable.  Sorry that's just my opinion - I really don't know if I will see the movie or not - even though it's got some of my favorite actors.
I was disappointed that neither of the main characters were ""good guys"".  I don't want to read about perfect people, but I would like to have the main character have some redeeming qualities.....Both the main characters of this book were weak or bad or both....That said it was a page turner and I read it rather quickly...just wasn't happy with the ending.
At first I simply could not put my Kindle down reading this book - kept me awake at night.  But that changed midway through.  Wanted to skip to the end but decided to keep reading to see if it got better, but It did not.  And, the ending was simply awful.  Bought this book because of all the positive reviews the movie has received, but now won't bother to go to that either.
This book and movie has received a lot of attention.  It is something of a page turner, especially with the turns and twists that it takes. The ending (which I will not give away) has some significant flaws that should be obvious to any medically qualified individual. The style of diaries is a clever one, and is not too distracting.  This might be beach or vacation reading.
This book is very well written.. many of the observations she makes about human nature and character are interesting and insightful. But it is also a book about truly horrible people, and it's kind of hard to love a book when you don't sympathize with a single one of the characters. It leaves you feeling pretty disgusted and hopeless. The movie should be interesting though.
I've never read a book like this. It was hard to get into it at first. The more I read the more I literally had to keep reading, because I had no idea what was coming next! The story really did play with my feelings towards the characters. Not a fan of how it ended. I know people that absolutely loved the book which is why I would recommend it, but I'll never read it again.
I would have loved to give this book four stars and probably would have up to the last few chapters (diary entries).  I was fully into this book and loving it until then and then the end was just a huge letdown.  I read this book because I heard it was good from so many others and because I wanted to read it before seeing the movie.  Now I don't even want to see the movie.
Wasn't fond of the writing style or the ending.  Actually I hated the ending.  This was a book recommended to me and while the plot line was interesting, I wasn't running to read it every free minute of my day.  I forced myself to finish it.  It wasn't the worst book I've read, but it wasn't the best either.  It was a quick read but I was glad to move on to my next book...
I read this book because everyone I knew told me ""I have to read it"". I was so ready to love this book but I found it such a let down. The book is awesome until the plot unraveled and then just became disappointing. The concept was interesting and there was so much development in the first half that just gets tossed towards the end. The end is also a huge let down.
I really liked the pacing of this story and the way the narrative is split. The suspense builds and builds very well. I absolutely HATED the ending though, but that just may be me. I felt like it was a cop-out.Still, I enjoyed 80% of the book immensely, so I have to say it's worth a stab. You may find the liking suitable - it just left a bad taste in my mouth.
I wanted to give it a higher rating but the ending was so unfinished.  Once you got going it was hard to put down.  All the twists and turns made sense and were exciting enough to make you want to see what was next.  The ending left you hanging.  I had a better ending in mind.  Much better.  It did leave the story hanging for a second book but I probably wouldn't read it.
The members of my book group and I did not like this book. We liked the poetry with the clues and an occasional good phrase but did not enjoy the story. However it made for a good discussion regarding Nick's weaknesses and Amy's psychotic behavior. We also decided that we did not have much regard for her parents who as psychologists should have done a better job with her.
I began reading this book hoping the foul language would drop off, by the time I realized it wasn't I was involved in the book. The language used in this book is a sad commentary of our times. I have recommended my friends. NOT read this book simply due to the language that was completely unnecessary.
So far the book is good. It's been tough reading due to the extremely small typeface of this book. Very frustrating! Obviously the publisher used this small type to save pages, hence, save money. Buying from Amazon prevented me from seeing this defect. Let the reader beware. By the way, reading glasses didn't really help and I don't need them for other reading that I do.
I feel disappointed. Frankly, though, I don't know if I'm disappointed because of what I consider to be an unjust, anticlimactic ending, or if it's simply because the ending completely caught me off guard and was an unexpected twist. Regardless, the book was a page-turner, and up until the last section, I enjoyed it. I may read it again, just so I can feel more decisive.
so I retread it. Of course I recalled it before I got there. So I quit reading.  Would I recommend d it to a friend?  Not really. Was it interesting? Yes.  Spellbinding?  No. One is left with the idea those two do, really do, deserve each other. This is one of those books that one could read if they had already read all the good stuff and nothing else looked interesting.
I was so looking forward to reading Gone Girl. I have never struggled so much to keep reading a book! I would get lost in Nick's life, just to be derailed by his psycho wife. The book just never seemed to settle in to a nice flow for me. The ending took me by surprise and I still have not decided if that is good or bad.  A good read if you don't want to be too invested.
This novel is brilliantly written. However, it took me a little over a year to read it. It didn't hook me or wow me. I found myself making it a goal to get through the book. I would but it down and come back to it several months later. I often found myself bored, just wishing it would be done. There were some exciting parts but overall, I didn't get the hype of it all.
The book started out a little slow but quickly picked up speed.  By the time I was in the middle of the book I could not put it down and stayed up late to finish it.  I must say the ending was a big disappointment.  This is the first novel I have read from Gillian Flynn and will commit to reading one more of her books before I say I do or do not like her writing style.
book was pretty good overall. I HATED the ending.
Well written and captivating up until the story takes a sharp left turn. I read somewhere that the author was unsure how to end the story and it SHOWS! DO NOT expect a lot from this ending or closure. I was so disappointed with this book. I hope the movie took liberties with how this story ends! Three stars was generous! I'm afraid to read another Gillian Flynn novel.
I loved the first three quarters of the book, which was full of plot twists, great character development, and insightful observations about marriage and relationships. But I felt cheated by the abrupt and sloppy ending. It seemed the author got stuck--or bored--and just wanted to get the damn book over and done with. One of the crappiest final chapters I've ever read.
I don't usually read books like this so it's hard to compare to the rest of the genre. It held my attention, was well written and had good character and plot development but I found it horrifying and distasteful which I suppose is the Pont but I don't enjoy feeling like that. So I won't read another of Flynns books but if you're after a poor night's sleep, go for it.
I didn't care much for this. Once the big plot twist is out of the way, there's not a whole lot to keep you turning pages. Oh, and prior to the plot twist it is a slow grind. It seems Flynn was really wrapped up in constructing fantastic sentences. I thought the characters were flat. And, the plot was pretty meh. I finished it and thought the hype was not justified.
It keeps your interest for the most part but it really becomes cliche after a while and I'm sorry but the manipulation gets a bit out of touch since no one is really that good at fooling everyone all the time...I read it in about one sitting so it's an easy read and if you get it on sale probably worth it if you've got a flight and just want to be entertained.
I was extremely disappointed with how the author ended this book.  I was disappointed at the closing chapter and expected so much more as a conclusion to this novel.  The beginning and middle of the novel were great - really held my interest.  But what a letdown at the end.  I am reviewing the entire book again to see if I missed anything.  Such a waste of my time!
I know most people liked this book, but I did not find it very interesting.  I did not like either of the main characters, did not like the story line, and found it impossible to relate to any character in the story.  I think a good story pulls the reader into the plot, making you believe the story on some level, but I found this story line completely unbelievable.
This novel is very well wrItten and entertaining.  It grabbed me from the start and I couldn't put it down.  But without spoiling....I'll just say the conclusion to the mystery was a thumbs down for me.  The more I think about it....it actually makes me mad!  But maybe that is good writing at work.  It did move me!  But that ending, for me anyway,  ruined the book.
A clever plot which gets to feel formulaic toward the end, which I felt was not entirely credible and more than a little manipulative.  Good enough if you are a casual reader looking for a "" good read"" but not in the first ranks of serious literary fiction.  Sorry if that sounds patronizing, but I want more than just plot in a seriously well-written novel.
Although it took me four chapters to get into...possibly because of the writing style of ""voice chapters"", the book quickly flowed and I became very involved with both characters.  The storyline became very intense, but then I found the closure somewhat weak.  I understand the author's reasoning in the last two chapters, but I guess I wanted a ""bang"" of a finale.
I really enjoyed reading this BUT the language is awful and crude in parts. I almost stopped reading it a few times but the story is interesting. So, if language and sexual conduct bothers you...don't start! I wouldn't have read this if I would have known. (It's hard not to finish a book once you've started though and this one keeps you hooked from the beginning)
For me this was a very annoying and painful book to just get to 50% completed... and once you get to 51% it gets better, but the ending is rather stupid (that is all I will say as to not give any spoilers away.I read this for the movie, so to that end I can say it was a success.. but I will not read this again, since I did not enjoy it the first time.
Twists and turns yes .  My book club thought this would be good to discuss, but the discussion did not last long and we usually spend an evening on a book . I gave it a  3 because I have not read a book where I did not like at least 1 character!  So kudos for making each character so flawed that I could have cared less if any of them ended up with a decent life .
After reading many reviews on this book, decided to order it. I never really liked any of the characters and the writing style was kind of off to me. So, needless to say, I will probably not read other books by this author. Apparently, I'm in the minority and maybe I will connect with the movie version better, although movies are very rarely better than the book.
This book took a while to get used to the way it was written.  Back and forth between two points of view was hard to get used to.  There were some good story lines and had mystery and some good plots....but the end had me lacking.  I think if it ended better I would have enjoyed it more.  Well...on to the the next filler book until I find something I really like.
Gone Girl was a huge disappointment to me after hearing and seeing it touted so highly. I found the leading female character totally unbelievable, insipid, and shallow.  Her deceitful husband wasn't any better.  The only charactes I found even marginally credible were the male lead's sister and the detectives.  The ending was a farce.  I doubt I read more Flynn.
I felt it started slow and a little manufactured, like even the shallowest people I've known couldn't put on the act so well, but then it started rolling out and became engrossing. As it wound down I felt it deflated, manufactured again to meet how all the rest could tie into it, and in no way did it feel like it could happen in real life, just too over the top.
The writing is not bad. But, maybe it was the high expectations after hearing everyone RAVE about it that set me up to be disappointed. The ending just didn't leave me with a ""save as favorite"" feeling. I can't really picture what a better end to it would be, but hey, not a writer. I wonder if there was an alternative ending. Would like to hear that one.
The book is well written but the characters are just so unlikeable. Flynn's books have a common theme- unlikeable characters. After I read the last chapter, I honestly wanted to throw this book out of my window. Argh! Those who read it either get it or they really really hate it. I hope her adaptation of this book for the movie has a completely different ending!
I did not like the format at all!  One chapter ""him"" next chapter ""her"".  Drove me nuts trying to remember what I read in the previous chapter by him or her.  Really different & difficult.  It is a good story & even funny in certain parts.  Also romantic & a little sickening in some parts.  I may read another Gillian book, have to think about it.
A book you didn't want to put down, what happens next? Clever twist to the story with your emotions, loyalty  and opinions of the characters constantly changing.  The ending however left me really annoyed, although a clever ending, I guess I wanted a happy ever after ending, which probably was neither realistic or possible.  However thouroughly enjoyed the read.
It was a good story, certainly kept my interest but I can see why the movie had to be rated R which I wouldn't go and watch. I will say that the author captured the husband who, when things got too difficult, just bailed and cheated on his wife with someone easy.  How many times a day do we hear that story in real life. She does get her revenge but she's crazy!
Started out great. Then of course the plot twist came in Part 2 of the book. But the ending, that ruined the whole book for me. By the time I ended the book, I hated the character. Ive never hated a book character before. Im hoping that maybe this ending leads into a sequel book, because if not, then that was one of the worse endings to a book I have ever read.
Very good writing about emotions and interactions in a complicated relationship. For 90% of the book I enjoyed the psychological alternatiing chapters between the characters.  However, I felt the ending was not based on any kind of common occurance.  i was disappointed enough that I would not recommend it to most people without a warning  about the conclusion.
Not surprising that the wife planned her disappearance.  The fact that she gets away with it makes the novel rather pointless since the diaries she supposedly wrote could have been tested to show that they were newly written.  Also her supposed rapist would have undergone an autopsy wherein the amount of barbiturates in his system would have aroused suspician.
I really enjoyed the book all the way up until the ending. I felt the storyline was awesome and I really couldn't put the book down. However, I really did not like the ending. I feel there needed to be some sort of justice for Nick and the good cop Boney. I am disappointed in the ending and think there needs to be a sequel of some sort to round out the ending.
I really was looking forward to this one. I heard about it from Whoopi on The View and she highly recommended it. For me, the first pages grabbed a hold of me only to fizzle out to a slow tempo. I had it figured out pretty quickly and it seemed to drag on to get there. Still I stuck with it, wanting to see how it would all end up. Horribly, in my opinion......
Thank goodness I borrowed this book from the library and didn't purchase it.  I'm giving it three stars because it obviously had something enough about it to have me finish the entire book, but I did it by skimming quickly at times. Like others have said, the ending is a disappointment.  I'd have been more satisfied if they'd ended up just killing each other.
The whole time I was near then end of the book I thought ""This may be my new favorite author."" But the horrific thing was that I didn't know I was at the end. The way the story was unfolding it felt like it was leading you into more twisted tales of childbirth and plotting between Amy and Nick, but no it just ENDS. That's why it's has 3 stars from me.
An interesting read but I gave it 3 stars because I was disappointed with the ending.  I kept waiting for Nick to turn things around.  The first part of the book was a little slow but it does pick up in the second half.  The ""twist"" in the story I pretty much saw coming but it was well written. Over all not a bad book but maybe just not my cup of tea.
Maybe I am missing something, but this book just didn't match the hype. Yes, it was thought provoking in regard to whether or not we ever REALLY know our spouse/significant others. The other relationships just are not developed enough. Amy isn't as much amazing as conniving and messed up. It is not a must read as far as I am concerned and my book club agreed.
I did not care for either character, it was hard to like anyone in the book.  It was quite disappointing to not find one character that was relatable.  I stuck with it because it did have an element of surprise.  I wouldn't be shocked if the couple stayed together long term.  They had a sick and twisted relationship and, in the end, they deserved each other.
I did not care about the way the story was written. Each chapter you alternate between the husband and the wife which was boring for me. Before too many chapters, I knew what had happened so the rest of the book was not very interesting. I finally skimmed several chapters to get to the end. With all of the hype about the book and movie, I was expecting more.
It was a good read to get me thru looooooong night shifts but not good enough to keep wanting to read through out the day. The ending was too abrupt. I lashed out loud at the abruptness.  ""WHAT! THAT'S IT!"" I liked both voices and held suspense while waiting to hear from Amy and then from Nick and then OMG from Amy again. Looking forward to seeing the movie.
I kept reading the wonderful reviews on this.  Also they made a movie of it with Ben Aflect who is a first rate actor.The reviews said the ending was a shocker.  I kept reading as it built up to a crescendo.  Then blah, similar to theending of the Sopranos.  The writer is good but had I known I wouldn't have stayed up half the night to finish it.
About halfway through, I was tired of listening to both Nick and Amy. It was so dragged out. Do authors get paid by the amount of words?  And then, after getting to the end, I was in shock that it just ended. It was like she didn't know how to end the story so she just left it hanging. I was intrigued somewhere in the middle, but highly disappointed overall.
Any suggestions about the plotline of this story would give it away - and the plot is what makes this read-worthy. It is well-written and an interesting look at couplehood. The idea of having the two main ,,characters write alternating chapters is a good one... I'm just not sure about where it heads and the ending. But I was caught up in the story, for sure.
Gillian Flynn is a gifted writer with her dry wit and keen insights distilled into perfect little gems strewn throughout her writing.But like so many authors, her good ideas unraveled at the end...or did they. Did she start writing a screen play? Anyway I read it because its been a best seller for months but was disappointed by the unbelievable ending.
Imagine yourself inside the head of both a husband and wife, but a separate times.  Imagine being insincere, and centered on yourself most of the time.  Then imagine finding out that your spouse is not who you thought he/she was.  Eventually you get to the end and it's big surprise, because you have to know how this bizarre story unravels, but not sure why.
The ultimate revenge novel. Engrossing; made me want to see what was really going on. Keeps the reader guessing about the truth until late in the story, then wanting to know the outcome. The story line is unrealistic and borders on the fantastic at times, but is dead center on the human emotions, relationships, and outcome. Would make an entertaining movie.
I am giving ""Gone Girl"" 3 stars, but only begrudgingly. In my mind, any book that takes me 3 months and 20 different tries to read is not worth 3 stars, especially a book written by an author I already respect. And I am not kidding, for me the first half of ""Gone Girl"" was a PURE TORTURE to read.Amy Dunn disappears on the day of her 5th wedding anniversary. All gradually uncovered evidence suggests that her husband, Nick, is somehow involved. Did he kill her? Was she kidnapped? What happened to Amy? One thing is clear, Nick and Amy's marriage wasn't as perfect as everybody thought.The first part of the novel is all about the investigation into Amy's disappearance, slow unraveling of Nick's dirty secrets, reminiscing about the troubled history of Nick and Amy's marriage as told in Amy's hidden diary. I strained and strained my brain trying to understand why this chunk of Gone Girl had no appeal to me whatsoever. The only answer I have is this: I am really not into reading about rich white people's problems. You want to whine to me about your dwindling trust fund? Losing your cushy New York job? Moving south and ""only"" renting a mansion there? Being unhappy because you have too much free time on your hands and you are used to only work as a hobby? You want to make fun of your lowly, un-posh neighbors and their casseroles? Well, I am not interested. I'd rather read about someone not necessarily likable, but at least worthy of my empathy, not waste my time on self-centered, spoiled, pathetic people who don't know what real problems are. Granted, characters in Flynn's previous novels (""Sharp Objects"" and ""Dark Places"") are pretty pathetic and and at times revolting too, but I always felt some strange empathy towards them, not annoyance and boredom, like I felt reading about Amy and Nick's marriage voes.But then second part, with its wicked twist, changed everything. The story became much more exciting, dangerous and deranged. The main characters revealed sides to them that were quite shocking and VERY entertaining. I thought the Gillian Flynn I knew before finally unleashed her talent for writing utterly unlikable and crafty women. THEN I got invested in the story, THEN I cared.Was it too little too late though? I think it was. Something needed to be done to make ""Gone Girl"" a better read. Make it shorter? Cut out first part completely? I don't know. But because of my uneven experience with this novel I won't be able to recommend ""Gone Girl"" as readily as I did Flynn's earlier novels, even though I think this horror marriage story (it's not a true mystery, IMO) has some brilliantly written psycho goodness in it and an absolutely messed up ending that many loathed but I LOVED. I wish it didn't take so much time and patience to get to all of that...
Okay, here is the thing.  I like dark and twisted stories.  The twisted plotlines and authentically scarred characters  pull me and I am hooked.  Gillian Flynn wrote such a story line very well in Sharp Objects.  That is story is messed up but beautiful all the same.  Donna Tartt and Tana French are other authors that know how to write about those dark places in the human soul.  But it isn't just darkness in these stories that I love, there is also intensely developed characters and character driven plot lines but the presence of a very smart and impressive plot as well. Gone Girl was on my list of books to by for close to a year before it was released.  There are very few authors who can do this genre well.Gone Girl in the end is a decent read.  It is completely unpredictable, it is dark and the characters are twisted.  The story is told from the alternating point of view of a wife and husband.  The story pulls you in and you think that you know what is happening, you think you know the characters and then BAM.  Seriously BAM.  I don't want to write more about the surprises and plot twists because it will rob readers of the experience.  I thought the twists were amazing and well done.  Though admittedly, I was mad at the first major plot surprise.  I had to put the book (okay my kindle) down and walk away from the story for a short period of time.  But in the end I realized that Flynn was brilliant.  She made me buy in completely to a certain idea of what the couple and the story was about.Issues of gender and economics are themes that Flynn touched on in Sharp Objects and she does that in Gone Girl as well.  The main characters are without jobs, frustrated by the economy and have moved to a small dying midwest town.  Concepts of what make a woman appealing and what is expected from a woman are consistently but subtly danced around in both Sharp Objects and Gone Girl.  Family ties and relationships are unwound and what remains is not all that pretty.In the end, though, the characters were too far down the unlikable path for my taste.  They were not redeemable.  I like my characters flawed and hurting, thank you very much.  But to have nobody in the story be someone I can attach to?  To have only the side characters be the sympathetic ones?  That is a challenge for me.  There are certain scenes and phrases that one of the characters will say when he/she is mad (trying to be vague here ....) to describe other characters.  I felt it was just too shocking, that Flynn's goal may have been to push the boundaries and make readers uncomfortable just because rather than contributing to the storyline.  Now vulgar doesn't usually bother me and it really didn't bother me here, I just thought it was too much.So if you like dark, you like twisted and you enjoyed Flynn's other books then I suggest you read this.  Flynn's works tend to be shorter than Tana French's and Donna Tartt's.  They are definitely less involved and the characters, while rich in description, are not as complexly written.I'll leave you with an excerpt that will not spoil the story for you, but demonstrate that while this may not be Flynn's best work it is still good and she has an amazing ability to make brilliant observations about human beings in our modern world:""Being the cool girl means I am a hot, briliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and ******, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she's hosting the world's biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2 ... hot and understanding.  Cool Girls never get angry ....
Read half the book, saw the movie and haven't gotten back to the book.  I had a hard time reading it just didn't care for the way it was written.  Every other chapter was being told by one of the 2 characters.  It was just hard for me to really get into that way too confusing but loved the movie really kept me on the edge of my seat and what an ending wow.
Writing with my wife's comments as she read the book. She says it was very exciting but she was disappointed in the unrealistic ending.  She thought the book way too explicit and would not care to see the movie.  She cannot understand why any man as the lead male character would want to stay with someone so volatile and spoiled as the female character was.
This book started out so brilliantly.  It had been a long time since I read a real page turner.  The type of book you can't put down.  One that is more interesting then anything you can watch on television...then came the 3rd act.  How horribly disappointing.  So glad the movie is going to have a different ending, because that is not how you end a thriller
I've just finished this novel, and while I enjoyed reading it I'm not sure why it topped the best sellers list for months.  It's well-written, humorous and,for the most part, has a well-thought out plot but by the end it just didn't hold together for me and I was left disappointed.  I would recommend Gillian Flynn as an author but this novel was only 'ok'.
I started out liking these characters, then I didn't like him, and then I didn't like her.  So why did I keep reading?  Well, Ms. Flynn is a great story teller and I kept being drawn in to find out what happens next, and for that reason I gave this book three stars. But my time would have been better spent quitting in the middle and reading something else.
I thought it was too contrived.  Too predictable and  not very believable.Neither Amy or Nick were likable, nor could I feel sympathy for anyone in the book especially not the parents  who seemed falseThe police were not very professional  and the ending was a disappointment
I passed on this book until it showed up on Kindle for $4.I started skimming and kept skimming to finish the book.  I found I didn't care about Nick or Amy.  The could live or die and it wouldn't matter.  The book relies heavily on coincidences to tighten the noose around Nick's neck.  The ending isn't the worst part of the book, but it's top three.
In my opinion the ending is weak. I liked the book up until the ending which was unbelievable and not fitting with the character (Amy). SPOILER: We are supposed to believe that she would get away with the sloppy murder that wasn't planned? There would be evidence galore that she was not held against her will. Such a let down to a great plot and beginning.
The first half of this book is relatively engaging. Then it gets brilliant for about the third quarter of the book: I mean, a really awesome bombshell at halfway through. But the ending just isn't awesome. Disappointing, really. I wouldn't strongly recommend this book but it is an engaging, quick read that borders on genius but misses the mark in the end.
I was very excited about this book from what I had heard about it. It was a disappointment. It was pretty slow upuntil about the half way point, at which point it really sucked me in. And then the ending... Big let down! Overall, if you just need a book to pass some time it will do that. If you're looking for a new favorite, this is probably not it.
Liked it until the end. Then it just got silly.
Although this book is extremely well written and may be humorous to some people I despise cheating husbands and do not like manipulative people (the wife) either.  This book was not for me, I want to ""like"" at least one of the characters in a book.Now I'm glad I did read it in case someone wants to discuss it I'll at least know the content.
Sure hope the movie isn't as drawn out mid-middle to end as the book is. I had already read other's reviews about the ending, so I was expecting it to be disappointing. However, Flynn does a great job enthralling her readers (did he do it?) and as many times as I wanted to skip ahead or give up, I didn't. I was hoping if I held in there, I'd be rewarded.
I am not a fan of a his side her side chapters in a book. Everyone was making this book to be such a great story and I felt that it left me feeling flat. I really did not like the end and felt that justice did not get served. What a horrible story about love and trust and faith in a relationship. I still want to see the movie just to see how they end it.
Although this book was intriguing at first with its psychological component, the ending really killed it for me. It was one of those moments when you imagine the author getting bored and ending it half-finished.The whole story built up to the moment when justice would FINALLY be served...and it just wasn't. At all.Lame way to end.
This book started out slow, I had a very hard time getting into it.  It does get better during the middle, I finally was wondering what was going to happen.  I was slightly disappointed in the ending. So, it was just OKI am curious, however, to see how they translated this writing style into a movie.  I will probably be renting the movie on demand.
Gillian Flynn does a good job keeping you guessing.  The book started a bit tedious and the main characters, Amy and Nick were created to be rather shallow.  But once they leave NYC the plot starts to take shape and the reader gets pulled in rather quickly. It evolves into a fun page turner....  however... I won't be a spoiler...  but I HATED the ending.
Like a bad one night stand.  It was riveting up until the end.  It seemed as though the author wrote themselves into a corner and gave up on any additional character development once the climax was reached.  There was no cuddling afterwards, only a cold walk of shame as I gathered my belongings and checked my watch, asking myself 'is that all there is?'
This was a book that I wanted to read before I saw the movie because I knew nothing of the story. Now I doubt I will go out to see it. I'll just wait for it on cable. Dark Places and Sharp Objects are the titles of his/her other books. I think that perfectly describes this book. Neither character drew my sympathy for long and therefore, left me wanting.
I think the movie hype affected my review.  This is not the kind of story I would ordinarily choose and I found it depressing.  I didn't like any of the characters.  It was creatively written, with interesting twists.  It's very clever.  However, I have a hard time enjoying a story when I don't have someone to root for.  I really wanted to like it more.
Great build-ups in chapter after chapter that all led up to nothing!  There is no end to this novel.  The author simply stopped writing at a point where the story had the full force of the plot behind it and seemed to be going somewhere. As the reader, I felt let-down and cheated!!I'm not sure I'll trust this author to deliver in the future.
I'm an avid reader and I typically steer clear of books that are ""a must read"" and I should have this time as well. I don't understand all the hype. This book is just ok to me. I wasn't grabbed by the story or any of the characters. It wasn't suspenseful, thrilling or captivating. It's what I call a busy-book, you read it because you started it.
I had a hard time getting into this book. The back and forth between the main characters was, to put it bluntly, boring. I put the book down several times to start another. Then, once I got through the first part the story was riveting, and worth the wait.  My advice to readers is to slog through the beginning, have patience, it will pay off in the end.
Terrific start - very interesting. And then it starts to become laboured and then it ... ends. When you turn the page for the next chapter and realize you just read the end you can be sure it was a fizzle. I was expecting one glorious final plot twist (spoiler!!!) that the parents were behind it for publicity. A knowing smile at the reunion and...fade.
I really enjoyed the first half of the book which was exciting and really grabbed the reader's attention. The second half left me feeling short changed. It evolved into an exaggerated storyline leaving the reader expecting some sort of dramatic climax, which actually never came. In the end I was just looking forward to finishing the book and moving on.
The plot is complex, there are many pieces to the puzzle, making it an interesting read.however, the ending is where I am left disappointed. There are unresolved pieces of the story and I find the idea that Nick would simply live out his remaining days with Amy preposterous. I think the mystery that Flynn has created deserves a better ending than this.
After spending my time reading this book and loving it all the way through I was sooooo disappointed by the ending!!!!  Really????? the author couldn't come up with something better than that??  I was going to read another book by this author, but I don't think so now.  This is the first time I've ever reviewed a book.....that's how bad the ending was.
First want to say that I could have done without the F-bomb so often. Just not necessary. The book started out confusing and slow for me. Once it picked up I was intrigued with the possibilities of where it was going only to be totally let down with the ending. I really hate that I actually purchased this book, I've enjoyed so many more that were free.
I didn't like this book as much as it seems everyone else did. The story didn't keep me on the edge of my seat or needing to keep reading. I actually finished it because everyone had said it was such a good book, I kept waiting for it to get better. I really liked Sharp Objects, so I thought I'd like this one as well. It just didn't hold my attention.
Yes its a fantastic page turner-cannot-put-down kind of novel. The ending alas is so pathetic its enough to knock down 2 stars.I was shocked when I got to the end of the last chapter. ""Thats it? Seriously?""What a fizzle out. After all the clever plot development, it seems like the writer just got bored and wanted to end the novel.
Don't want to waste a lot of time with this review... but are you kidding me with that ending? Loved every second of this book until her anticlimactic return home. Then it got really mundane and muddled in a hurry. The last few chapters completely sapped all the joy out of reading this book. I have a lot of people to apologize to for recommendations.
Good book. Keeps the reader on their toes, but I was not a fan of the ending. I'm not looking for a happy ending because that would not have an authentic feel, but I would have appreciated an actual end feeling. To me, it almost felt like the author didn't know how to finish. I had the same feeling at the conclusion to the Sopranos television series.
I purchased this book for my kindle based on some of the reviews. Some people had said it was a really good read with lots of twists. I gave the book three stars becuase it does have lots of twists,  interesting characters, and the writing was good. But it took me till about half way through to really get into it and I was disappointed in the ending.
Seemed like a combination of different ""who done it"" books. I came up with numerous ways that would have been easy to pin the guilt on the guilty party. I was surprised when the book ended and they did not use them or come up with a reason why that wouldn't have been investigated / done. Some interesting twists, but nothing earth shattering.
The story was good. it took awhile for it to get off the ground. Once it was underway, it held your interest  almost until the end. I was very surprised by the ending. I think it was very weak compared to the rest of the story. Quite  a disappointment. Had i known the ending before i started, I probably wouldn't have read it. Don't waste your money.
...but good enough, and creatively written, to appreciate. If you like dark mystery drama, you'll probably like it. I wanted to read it before I watched it as a movie, so I picked it up again after 6 months. Enjoyed the second half more than the first, partly because I was imagining Ben Afleck playing the role of the main character. That helped. Ha.
i really had high hopes for this and why the psychology behind it and writing was stellar, i felt like it just ""ended"" and i hate that empty feeling when you feel like there should be more but there is not.  anyway....it was interesting for quite a while but the lack of climax or resolution ruined the entire experience for me.  don't bother.
The premise of this novel was unique.  The plot twists kept you guessing and reading to discover the next turn of events. The main characters, both deeply flawed, were nonetheless interesting. It was the ending that bothered me most.  Plot holes were evident and it was as if the author just stopped because there was no plausible way to fill them in.
I have to start my saying I believe this book is very overrated.  A lot of what kept me in it was the hype behind it.  There were very slow parts where I found myself skimming and moments that really lost my interest.  And the ending!! Well...  See for yourself if you have some ... 5 or so... disposable hours.  I for one was extremely disappointed.
Slow to get into plot.  Characters were good.  Hard to believe someone could actually plan something that could take so long to get to her ending pleasure.  And then to forget it all and go back to her husband so quickly.  Expected more at the end, one way or the other.  And then husband is finally happy in the end after all she did to him.  Huh???
It was a great story but I hated how it ended.
This is a shrewdly written novel about the disintegration of a marriage told from the point of view of both the husband and the wife. It definitely pulls you along, but the ending is disappointing. Given how well and, as I said, shrewdly constructed the novel is, it's weird that it just peters out at the end. Still it's a good ride while it lasts.
Predictable book. The story is your typical wives went missing husband suspect. Until it's not like that .My problem w this book was the lack of police work and how they are portrayed. I felt as I reading a Spanish soap opera where everyone gets away with doing bad things and they never get caught. Having said that I really enjoyed the book.
I liked it but at the same time thought it was a bit messed up. It had lots of twists and turns in the book and definitely ended with an unexpected ending. I really liked how the story went back and forth between the characters but it got a little confusing a few times as to when things were taking place because it also went back in forth in time.
I know this book is a top seller.  I felt it went on and on and instead of not able to put it down, I felt myself not looking forward to picking it up.  Felt every thought of the characters was boring.  Did not like the authors style of writing, waiting to see the movie.  Did not get half way through the book,  will see what happens in the movie
Took me about 3 chapters to get into it - nearly put it down as a 'not for me book'.  However, persisted and after getting into it found it to be a 'cannot put it down' book - curious to find out what the real truth was in the story.  Then I found the ending to be a bit dissapointing/believable. Enjoyed it, but would I recommend it to friends?!!!
I have not finished the book yet.  I was interesed in it, because several of the WSJ reviewers said it was outstanding and they couldn't put it down.  So far, I am not of that opinion.  But I may change my mind as I continue.  I do not intend to stop reading it; it is on my kindle, and I don't carry it with me at all times.Anne Hebert
This book  has a captivating story line and one wants to continue reading it; the ending was not what I expected; perhaps there have been so many excellent reviews I was expecting more.  There are various themes woven into the plot with interpersonal relationships and conflicts so it makes one think.  Interesting, different and I would recommend.
The book Gone Girl was ok. I have read several other books by this author and this was not her best. The story line was good though, hated the ending. I really wanted the ""wife"" to be found out by her parents, police and other people in the story that she tricked. The ""wife"" was a very  ungrateful person, which makes a very interesting character.
Not as good as Sharp Objects but clever and tight.  You go from hating one person to hating the other, and feeling some if not much compassion for both.  Gillian Flynn does a wonderful job bringing the story to life. Overall a skin-tingling cautionary tale not to be read with one's spouse (only half-joking!) as you might hate them for a while...
I forced myself to finish this book, just to see how the story of two unlikable people would end.  I didn't enjoy the book, but wanted to read it because of all the publicity surrounding it and the movie.  The author's skill at story telling was evident.  She was successful at creating two vividly unlikable characters.  Now, I can say I read it.
I liked, didn't love the book. There were sections that seemed too long and unnecessary to the context of the story. The ending was the choice of three stars and a non-event for me, which was also was expressed by a friend who also read the book. I think it may make a good movie, rather than a great book. We'll see, as the movie is due out soon.
The story is too far fetched.  The characters are nothing but negative which makes it hard to read. I went with the plot for awhile but it fades towards the end and goes out with a whimper.  We know already that both characters are negative.I suppose the book sells so well because of its unusual plot which is promoted by the publisher etc.
I have only just finished this book and sad to say I was very disappointed in the ending.  It totally leaves you hanging and I don't like to feel like that after a book.  I want to know more !!!! It has you up there totally engrossed only to leave you like a shag on a rock!! I think if you have an ending like that it should open up to a sequel.
As it progressed, the audiobook became  somewhat laborious to listen to.  Of course a book has to be detailed, but, those details in Gone Girl, were brain drainingly boring.  The movie entertained me so much moreso than the book because the book came over in my mind in shades of gray.  The movie at least charmed me visually as it was in color.
well this is how this book went for me:Beginning: SlowMiddle: Couldn't put it downEnd: I wanted to kill Gillian FlynnWhat a terrible ending.  I thought I bought a bad book and it was missing pages.I was pissed at the end of this book.that is all... i will see the movie tho. maybe they will change the ending.
Great book until the end. Good plot, well-written, interesting character development. But at the end, it seemed like Ms. Flynn was suddenly told she had 1 page to wrap things up and as the reader, I found myself unceremoniously dumped, without explanation. I felt ripped-off by the lack of effort or imagination used to finish the story-telling.
This is a very interesting story and easy to read, but I would have enjoyed it more if some of the characters didn't remind me of real media characters (not a fan of Nancy Grace in real life or the version in the book) and if certain aspects weren't quite so contrived.  I thought the concept was brilliant though and that made it worth my time.
It started out well but then became confusing and finally fizzled out.  Who,really was Nick? What did he ultimately stand for?  Amy was a sociopath who did not pay for her crime of murder.  If Nick stayed with Amy for the sake of their child,  what kind of mother did he expect Amy to be  and what would his son become in such an abnormal home?
I literally just finished reading this book. I admit that I was caught off guard and I enjoyed the major twist. I guess I wanted someone to get what they deserved so I had to let go of that, but the story was definitely surprising. I need a little time to soak it all in but honestly I didn't love it. Too much hype maybe...higher expectations.
I couldn't put it down, I was completely drawn in. Until the end. I was expecting the end to be much better. I know that when I finished it I said out loud, ""that's it?!?!?"" For me, it was a let down. I kind of feel like Gillian Flynn didn't know how to end it, and that's all she could come up with. But it won't stop me from seeing the movie.
I'm not sure what I was expecting, but it wasn't as quick of a read as I thought it would be. It definitely messed with your psyche a bit and had a decent twist midway through but it wasn't as great if a book as everyone led on. I also didn't really like the ending. I am, however, interested to see how this turns into a movie later this year.
Once word. Insane.Insane.Insane.I cannot believe that a person could come up with this kind of story and actually be able to put it on paper in a way that makes total sense and is captivating and well written. I would give it 5 stars, but i'm just so horrified by that fact that someone's mind could work this way that i cant.
While I did like this book I felt like it took me more than half the book to get into it. I felt like the beginning droned on too long. At the same time, the end droned also but that was more interesting. It has a bit of a Hitchcockian flare so that brought it to a higher level for me. Enjoyable in the long run. I've recommended it to others.
Over all this was a good book. I can see why they put this on the top 11 books you should in ur 20s. I only give it 3 stars because it was so slow in the beginning. I almost didn't make it to the part of the book that was worth reading because of how boring the beginning was. I'm glad I didn't put it down tho because it was def worth the read
I hated, simply hated the ending.Very disappointing ..however, the author can write the ending to her book anyway she sees fit but i, as  a reader, felt I was left hanging.  I know I know, author 's prerogative but this is one reader's opinion and nothing more...this reader hated the ending & it was not a believable ending to me.
Great book, but I agree that it goes downhill in the second half. Hated the ending. Also, I read this on my honeymoon, which I highly recommend against doing, ha. ""Is this what I have to look forward to after five years of marriage?"" ;-) Overall, I thought it was a good, entertaining read, but was pretty dissatisfied with the ending.
Really hated the way the book ended. However, up to that point it did have some interesting twists and turns which kept me reading. The two main characters turn out to be a pair of disturbed and disturbing people. The only thing to say is thank goodness they found each other and did not subject anyone else to being married to either of them.
I bought this book as a ""kinda looks interesting"" book.  It had my attention from the start. I enjoyed the perspectives from the  characters every other chapter.  I stayed up late reading for several nights because it was so engrossing.  And then, the book ends.  Just like that.  I feel as if I read the whole book and then........no closure.
This book!  Being married 25 years to my husband I could relate to the love/hate relationship and vengeful thinking.  I was totally enthralled until Amy killed Desi....then I lost the kinship...too extreme and unbelievable.  I kept thinking, I don't get it...I'm not liking this anymore.  That is my only complaint. Overall I enjoyed the book!
Even though Amy's character was well thought out, I found the book to be written in a rather strange manner.  The story switched back and forth between what Nick was thinking and doing and what Amy was thinking and doing.  Just as you would get interested in one of them, it would switch to the other.  It lacked the flow of most other books.
The book certainly kept me engaged, but, like many other readers, I found myself increasingly disliking most of the characters as the book progressed.  Also, the ending was ridiculous.  If the overall theme of the book was the symbiotic toxicity of Nick and Amy's relationship, the author did a lousy job of setting it up throughout the book.
I heard so much about this book, that it's conclusion was extremely disappointing. It was like Flynn ran out of ideas and ended the book abruptly because the well ran dry. Of course the writing was good, the descriptions admirable, but it was like the O'Henry ending died instead of whacking the reader. Too bad. It could've been a good book.
I guess the problem with reading reviews before hand is the expectations of a book, and that is what happened to me with this.  Everyone promised an interesting surprising twist, so when it came, i wasn't so surprised.  A good enjoyable read, and its nice to see a female character with this amount of depth, and not typical characterization.
I read this book because my book club was reading it. There are no redeeming characters here. In fact, the characters are really reprehensible people, ranging from simply sad to sociopaths. It was an interesting enough story, but the payoff was, 'Why did I read this?.' Please tell me a story without me feeling that I need a bath afterwards.
The book was a great disappointment to me.  I have not read a book where no character in the book was appealing or admirable.  Because I remained hopeful  someone would redeem themselves in some way, I kept reading to the end. The way the book ended was disturbing to me.  Neither of the main characters valued one another or their marriage.
Bought this book based on reviews and the fact that true crime books/shows are something of a guilty pleasure of mine.  I was expecting a twisty whodunit/procedural, but this is more a combo of satire and psychological horror. Don't want to give away spoilers, but the 2nd half of the book veers completely away from the first, and you are then aware of exactly who the main character is (frankly, I found the second half less enjoyable due to the increasing focus on this character).  There are plenty of darkly humorous digs at modern celebrity and the American ""justice"" system that really hit the mark. As this was written by a former reviewer for Entertainment Weekly, allusions to pop culture are peppered throughout, particularly film noir and Hitchcock movies.  You may enjoy these references if you're a fan, as I am.If I were to rate the first 3/4 of the book, I'd give it 4 stars, but the ending was pretty much what I'd been expecting the last 20 pages--just drawn out and somewhat disappointing.  I wish the book had stayed a bit more grounded in reality instead of creating a monster that could never possibly exist (as opposed to the media types and lawyers in the book, who seem all the more terrifying because of their basis in reality).Also, the profanity did seem excessive, in particular the derogatory language directed toward women.  Wish modern authors realized that it's really more effective using certain words selectively.  You don't really need to use the same terms over and over and over to portray characters' inner angst or nastiness.My overall rating would be 3 1/2 stars.
I've read the author's other books, and while they are dark reads, I found them engrossing from start to finish. There were some interesting twists and I was enjoying this book, expecting a great ending. However, the ending just leaves you hanging, which was disappointing. I wonder if Gillian Flynn purposely left it that way for a sequel.
After all the hype for this book I felt let down. The book followed the patterns minds of two people who had a hate relationship.One controlled and the other followed.It was so predictable. I rather skipped through intending to find the magic bean hidden among the pages.Sadly disappointing and brought nothing to my library of great reads.
It took a while to read.  The story dragged in places, & sometimes I cheated by skipping ahead.  I liked the characters at the beginning, but not at the end.  I was disappointed in all the language & the actions of Amy & Nick.  I'm glad I don't know people like that!  I was disappointed in the ending, but maybe the movie has a better one.
The first half was pretty uneventful. The second half really pulled you in, just in time or I would have put it down for good. This is my second book by Flynn and was good. MAYBE if it wasn't so highly rated I would've expected a bit less and enjoyed it a little more. VERY twisted not to mention made my stomach turn more than a few times.
I finished the book.  It is not a bad book or a good book.  Having main character that are so weird is a turnoff.  I guessed at what was going to happen before it really did.  I liked to be surprised.  Also, I like to root for the main characters.  In this book they were not particularly likeable.  The story in the beginning sucks one in.
It was ok. The writing style was great. Characters sucked you in. It really gave you a look inside a psychopath's life. But did I love the book? Not really. The beginning was slow and ending wasn't where I thought it should go. The middle was pretty good, but not good enough to make up for the rest. Overall, it didn't live up to the hype.
As with so many, this starts out with a wonderful premise, full and complex characters, and an intriguing setting.  The first 100 pages, or even 150, are compelling.  Then the plot becomes so cheaply convoluted, the turns less and less believable, that as it progresses, I don't care any more because those characters aren't real any more.
Very well written.  First few chapters keep you interested.  Nick's side of the story is more interesting at first.  She whines too much.  Later in the book, her side is more interesting, because her true self emerges.  Nick becomes the whiner.  I can usually read a good book in one day, but it has taken me a few months to read this one.
I read this one because my book club was all excited about it. It was ok in my opinion. The end was disappointing. It's not the type of book I'd choose myself, I'm more into memoirs, so take that into consideration I suppose. The plot lines did remind me of a couple real-life cases, which I liked, but overall I wasn't WOWed by this book.
The early parts of the novel are over-written and self-conscious. The writer has a bad habit of writing paragraphs to make points that only merit a sentence or two. The shifting points of view initially feel contrived but end up working quite well. Overall, it is a clever story and good read with interesting, albeit annoying, characters.
I enjoyed reading the body of the book but, was extremely disappointed with the ending.  As I was reading this book I heard that they want to make it into a movie. I can see with the undramatic ending that they'll be open to sequels.  I will not read the sequel. It's such a letdown when you're reading a good book and it ends like it did.
Good mystery with a twist, but the abundant foul language was distracting and didn't add a bit to the story. Sure, a lot of common and, maybe, not so common folks talk that way, but it isn't necessary or helpful to the telling of the tale. The gratuitous vulgarity is the reason I won't recommend ""Gone Girl"" to my friends. Jack W
The characters in this book are all dysfunctional people users/abusers.  Lots of crude language used to try to get the characters fleshed out.  (Do people really talk like that?)  Fair amount of interesting twists and turns.  A little disappointed at the ending, which was not believable on so many levels.  But, after all, it is fiction.
I hated the ending. I wasn't trilled with the 2 main people in the book either. Because I don't want to ruin it for those who want to read it lets just say its hard to believe that the ending would be this way. I kept reading because I wanted to find out what happens. Their were parts I skimmed through because I was bored with parts it.
If I had not planned on reading this and then going to see the movie with a friend, I may not have finished the book.  The development of the Amy character was somewhat interesting.  Did I not like it because I did not like any of the characters except for Margo?  Who knows.  What I do know is that Gone Girl did not live up to the hype.
I could not wait to read this book.  I was totally engrossed in this story until I reached the last third of the book.  It was a terrible ending.  I mean terrible!  Gillian Flynn is a great writer.  Her storytelling is remarkable.  The book kept you guessing, the characters were all flawed, the book was fantastic....till the end.  Ahhh.
Pretty good. Interesting characters.  I found the ending a lot less compelling than the beginning.  As a psychologist, I found the sociopathy a bit far-fetched.  few true sociopaths have the foresight to be that calculating; grandeur and discipline rarely go hand in hand.  It got a bit predictable.  But, compelling elements nonetheless.
This book took me sometime to get in to. But once I got hooked.I was very hooked. There's definitely ups and downs throughout the story. I wasn't sure who the bad or good guy through the whole story. Even at the conclusion I wasn't sure who it was. This is definitely a good read. Keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole way through.
This entire book was middle of the road for me. The story was just gripping enough to keep me turning the page, however the characters were so unlikable that I found myself not really caring what happened to them in the end, which I guess is a good thing because the ending was the worst ending to a book I have ever read. It is that bad!
I read this book after hearing countless raves about it and have to say that it was quite disappointing.  The writing was excellent and the two perspectives really kept me interested but the ending was so depressing that it ruined the whole book for me.  I was waiting for a real ""gotcha"" and the final twist fell ironically flat.
This is a tough I've for me to review. I truly thought that this book was going to be better than it was. for me it started out really slow. I could only read a section or two at a time and pick up another section or so later on (diary sections).This book is written in a he said she said type of thing and at times that is hard to read.
After reading the entire book and being completely on board, (with all of the characters being fairly unlikeable, that is), I felt like I got punched in the gut when I got to the end. Really? I felt like I had invested energy into listening to a friend whine about her sh!tty boyfriend, only for her to keep going back with them. Next!!!
I liked this book until the ending.  Really, really, really lame ending.  I got to the end and went, ""Whaaaat??!""  Stupid ending.  Ruined the whole book for me and every time I think about it, it pisses me off.  I don't even want to go see the movie because the ending is so dumb and boring and doesn't fit the rest of the story.
I was disappointed in the book.  The main female character  had no redeeming features and the male was not far behind.  A curse on both their houses.  Could any man be this stupid?It was too long.The only reason I gave it 3 stars was because it is a good character study of people living on the fringe of society.
Flynn writes well and the plot kept me going--especially when I was working out! But while some see the ending as the final ""gotcha"", I felt it was a total cop out. I felt very let down and disappointed. Maybe I'm used to too many tv shows that always have a resolution at the end. Maybe there's a sequel! Maybe I won't read it!
I really want to give it 2 1/2 stars, but rounded up.  I know the intent of the author was most likely for the reader not to like either of the main characters, and I certainly did not.  The problem with that, though, is that I couldn't connect with either of the main characters either, which made this a very difficult novel to enjoy.
I could not put the book down for the first 2/3rds.  It was riveting.  The last 1/3rd of the book was a little over the top and by the end, disappointing.  Not sure why the author took the path that she did but it could have ended so much different (& better).  Not sure I will recommend this book to anyone else.  Have to think on it.
I am very pleased that I read Gone Girl, although I must confess about a third of the way through I was seriously bored by it and thought it very predictable. I only stuck with it as it is being read by my Book Club. I'm glad I did as about half way through a really clever twist emerges and from then onwards it becomes a page turner.
This book had me gripped through the first 3 quarters. Couldn't stop thinking about it when I wasn't reading.But then I got so disappointed and frustrated with how it ended that the whole experience was ruin.The only reason I want friends to read it is so I can have someone else agree with me about how frustrating it was.
I didn't like the swear words in it.  Sorry.
The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.The ending...ugh.I tell my students that the beginning and end matter most.
I really enjoyed the first three quarters of the book. It was very compelling and I couldn't put it down! But the last part of the book was just nuts. I didn't care for the main characters and it didn't ring true to life, unless they both had serious psychological issues. I just wish the last bit of the book was a good as the first!
I enjoyed the twists and turns of the story. The characters were interesting and well developed. It started slowly and took awhile for it to grab my attention; but after the first quarter of the book, it totally held my attention. The ending was hugely disappointing. It made me wish I had not invested so much time reading the book.
I did not care for the way the story was chaptered and would have much preferred the two top subjects to have been intermingled; hence only three stars.  That being said, it was a good storyline and well worth the time reading although I do feel that it is a book better appreciated by a younger reader as opposed to a senior reader.
I'm glad I borrowed the book from the library instead of paying for it. This isn't a book I would ever re-read or recommend to anyone. The leading characters are unpleasant and have no redeeming or likeable characteristics. I am wondering if unlikeable characters are a new trend. Unusual plot, murder or is it? Disappointing ending.
I think I was expecting more because everyone went on and on about how good it was.  It was definitely dark and the twists were good...really good. UNTIL THE ENDING.  I was completely disappointed and for that reason I would  recommend this book only if you can deal with a so-so ending. I found it to be infuriating and incomplete.
Well, it helps if you like at least one character in the book. Good twists but I don't like to twist in the wind. As I read I think  ""wow! This is a great turn"" and I hoped it would work into an ending I would like.But that's just my preference. As I said no character was remotely likeable so in the end I just didn't care.
I read this book, and thought it was a great story up until the end.  I'm sorry to say that I did NOT like the ending at ALL.  I'm not a person who always has to have a happy ending, but the wife in this book?  She definitely deserved to get hers in the end.  Not continue to make everyone's life miserable for the rest of time.  :(
I was hooked on the first page, but my interest wained as the book wore on. I found that I didn't really relate to or like either of the main characters. They seemed so self-absorbed and really unlikeable. I really got sick and tired of the F-bomb on just about every page too. I gave up and have no interest in finishing the book.
Very slow start. I put the book down several times thinking I couldn't read such a boring book about a character that was so self absorbed. I finally persevered and still think about the characters now that I've finished reading their story! Glad I stuck with it, but it was torture to get through the first one-fourth of the book.
The writing and originality of this book were incredible. I couldn't put it down. That being said, I hated it. Hated the characters and the way the story ended. It was actually disturbing to me. I'm very conflicted though because the writing was outstanding; I wish it had been directed at characters and a plot that I didn't hate.
There was three parts to this book. Not to spoil the story, but I thought it was all very predictable. I was so angry at these characters that I really wanted a super dramatic ending. The whole story was a rollercoaster of events. After all the craziness the story ends flat. I really think it will make a better movie than a book.
It is certainly a different story line but very long and I had to keep reading to see how the author would finish the novel. It's quite clever how she put the novel together but it is a bit of an epic tale. For me its was a bit long and I found the characterst annoying and not very likeable. I concluded they deserved one another.
Something must have gone way over my head girl, because I did not ""get"" the ending.  I agree with someone else here who said it seemed the author didn't know how to end the book so she just stopped writing...so what a big disappointment the ending was. I read the last chapter a few times and I still don't know how the story ends.
I was totally sucked in for 1/2 of the book, like watching a Dateline murder mystery.  Eagerly anticipating a clever plot twist, I was a little disappointed with an ending that felt more like a Dr. Phil show. The characters are complex, I enjoyed their development. However, without resolution or justice, the ending falls flat...
I found this book to be difficult at first but after several chapters I was hooked. I loved how it switched between what was occurring and flashing back. It really gave you a better understanding of the characters.  It was a really good read until the end. I was disappointed and wanted more from it. But I still enjoyed the book.
Flynn is obviously a talented writer, but this book took me to a place I would rather not have gone. This book reminded me of an episode of 'Seinfeld' or 'Always Sunny' in that our protagonists are horrible people who do horrible things and life goes on. Problem is, this formula doesn't work as well packaged as a thriller novel.
Enjoyed this book right up until the ending, at which point the author must have developed writer's cramp because she ended it with no warning and no resolution. It's like she wrote herself into a corner, couldn't figure out what to do, so she simply stopped. Kudos for the creativity and storyline but a big fat F for the ending.
i actually enjoyed the movie better..though there were some parts of the book that enlightened the reader more..i am not sure why the movie was more intriguing..however it was still an innovative plot with many twists and turns and suprises.. however the the going back and forth with each chapter made the book tedious at times.
the structure is different in that it's like having a conversation with both characters and deciding who is lying to you. You soon realize  that there are serious character flaws in each wondering how or why they were ever together in the first place. I might have rated it higher if it hadn't been so predictable.C M
This book had a lot of twists and turns which made it difficult to put down.  Unfortunately, the ending was extremely disappointing.  With the creative mind she had during the book, I definitely expected a mind-blowing ending.  My assumption is that it's being set up for a continuation.  But I won't continue or watch the movie.
A great read...But disappointed in the end, it was the first book i'd read on my kindle and didn't realise i was at the end ,I kept going forward and back thinking i'd messed up somehow.... She (Amy) should have ended up in jail or dead.I actually preferred Dark Places,but never the less will definitely keep up with Ms Flynn...
Nick and Amy were a great couple then they weren't. Amy disappeared. All signs point to Nick as a murderer but the body can't be found.  Every other chapter gives the side of either Nick or Amy.I only gave it a 3 because the prose was a bit too verbose and detailed for me and because I didn't like either character.
A real page-turner. A good story.  I didn't like either of the characters but still enjoyed the book.  One star knocked off for the unnecessary foul language throughout the book, and another star knocked off for the over explicit sex......please credit us with a little imagination, it doesn't have to be spelled out so crudely.
The story is told in short clipped chapters that lead the reader to anxiously want to move forward in this tale. At points the story seems to lull until the twist hits you leading to a wide range of emotions. I would have loved to have some resolution but this psychological thriller did not lend itself to a gentler conclusion.
Like many of these lame modern day thrillers it was indeed a page turnerAnd like most modern day books it was filled with feminist drivel.The author is obviously a feminist nightmare.I hated the ending but I'm sure the author and all her feminist followers were screaming ""you go girl!!!!!
I have mixed feelings about this book. I thought it started out slow but I kept reading because I knew it was going to be a movie and it was on the Top 100 for awhile.  It definitely got much better and I ended up really enjoying the book. I gave this book 3 stars because of the slow start and I wasn't a big fan of the ending.
For me, this book was way too gruesome.  I don't really care for stories of how screwed up people can be.  A real buzz kill.  Very well written, which is why I give it an ok rating and why I actually finished it.  Gillian Flynn is creative and expressive for sure.  I just prefer to fill my head with more inspiring things . . .
Weird, weird book. Very surprised considering its popularity. Had to finish it, though, and it was okay. I hate to say I wouldn't recommend it to a friend. Both characters were very odd and had several issues of their own. No real ""good guy"" I guess. Left me with a big ole question mark dangling at the end of this one.
The ending of this novel was a huge let down. I wondered why I wasted my time reading it. Just when I was hoping for some well-deserved revenge, or at least a fascinating twist, I got nothing!! This book was recommended to me, but I would never recommend it to anyone. I see Flynn has written another novel. I'll save my money.
I read this book at the advice of a friend. The author spent a lot of time thinking about these events and laying a good story line making this book an entertaining read. Some things in this book were flag out ridiculous and impossible. I was disappointed with the finality of the book as I Sun  envisioned a different outcome.
The book started out pretty good, holding my interest but come the closing and it lost it...I finished reading just because I don't start a book without finishing regardless of how bad. I give it 3 stars bc it did entertain me for a bit more than half but in think I will leave this author alone and go back to my crime books!
But not really why all the hype and why they felt it needed to be made  into a movie. It's like ""Fifty shades"" all over again. A good book, for sure, but not oh wow mind blowing or anything. Definitely 5 stars for twists and turns but I just got annoyed after a while with her self righteous craziness. If that's even a thing.
hard to follow until to 53% of book.  I am just like all my friends, disappointed and very surprised at the ending.  I did not want to see the movie until I finished the book.  I understand, the movie did not give a lot of information about the ""Amazing Amy books""  I think that was an important part.  Glad I read it.
I was excited to read this book. I had heard such great things about it & the movie. WOW! It started out so slow & boring I wasn't sure if I'd be able to get to the ""good"" parts......well the middle was pretty good but the ending not so much.....I found it pretty slow moving all together. Read at your own risk.
Interesting but too contrived and convoluted. No reasons are given for the criminal mind of a well brought up woman who had everything.. Just because the heroine was very smart does not make things OK. So vindictive and vengeful. Books like that including Stephen King's books do not appeal to me. This is my personal opinion.
This book started out okay, however, I became bored with Amy's droning on in her diary even though the point of them was to prove to the reader that she was an extreme power and control freak. In fact, I began to skip those chapters completely. The concept was interesting and because of that I made it to the end of the book.
I really liked the beginning of this book but once I got half way through it turned into the most ridiculous, unbelievable story line EVER.  Even though I was still engrossed to find out what happened at the end the author completly failed.  Really seems like she just got tired of writing the book and said screw it, the end.
I had a difficult time getting into this book but persisted.  The first part kept me turning pages although it became apparent that the story was taken from the newspapers a few years ago. I reached the second part expecting a twisted, shocking end. Alas, it was so boring I had to wonder if the author got as bored as I did.
After a great beginning the novel crawled along for a while, before picking up and capturing my interest again. The ending, which I thought was excellent, in concept, could have been written with more detail. Overall, I thought the storyline, in this well written novel was good and the characters were completely believable.
I don't know what the big deal is with this book. I thought it was okay but a lot of rambling at times.  I found myself saying please get on with it. I have to admit though I did enjoy the characters. I did think Amy was quite brilliant and a psycho birch. It was a good book but not any better than any well written mystery.
I really hoped this book would live up to the hype but I was disappointed. I liked the characters I wasn't supposed to like and disliked the ones I was supposed to like. The plot was an interesting idea but very predictable. It's a fast read and should probably be read before the movie comes out but it's not worth the hype.
I wish I could it give it 2.5 stars. I really enjoye books I have given 3 stars much more. I didn't think it lived up to the hype at all. I felt if gave a wonderful description of marriage because I personally feel marriage is such a waste a time and that it feel just like that. It was nothing extraordinary about the book.
This book started off solid and I truly enjoyed it being narrated by two characters but at some point I knew the author checked out. Such a bummer she should have put the book down and let life marinate she could have really done it justice but as it is written I will not purchase another book by her. Fool me once right...
Great beginning. Loved the guessing games with the many clues! A true page turner! By the second half, this book jumped the shark. It became such a bizarre tale-perfect for a movie but not a book to be taken seriously! However, after all the craziness, I liked the ending! Again, the ending is perfect for a satirical movie!
I was actually a little disappointed with this novel.  It came highly recommended by several people and I was excited to read it.  Maybe I was too excited.  It took a long time to get interested in and I found the action slow going.  I did eventually finish it, and was happy with the story overall, but confused at the end!
.I thought the language was crude and not necessary as it did nothing to add to the storyline.  I think it does a good job of portraying a sociopath.  I would recommend it to someone who is interested in deviant behavior.  It was a little too ""dark "" for me and no redeeming qualities for either of the protagonists.
Lots of hype over this book and it was okay.  I couldn't think of anyone who would plan a murder for so long, and with such detail, and pull it off.  Then completely get taken in by her  dubious cabin neighbors.  There are some interesting twists but not enough to overcome the annoying wife.  I wanted to shoot her myself.
I absolutely loved this story. It kept me in suspense at very turn of the page. I absolutely hated the ending. It was awful...I feel like I read this whole book for a big let down. How disappointing! Now I will never read another Gillian Flynn book for fear that I will have wasted my time for another disappointing ending.
I must say the first half of the book was great! But by the end the author made a victim out of the cheating husband and went the psycho, ""fatal attraction"" route.  I guess its a good read I was hoping for there to be more of a romantic feeling in the end.  I had high hopes for this book but i was overall disappointed. :/
I had high hopes of enjoying this book but it was very disappointing, it could have been great with a better writer telling the story, it had plenty of scope to be a really good edge of your seat book, but it was predictable, and silly in places, don't waste your money on this one , a thriller with a good ending it is not
This is a very readable book but I felt like the plot was somewhat unrealistic and unlikely. I also don't like it when there are factors affecting the story that are added as an afterthought later in the narrative. The reader is given the best experience when they are given the opportunity to anticipate turns and twists.
This book was slow to start for me. It just goes to show how gullible people are and how no one really knows what goes on behind closed doors. I wish Amy got caught, but that would've been so cliche. Happy ending-ish, so it was interesting to have a different ending, perspective. No body wins. So depressing, so realistic
I thought the first half of the story was very well written. Very descriptive and cerebral. But the last half was too rushed as if the author was told to make plot twists that of a supermarket novel.  I was disappointed. If she would have kept the story more true-to-life I think this could have been a ""classic"".
I was somewhat disappointed in Gone Girl. I enjoyed the book, but after everything I had heard about it, I expected more. I was told that there were a lot of twists and turns, but the only twist was when the wife returned. Although tension was built up, I never expected the husband to be convicted for his wife's murder.
this particular book is really long and thin. It's sort of hard to hold onto. Not so comfortable to read. I saw another version in the supermarket that was wider and shorter in length. I suspect that one would be easier to hold while reading.The book, however, is really captivating: not literature, but good story.
I had to read it to see what the hub-bub was about.  I struggled to get through the first few chapters, and was truly angry with the ending.  Made me wonder how many people like this are walking around - people who played with the emotions of everyone around them; everyone that got caught up in their own personal drama.
This book started off well but increasingly got more confusing and scattered along the way. It took way too long for the predictable ending, in my opinion.  I felt there was unnecessary foul language, where it didn't do a thing for the story line, and the back and forth litany between the characters got a little boring.
I heard great things, so I was looking forward to the book. While I enjoyed the surprises the story has, some I expected from the tone of the chapter, I never liked the characters to care ""whodunit."" I also don't like the ending. I won't spoil it, but after everything - everything, I'd have liked something else.
The beginning was slow. I actually put it down for a while. Then I was encouraged by the person who recommended it to pick it up because it would get better. And it did, indeed, get better. It kept me wanting to read until the end, which I hadn't expected to end the way it did. A somewhat dark story but worth the read.
This book was one of the most gripping stories I have read. It kept me guessing from one event to the next. I thought the way it was presented was unusual and effective. But the ending was so very anticlimactic and weak. It left me feeling disappointed. I don't know that I would recommend it because of the poor ending.
There is no one to love in this story of flawed human beings. Solid story that is well written  but the story does not lift or illuminate the human condition in fact it couds all interactions until nothing is real except damage and its impact to people centered on the broken hub of relationships. This a very sad story.
The writing is good; I have to give Flynn lots of credit for developing characters with dimension and the fact that I hated both Nick and Amy speaks to her talent.  But I'm just sick of affairs, cheating, stupidity and mistrust.  I was aghast at the ending and sorry then that I had not quit the  book half way through.
I liked how the author could persuade the reader to side with one character the first half of the book and then the other later on but the ending???  Too much detail in some spots (the bar and relationship with sister) and not enough in others (Nick's Dad's storyline - talking about a woman??  things he said to Amy?).
An existance built on lies is unsettling no matter how pretty it looks on the outside.  At all costs, you have to be true to yorself. This book was intriguing throughout and yet the end left you suspended, yet all at once knowing what will happen. A little far from reality, the details believable but very far fetched.
This book had me intrigued from the beginning.  The story really drew me in, and I couldn't put it down, especially the further I read.  Just when you think you know the characters, a twist comes in and has you guessing again.  The ending, however, was a big disappointment.  Entertaining story, but frustrating ending.
I guess I should have read a little bit more about this book and the author before reading the book. I am a reader of mysteries and this book was more of a psychological ""thriller"" than a mystery. The author is very clever in her portrayal of her characters and a good writer, but this book was not my favorite.
This book was ok. It was hard to get into with the back and forth between Amy and Nick 's story. I hated the ending. It seems like Nick just settled and that's not how a marriage should be. Amy was manipulative and not loving. She down played everything when it came to him. Nick did his best the best way he knew how.
I was expecting extraordinary and I enjoyed a cheap beach read. First half of the book I thought it was the Scott Peterson story. The narrative was enjoyable and the female antagonist twist did get an audible ""oh"" out of me. Don't see how it spent a year at top of best seller list ...but a decent summer read.
There were parts of the book that were really well written.  While other parts just didn't work for me.  I realize Amy is suppose to be a sociopath, but I couldn't buy into some of it when Amy was telling her side of the story.  She sounded too much like a guy talking.  Other parts of the book and the plot I enjoyed.
I kept reading it, and I read it quickly, so I give it credit for drawing me in. My only problem was I really hated the characters. They had no redeeming qualities, and even after finishing it I still felt like they were terrible people. Many readers probably don't mind that, but I did, so I only gave it three stars.
I had really been looking forward to reading this book. Although it is full of twists and turns, it failed to keep me wanting more. There were times that the story seemed to drag and I found myself just wanting to get through it some could start another book. I was disappointed in how it all came together in the end.
I found this book to be really well-written and it was definitely a page-turner as all my friends had described. Unfortunately I figured out the first big twist fairly early on and I found that the subsequent twists just seemed to get more and more unrealistic as the plot progressed. Nonetheless, it was easy reading.
I, too, was disappointed by the way the book ended. I enjoyed the first two parts of the book but by the third part the story took a lot of crazy twists that just became unbelievable and simply wacky. I had anticipated seeing the movie so I finished the book pretty quickly but now I don't even care to see the movie.
Maybe just not my cup of tea. Thought it looked like a very interesting and intense ""who done it"" and in some ways it was, but in the end it boiled down to a story about a crazy bitch, a stupid man, and a horrible marriage.  Not really what I wanted to dedicate my time to reading. I'd give it 2.5 if I could.
I plodded through this book flip flopping on hating it/loving it.  I thought it was moving way too slow in the beginning and then when if finally picked up 3/4's of the way through it, total disappointment in the ending!! I even went back to see if pages were missing.  It was sort of the Soprano's finale of books!!!
The first part of the book was more captivating.  Not to spoil anything - but it seemed that the book needed to be wrapped up and an ending created.  I wasn't as thrilled with how it ended.  You did get gripped into the book from the start - and it held your attention throughout.  Good read and fairly well written.
Gone Girl, despite all the hype, actually is a well written and unique story. The marriage portrayed is fascinating and well drawn. Though I didn't like the ending, the story was a page turner. This is the kind of book that definitely is personal choice for a reader but well worth reading and deciding for yourself.
It's a nice little thriller until the last 100 pages. For a super hyped up novel, the ending is a major letdown.  Unfortunately, the initially believable people and events take on an alien tone regarding the credibility of their behavior and action at the end of the novel.  But the first 400 pages are entertaining!
I was kind of torn on how to rate this book.  I really liked the writing, in fact I had trouble putting it down.  I was totally drawn in and mesmerized.  I couldn't wait to figure out what was going on.  It was the ending that really failed in my opinion.  It was kind of a non-event.  So much build up.  Then...meh.
I ripped through this book. Looked forward to getting time back to it. Stayed up to late. Then, the ending.I often try to console myself that the ending isn't the reading experience - the enjoyment was still there in all the other chapters. But let's be real, all the build up and then - this thing goes kaput.
This book was a page turner and it had a unique plot. However, I'm not a big fan of the f word ( hey I'm a mom with little ones and a teacher). some of the story line was great while there were several chapters I only scanned through waiting to get to the end of the book. it was an interesting angle for a thriller.
I am thinking it was the writing style that made the book not as enjoyable to read as many of the others I have read.  I had heard so much about this book and finally spent the money.  I was disappointed.  The woman was certainly psychotic and he wasn't muchd better.  I actually had a hard time finishing this book.
I enjoyed the read. It was very entertaining and well crafted. Flynn doeswell as he takes the reader back and forth from one character's perspective to the other's. The suspense drives and pulls the story forward full speed! I was slighty disappointed at the end. I was expecting a little more from them both.
There are a lot of words between the reader and the story, and some of the words might prove to be a bit bumpy for some readers on their trip to the story, one vulgarity after another. Reminded me of the four years I did in the Navy. There is a story though but it left me unsatisfied. Justice was left unfulfilled.
Nicely written and unusual with the two acting voices and their different view points. The beginning was for me quite slow and difficult to get through, but I then finished the book very quickly.I didn't find it so full of suspense after the middle of the book, and was not surprised by the end of the story.
The story is fascinating in terms of twists and turns - no idea it would end as it did.  But how depressing....a dissolution of a marriage would be enough, but evil, hatred, and the author's complete inability to portray virtually any emotion without constant use of the f-bomb shows brings it down, in my opinion.
Gone Girl was a real page turner until the last 15% of the book (I read the Kindle version) - even then it was OK - just got to be a little repetitive. I was disappointed with then ending though. I had to go back and re-read the last page again to make sure that's all there was and that I hadn't missed something.
Flynn tells a most fantastic story from the two main character's points of view.  The story easy to get caught up in.  The characters provoked complicated feelings.  I liked and disliked both the protagonist and antagonist at different times during the book.  But the end was absolutely terrible!  What a let down.
Gone Girl was a difficult read for me for the first section of the book.  The rest of the book held my interest and kept me wondering, now what can happen?  Who will win?  I really did not like the ending, but understand why the book ended as it did.  It will be an interesting discussion at the book club meeting.
Starts out as a tight, intense, can't put down mystery teaser with insightful social observations and great references (Madeleine Elster - without the patronizing explanation!).Unfortunately two-thirds of the way through the story hops the track and becomes a Lifetime TV movie with a 1950's ending!  Too bad.
OMG you have to be kidding me? This has got to be the worst ending to a book.  The entire book was really good till the last chapter had me very interested and couldn't wait to see how it would twist in the end. But how the author ended this was just plain awful. I really hope they do a better job with the movie
At first I did have a little bit if a hard time getting into the book.  As it went on it got better and better, the twists made me wanting to keep reading, the ending however was horrible.  I think the reason I rated it only a 3 was purely because of the ending.  On the plus side, it did leave room for a sequel.
While a well-written piece, one does not enjoy reading about the two main characters, one despicable, the other spineless.  The defense-lawyer character very aptly described them when he said, ""You two are the most fuc*ed-up characters I have ever met, and I deal with fuc*ed-up characters all the time.
I found it really hard to put this book down but was really hoping for a different ending.  I'm disappointed that Nick was unable to give Amy her due.  Maybe she will die giving birth.  I know, that's not nice, but.  I haven't seen the movie yet, but even though I wasn't happy with the ending, I will go see it.
I got hooked and wanted to continue reading this book. One big drawback for me was the continuous use of profanity. It seemed unnecessary and actually took away form the focus of the story for me. I also felt dissatisfied with the ending on one hand, but on the other it was an unexpected (if not welcome) twist.
The book started off strong. The first half held my attention, then had a switch that kept it from being compelling as a whole. I understand that some may be intrigued by the mystery aspect of the book, but I didn't like any of these characters, especially Nick and Amy, and didn't want to spend time with them.
I thought this was very interesting but the unreliable narrator became a bit too much for me.  It takes a turn for the better but the writer makes a character so flawless in execution that it feels like she can't reveal weakness without making the rest of the book seem even more implausible than it already is.
As post-modern a cast of characters as I have forced myself to read about since Bonfire of the Vanities!  This was a very uneven read in which you have to have a very strong suspension of disbelief to finish the book.  If I had been Ms. Flynn's editor, she would have killed me instead of one of her characters!
It started out very slowly for me, but then when I got about 25% of the way through I was hooked.  Part two BLEW MY MIND and then it all went down hill from there.  Part three was slow and I hated the ending.  I'm glad I read it, because I want to see the movie and see how they compare, but I was disappointed.
This book was a real page turner but overall not as enjoyable as it should have been. The main reason for this is that I found both main characters to be beyond the realm of possibility and the ending to be highly unsuitable. To me this was a very depressing and fanciful ending. this Gone Girl is too far GONE!
So many reviews have said the same thing-you can not put this book down, but towards the end of Part 3, the book turns into a total head scratcher.  Terrible and frustrating ending.  Less cliffhanger, more confusing mess.  I actually don't want to see the movie now because my total frustration will come back.
Took me a long time to get thru this book because I really didn't like either of the characters. It was a book full of twists and turns though, so in the end I guess I liked it because I did want to see how it would end. Not sure I'd recommend this one to others -- I think everyone has already read it anyway!
This was more of a fun summer read for me. Nothing that I would recommend to anyone unless they had a lot of time on their hands. I was really excited with where the book was headed in the beginning, but about 3/4 through the book, you figure out what's going to happen at the end and just kind of wait for it.
This book had so many twists and turns! I would think it was going one way and then there was a complete shift and then another complete shift after that. It was compelling, but creepy and left me feeling a bit disturbed that anyone could be so conniving and manipulative, cold and patiently calculating. Whew!
I wanted to kill the main characters. I saw that reviewers used the word ""loathe"" and I think that's spot on. I LOATHE the characters. But I guess you have to give credit to descriptions that get your blood boiling and make you feel something. You will 100% want to throw something while reading this.
Total disappointment. The ending killed a great read. I feel cheated and I regret reading this book. I don't even know if I would read a second book if this happens to be a series. If you need a definite ending do not read this book.if you don't mind a guessing game by all means this book will suit you fine.
Not every ending should be all perfect and happy and roses all around but this book was awesome with a floppy ending. I wish Amy was caught out because much of it was unrealistic as far as her explanations when she came back. There were many people who could testify about her past and sociopath-like behavior
It's almost like Gillian Flynn either couldn't figure out how to end it after all the twists and turns or she just gave up! You could take that as a sign that the rest of the book was so good that I am this upset about the ending. But you could also say it was a frustrating read BECAUSE the rest was so good.
I was confused when I started reading the book. I realized that it was being narrated by 2 people and then it made sense. I really did expect more. The book is a great read, it just wasn't what I expected. I would have liked to see more towards the end. I do recommend it to others who like to read suspense.
Can't even begin to describe how poorly this book ended...the first 90% of this book was simply GREAT, a legitimate page-turner, impossible to put down. But all of it was undone by an utterly unbelievable and completely unsatisfactory conclusion. The ending simply doesn't work and left a really sour taste.
This book was well written and held my interest right up until the very end.  In fact, when the book was over, I kept turning pages because I thought there had to be more.  I'm giving it 3 stars just because I didn't like the way that it ended.  Up until that time - it was very suspenseful and captivating.
This is strictly my view of this book. I felt I had to read it because of all the hype. It was just the ending. It was missing something. In my opinion the ending is as important as the story being told. I felt I was somewhat left hanging. Hope the movie is better. Don't believe I've ever said that before.
Interesting story.  I liked the first half, but the second half turned so unbelievable, not sure happened with the author. But, I do have say say, the last line in the book by from husband is so classic, it may be my favorite line for a book ending ever. Definitely worth the read as a work of pure fiction.
I knew nothing about the book or the movie but I found it to be a little predictable. It did keep me turning pages, but some of that was to see if I was right about where it was going. Good yes, fantastic no. I think a lot of people have trouble with the ending but I see it as a setup for a future series.
I enjoyed this book. The characters came to life in a very convincing manner. And the ending was as complicated as it should have been for a book like this, one that could've been extremely predictable, but instead was surprising and even somewhat thought provoking.Now I need to see the movie!
I Found  this book to be a quick and easy read, it kept me guessing.  I marked it down one star because of repeated sexual content and the 'f' word which I don't appreciate or find necessary to the advancement of story or plot. But this was easily sciped over.  I am not sure that I care to.see the  movie.
I usually read everything that Entertainment Weekly recommends. Especially if they're in the bullseye. And I really had high hopes for this book. I wanted to love it. I just didn't. It was alright. The characters were alright. The crazy storyline was alright. The writing was good, but the rest....alright.
This was not my favorite book, altho I read it to the end.You've heard of the saying:  There's two sides to every story.  This book tells both sides in alternating chapters.Two disturbed individuals with apparently no hope of a solution to their mutual problem of hating each other.
It took me  two or three chapters  to tune into the ""voice"" Very Gen Y.I was then intrigued. By the end of the book I wished she had had a better editor and also ended it better.A few unbelievable ""holes"" in the plot but overall quite a good read. Bet there is a sequel coming.
I try to be restrained in my praise - I would probably rate it between three and four stars. The twist is very original, and the characters are complex. I recommend it. It is very well paced, and - like Tana French's ""Broken Harbour"" - is set against the dystopian backdrop of a collapsed economy.
I had a hard time getting into the book.  I almost put it down.  It did pick up and had a lot of surprises.  I then stuck with it.  However, I was very dissapointed in the ending.  I felt bad for Nick.  I really would have liked the ""villian"" to get their just desserts.  Also, the ending was very abrupt.
It took me awhile to read this book. For the first half of the book it just drug on and didn't captivate my attention. Once I got half way thru then I couldn't put it down and had to know what happened. But I honestly probably would not have finished this book if I hadn't heard so mAny people praise it.
Interesting. I sort of thought that she wasn't dead and she was playing him right from the start. It got a bit convoluted with all the games she played. He was a fool. Crazy wife and he has an affair! Asking for trouble. It is very scary to think someone can manipulate your life and frame you so easily.
The book got only 3 stars because the main body of the book was good enough to overcome how bad the ending was. I hope that the movie has a different ending.I feel the author reached  such a spectacular crescendo that there was no ending good enough so she totally fizzed and did nothing  Totally jibbed.
I enjoyed most of the book, but the end left me feeling very disappointed.  Unless Ms. Flynn is planning on writing a sequel, the ending was very bad and very anti-climatic.  I was going to read another of her books, but now I'm afraid of the same outcome.  I don't think I will buy anymore of her books.
I only gave this book a rating because the author, for my tastes is somewhat too explicit with her imagery and descriptive efforts.  Also the plot is extremely convoluted for my interests.  I believe the author goes overboard with the plot and it is hard to follow with her style of presenting her story.
The book is intriguing and weaves a dark tale about relationships and their nuances and how things that happened in the past affect our futures.  However, I didn't like one character in the book.  They were all damaged - some more than others - but mostly they weren't people I would spend a minute with.
The book kept me reading (I like mysteries). However,  the ending was too depressing for me and close to the end I kept wishing it would just be over.  It's a bit too easy to guess this plot and without giving it away, I was disappointed by the ending.Go read the Language of Flowers instead.
I thought this book was really well-written; the story hooked me right away. However, as the story developed, I began not to like the main characters at all. The ending was abrupt and by that point I just wanted it to end. So, overall a good read when on an airplane, but nothing to knock your socks off.
I don't know what all the hype is surrouding this book.  In my opinion, it wasn't nearly as good as the lady at the bookstore and ALL of my friends said it was going to be.  After hearing all of the hype, I thought this book was going to be GREAT; a real page turner.  I was so disappointed by this book.
I loved the book up until close to the end. I don't want to ruin the ending but the author let a great thing go with how she choose to end the book. Even if there is a sequel this served to be anti climatic. I assume the objective was for a shocking unexpected ending. But it was more shockingly stupid.
(3.5 stars if the option was given) I have mixed feelings on this one.  Well thought out initially and that helps keeps you motivated to continue reading to discover what happens in the end.  Some focus comes back at the end of the book but definitely some far fetched crazy happens prior to that point.
I found it very difficult to get into this book. After three previous tries I finally finished it. I have to say, it was a difficult read.  I hated the way the story nipped back & forth for each of their stories.  If all of  's. Flynn.s books are written in this manner km afraid I won't be reading them
I was halfway through this book and almost ready to give up when it finally got interesting, interesting enough for me to finish it. Only to be disappointed at the end with a cliff hanger. After all the twists and turns in the last half of the book, I was not happy to be left with an unfinished ending.
I like well written novels.  This is interesting and different, but very slow for me.  I am almost half way through it and I put it down for a while.  I don't do that with books that move well.  It has wonderful reviews and is a best seller, so I will plod through it later, but don't expect excitement.
I am conflicted about this novel. Though I enjoyed reading it with all the subplots, etc., I just did not like any of the characters and quite frankly, I like being able to relate, or feel empathy for a character. So though I struggled with that aspect of the novel, I did enjoy it to a certain degree.
I wanted to love it. Like I really wanted to love it. The first 3/4of the book were thrilling, and I enjoyed reading it. But the ending was flat and I was kind of let down, like you're waiting on the edge of the cliff to fall but never do. But it was quick summer reading so I guess it met its purpose.
It was a decent page turner and I appreciate that the ending wasn't a perfect little package.  I was bothered though.  I felt like the author made light of idiot parents bringing children into their messy world at the end.  This bugs me in real life though so maybe not really a big deal to everyone...
I had heard so many good things about the novel that I couldn't help myself and bought it. But I found it quite predictable, and since none of the characters were even remotely sympathetic, I couldn't really enjoy it. It was an interesting read - not like anything else I've seen, but it was only okay.
I don't usually read fiction, but as this book had been rated so highly I thought I'd give it a go.  I could have done without the bad language and vulgarisms.  The plot was very contrived and the character development suffered as a result.  I plodded my way through it, but it wasn't worth the effort.
i am not a prude, but could have done without all the foul language throughout the book. main character pretends to be dead at the hands of her husband . they are reunited and resume their relationship at some level. did not like the ending.  will probably not read any additional books by this author.
I loved all the twists and turns the writer had to offer...but the ending came up short form me. As I was reading what turned out to be the final page I was left empty. I was so confused that I went back and read the last chapter over again...I thought I might of missed something....I did...an Ending!
It was an easy read, but the characters are not likable. Eh. I read it- but I can't say I loved it. These are not people I care for so it was just ok.What happened to the story of really interesting characters you'd love to hang out with? Or at least one person in the story you sympathize with.
Nice easy fun read . I liked the way the author  wrote each chapter,  in the 1st person  taking turns with the two main charectors. I was really  interested  in these two main characters, but as the book went on ,I disliked them more and more, until finally near the end I just wanted the book to end.
predictable.  Figured out the premise and ending about a third of the way into the story, probably because I've read everything written by Agatha Christie, Conan Doyle, P.D. James, Dexter Collins, etc.  There are only so many plots one can use and they just add their own characters and circumstances!
Although some of the plot was far-fetched, I really was enjoying the book.  The end of the book was ridiculous.  I felt I was left ""hanging"" and I do not like books like this.  Hopefully the upcoming movie version will have a different ending because I feel like I wasted my time reading this.
I couldn't put the book down - the story was a real page turner with unbelievable and exciting twists and turns.  But I was so disappointed, annoyed, and frustrated when I got to the end of the story.  Very disappointed at the ending - left me feeling that there's absolutely no justice in this world.
It is worth the read, but the ending. The ending! I actually read this book b/c a girlfriend called me one day and said, ""Please read Gone Girl so that I can talk & debate with you on how it ends!"" So I did..... and I still have lots of questions I'd love to ask about the holes in the story.
Great twist in the book but then the ending was non-eventful.  I expected something very dramatic or exciting but I walked away from the book very disappointed, it just ended in limbo, no closure.  Thought I wanted to read the book prior to the movie but now I am not interested in the movie at all.
I had a real problem with this book - for a while I wasn't even sure I'd finish it.  It is suspenseful, and I wanted to find out what happened, but I really didn't like either of the two main characters.  I don't usually read all of a book about such unpleasant people, but the story did pull me in.
The second half of the book was better than the first, honestly I kept reading because the movie trailer flashed across my TV two weeks ago. I found the book annoying at times. It's basically a book about a narcissist and a sociopath, in the end neither wins, but the sociopath leaves you wondering.
I thought it was very good, with all the plot twists and turns; but was disappointed in the ending.  All that build up.....The other problem was just me and my imagination knowing that Ben Affleck is the star in the up coming movie, and I kept picturing Jennifer Garner as his wife.  NONONO!!!
Wanted to read this book because it was recommended to me by some friends, also has been on bestseller list for a long time.  But was disappointed with the story, just plodded through.  Thought it was highly implausible, and drawn out!  Not great literature, and didn't find it all that interesting.
I really liked reading this book. He first half kept me guessing and wondering who did what and who was guilty. The characters are well developed and the storyline full of twists and turns. The ending however was a complete letdown. Ugh. Someone rewrite the ending so I can get over how bad it was.
It doesn't get good until half way through. And just when you're into it, the ending, well, doesn't end, there's nothing final. It makes me think there will be a second book. I had a friend who didn't read the book text me asking how the ending turned out in the book, that's how bad the ending is.
I love the way she writes, the imagery is something I strive for in my own writing. I liked the way she went back and forth between Amy and Nick. But like many others,I had a hard time with the ending. It seemed there were a lot of loose ends, and I just wanted some form of justice, some closure..
A great read, very engrossing, but the ending was disappointing.  While it may have been trying to be thought-provoking, it just made me irritated with human nature.  Full disclosure, if I don't like the ending of a book I will pan it.  Apart from the ending of this book, it was a great, fun read.
started off slow....then I couldn't put it down!!...so intriguing....then the ending really sucked!!.....its like the author said....""I'm tired of writing this book...so I will just end it now""....I wouldn't read any more of her books unless I was really desperate for something to read....
I gave Gone Girl 3 stars mainly because I did not like the conclusion. The ending seemed very abrupt and manufactured in order to end the story. In all, the plot was interesting with a major surprise toward the middle. It did drag in a few spots. I would recommend this book with the above caveats.
Well worth the read,but very dark writer.  Have now read all of her novels and all ""dark"".  She has a very unique writing style and keeps you in suspense, but when it ends it ends.  No ""happy endings"" here.  Can see it making a great movie but would only hope the ending is better.
I really liked the book up until about 3/4 through... When you find out what is really happening I just didn't like it and then the ending/non ending really irritated me. The writing is pretty good and there were a bunch of funny lines but I thought it all happened in the first half of the book..
The book was a solid OK.  Interesting take on the media's obsession with wife murdering husbands and the wives they murder.  Worth a read but don't expect any great insights.  The author kept injecting humor in odd ways - almost like he couldn't decide if the book was a mystery or humorous or ???
it took a while for the book it get  somewhat good. i heard it was a good book so decided to get it from my public library.  it deals with real life marriages and after one hundred pages i started to understand it. still reading it is just ok for now.glad that i did not buy it for twelve dollars.
I enjoyed this book, it was a good thriller to read on a rainy day. I just don't feel it was that strong. The characters felt flat to me, very one-dimensional. The plot twists were predictable, I almost always knew what 'twist' would come next. I did think it was a fun read, just not a great one.
The first half of the book was boring. Lots of descriptive narrative but not too much happening. Since  reading some books that were boring the 1st few hundred pages before getting interesting, I kept at it. The seconf half  picked up speed.I finished the book, but I'm not into sociopathic plots
I loved that I wasn't able to put this book down.  I was going to give it 4 stars since it kept me very interested, and surprised. However, I am one who likes a reader's satisfactory ending where everyone gets what they want, so I decided to give it 3 stars. I do recommend giving it a go though.
A lot of people I know had read this book, then seen the movie. Everyone I know disliked the ending.It took me until the end of the book to really feel like I had been taken advantage of. As a reader I expected  the characters to be more intelligent...I guess not...won't see the movie now!
Gone Girl is a real thriller,  and I was never sure who to believe after each page.  It kept me on my toes and I couldn't wait to see how it would end.  Unfortunately, the ending sort of ""never"" came.  The book just fizzled out and I felt as if I was cheated because there was no closure.
Strange book. Actually gave me the creeps that two people in the marriage could be like this and that public opinion and the media could actually convict an innocent man. Some parts I felt the author was really stretching it to make his plot work...  It was entertaining but not great literature.
While this book did make me want to read until the end, it was a little too crazy for me.  Reminded me of a past relationship.  The writing was excellent, and it did hold my interest, but more because I couldn't wait to see how it would end.  I was a little disappointed at the end, I must admit.
To know both sides, and then for the book to end the way that it did...ugh.  Such a very interesting and entertaining book it was, a terrible twist at the end.  I don't know how to feel at this point. Irritated at the wasted time, or happy with the way my mind tried to help Nick fix this ordeal.
Gone Girl was good read...started very strong with interesting plot lines and dialogue.  I enjoyed the format, going between the two main characters in the first person.  It did get a little long about two-thirds through and the main characters relationship with his sister wasn't very developed.
Really??  I absolutely hated the ending. Why would she leave us hanging like that? The book overall was good. The beginning was quite confusing and it wasn't until about  a quarter of the way in the book, I actually realized what was going on, and at that point really didn't want to put it down.
I enjoyed this book until the end. And although i dont want to spoiled for you I would say....IF this book would have had another ending, I would have given it four stars. However, the ending was nothing credible to me. I just did not buy it. IT WAS REALLY A SHAME, BECAUSE I ACTUALLY ENJOYED....
It was an ok book. I didn't find it super exciting. The guys wife disappears on their 5th wedding anniversary. The rest of the book unravels the mystery of where his wife went & why. There are twists that keep you wanting to read more to find out what happens. However, it lacks real excitement.
in the beginning I read every word, but then something happened. I stopped caring about what they were thinking but loved the action. I would skip all the inner dialogue and go straight to the action.  Now this author can go either way, edit herself or self indulge. I hope she picks the former.
I read this on the recommendation of a friend.  Unfortunately, I found this book ""interesting""  but, disappointingly  predictable.  I found myself constantly guessing what would happen 20 pages before it did.  Not a very sophisticated read, more of a beach book (which I'm not a fan of).
Forced myself to keep reading this book because it was for my book club. That said, the majority of the women in my book club absolutely loved it; only 3 of us did not. The story did redeem itself in the end, however, (spoiler alert) because both main characters got what they deserved. Sort of.
Gone Girl was an enjoyable read.  I was really interested in what would happen next, so it was hard to put down at times.  While some parts of the book was a little slow paced, the end seemed to go too fast.  I think that a little morewas needed to make the end better and more believable.
It's a good concept, but the characters are more caricatures,  especially the law enforcement agents.  Dialogue is often stilted or forced to the point of distraction.  Still, it was enough of a diversion for me on two international flights to have it finished within 24 hours of the start.  :)
The writing is excellent, the story is compelling and the characters are drawn with so much depth and detail that they feel like flesh and blood.  Only they feel like narcissistic, sociopathic, creepy flesh and blood.  There is nothing to learn from these people, except the need to avoid them.
Without giving any hints as to what happens during the book, I found the storyline to be very interesting in terms of the sequence events.  I found the characters to be losers, heartless and just plain mean.  People who are interested in retribution would enjoy this book but it was not for me.
Among the abundance of multi-layered literary suspense novels that flood the market today, the trick to success, it seems to me, is to not only be clever with the plot but to develop characters that supplement the expressed ingenuity and then build a tale that enhances both. This work by Gillian Flynn, an apparent noted suspense writer, starts out with a variegated story with suspenseful turns and a unique presentation from both a missing wife and a suspicious husband perspective and for two-thirds of the book this approach seems to work in a meaningful and positive way...most readers, I'm sure, will find the themes and characters here relatable and the work satisfying.We are introduced to our husband and wife team, Nick and Amy, seemingly happy together until Amy goes missing under suspicious and apparently violent circumstances. Continuing with this he said/she said perspective, we find that not all is as well in paradise as we're initially led to believe. Onerous nuances are supplemented by significant plot turns that, at this point, make the pages fly by.Suddenly though, the story seems to descend into an abstract, mind changing and character altering mess making the last third impossibly implausible. Characters seem to be floating rapidly from one end of the emotional spectrum to the other with no means or explanation and the whole foundation of the story falls apart at its most important point.It's a shame really because it's evident that Flynn possesses talent in this medium and, armed with a competent story to tell, would surely pull off a sensational work. This work is not it, however. My impression of this book is that she struggled for a poignant ending and could come up with nothing so meandered for a hundred pages or so...her protagonists at the beginning absolutely do not match those at the end.Certainly a talented mystery/suspense writer, I'm given to try other works by Gillian Flynn just for completeness...'Gone Girl' unfortunately is not that `complete' work
It was really interesting and I loved all the twists and turns. I predicted a few things but not all--and certainly not that ending! To say it surprised me would be a massive understatement. I love it until the end and it changed my entire view of the book. Not really my cup of tea I suppose.
This book was OK, but not a page-turner until the end. The author's writing from the perspective of a young married man and woman was an interesting facet of the book and I was always trying to match up the time and place. I heard that the book was a twister at the end and it is...unexpected.
Back and forth chapters between husband and wife.  Facts left out until later to hold interest.  Book somewhat too long.  Strange ending after spending time reading 400+ pages.  Glad I borrowed it from library and didn't spend money on it.  I don't understand all the hoopla about it honestly.
Its a very quick read and is somewhat interesting. I would say definitely not a book to read if you want something thought provoking but if you want a quick book then it works. Overall it seemed like the author all of a sudden wanted to end the book and just through together a sloppy ending.
THIS BOOK WAS THE MOST DEPRESSING I HAVE EVER READ.  THE WRITING  IS BRILLIANT.  BUT TO ME THIS STORY WAS NOT AN  ENJOYABLE READ.  I JUST ASSUMED (MISTAKE) IT WAS A MYSTERY ABOUT  HUSBAND KILLING WIFE,  OR  DID  HE?  HOWEVER IT WAS ABOUT TWO REALLY SICK TWISTED PEOPLE.  REALLY DEPRESSING....
Interesting plot but somewhat repetitive and drawn-out.  The author reveals dark personalities that can co-exist within seemingly ""normal"" people.  Relationships are shown to actually feed-off the good, as well as the bad in each person, enduring in spite of the characters' psychoses
I tried the sample first and was really hooked ..... and for 3/4 of the book I could hardly wait to get back to it.  The storyline is unique .... but it dragged on at the end and then I got sceptical.  The book should have been tied up and finished earlier: it started to become unbelievable.
I had a tough time getting in to this book.  The first half of the book was tedious to say the least.  However, friends assured me it was worth continuing on.  They were right, once I got to a pivotal point in the plot I was hooked!  The twists and turns in the plot made it hard to put down.
I enjoyed the voice of both characters, especially the twist about halfway through. However, I was left cold and let down at the end of the book. There was so much more the author could have done to finish it off with a zing and leave me feeling satisfied.  The characters were rich and real.
I'll try not to give much away. I couldn't put the book down--for 95% of the book, I was totally engulfed.As soon as I got to the end, I wanted to bash my kindle with a hammer.Thankfully it's not $16176283. I recommend it but you've been warned.Good luck.
Starts out slow, but picks up, stick with it.  In fact the plot twists quickly, so hang on.  It's an interesting book in that you're never sure who is the protagonist / antagonist, both main characters are unlikable.  It reads pretty quickly, so it not a huge investment in a just okay book.
I loved this book until the last few chapters! I don't usually review books, but I can't believe how Gone Girl ended. Did the author run out of time? Ideas? ANY other ending, I would have gave it more stars. I just don't understand how a book can start off so, so good, & end so terribly....
Good book, but the amount of vulgar language distracted from the story.  I usually feel that overuse of words indicates a lack of a range of vocabulary, but in this case, that doesn't seem to be the point.  It just seemed not to be necessary. I would have enjoyed the book without all of it.
I wanted this book to be great but found it was a literary bell curve. Slow start, terrible ending but the middle was good. Gripping at times, well thought out at parts but REALLY wanted the author to have an exciting clever way to wrap it all up. Unfinished ending left me so disappointed.
I was captivated by both the story line and the cleverly written and thought out delivery of the first two thirds of the book. The last third was difficult to get through. It just wasn't believable, nor was it cleverly written, leaving me confused....was it even written by the same person?
I chose this book because the movie with Ben Affleck will be coming out soon.  The book was slow to build and somewhat frustrating to read due to the pace of the story.  Also I did not like how the characters ended up in the story. However overall it is still a book that I would recommend.
Not my favorite Gillian Flynn novel, more like my third favorite. I feel like there was no ""grip"" from this boom, unlike the other two that kept me totally enthralled. Good writing, ok premise, but still left me wanting more from each character. I love Flynn's writing, just not this story.
I really liked this book until the last few chapters. I don't want to give anything away, so I'll only say that I thought what happened was very implausible. The main character made a decision that I really couldn't see anyone making, given the situation, so that kind of spoiled it for me.
Wow, good book but what a disappointing ending! All of a sudden there I was and it was the last page and there I was thinking there HAD  to be a better ending. I will be interested to see the movie and see if it leaves you dangling. If it had a better ending I would have given it 5 stars.
I liked this book, and also liked the movie.  I would probably give it 5 stars except the one downside was all of the profanity/swear words in this book, for me personally it was a bit much.  The story line is really good though, a cool way to write a book with two different perspectives.
While this book is good and somewhat of a page turner, the hoopla surrounding it is really exaggerated. I mean if you watch law & order and countless episodes of Criminal Minds you can figure this plot out. Want something trickier? A good old Agatha Christie will really keep you guessing.
The first half of the book was slow.  Alternate chapter of his vs her points of view.  The last half was exciting and very clever The end seemed like the publisher had given her a deadline that would not be moved so she had to wrap it up quickly.  Gone was the clever and creative writing!
They story was interesting and I enjoyed the narration by the two alternating speakers. However the reading experience was spoiled for me by the incessant use of the f word which was not only offensive but also tiresome and annoying. Enough already--get a dictionary--pick a few new words!
Read this for my book club. First few chapers where very thrilling. But the last 2 felt like author got tired of the characters and some how wanted to finish the book off. Just as mentioned in previous reviews, key evidences that cops can use to get the girl caught was not even mentioned.
Clearly a well written and popular book that was even made into a movie. I know I am in the minority about this but after all is said and done the story is just so unbelievable that I was personally disappointed. Too many loopholes and very unlikely events that strain credibility for me.
I saw the movie before I read the book.  The movie is good:  Pike's performance is outstanding; Affleck's performance is really good.  The book is a great idea. The writing is not compelling.  The book is slow.  But for the movie, I would never have made it past the first 50 pages or so.
A pretty solid book with a top 5 worst ending of all time.  That pretty much sums it up, there is not much more to say.  This is a good, solid, quick read paperback thriller that starts strong and slowly fizzles out.  The ending is absolutely terrible and as anti-climatic as you can get.
For the unusual twists & turns in the story I would have rated this book 5 stars. For the filthy degrading language the author used I would rate it 0 stars. Good strong characters. Compelling story ruined by trashy language. Very disappointed. Would recommend reading this book to anyone.
This is a very slow moving book.  I couldn't stay awake.  A friend stated it really became interesting about half way thru.  I'm over half way and still am not very thrilled about it.  We are reading it for my book club, if it wasn't for the meeting I wouldn't waste my time to finish it.
I enjoyed the basic plot of the story and would have liked it much better without the ""f"" word every other word. The underlying plot was the only thing that kept me going. I am 75 and really prefer the old fashioned type of stories written without all this new accepted language!!
I enjoyed this book and read it fast,then came the end, what a let down!!A good book that went south fast. A horrible ending!  would have otherwise said , it's a good read. But the ending was so bad, I would not reccomend this book.  If you can read it for free, ok. Otherwise, forget it.
Love and hate type of book; well written, but strange overall; reviews and sales had been so good, I was anxious to get my hands on the book;  thinking it would be a 2-3 day read, it turnd out as a 2 week read;  missed pulling me into the characters or the overall plot. HATED THE Ending.
The writing was good - very talented writer, but I could not finish this book because I really disliked both of the main characters. I could not care less what happened to them because they were both terrible people. I heard the movie was worth seeing, but I couldn't bring myself to go!
Started really slow. I had to contact a friend to let her know I wasn't sure what all the fuss was about. She said stick in there. It gets a lot better. It did get much better. I found the third quarter of the book was interesting but I did not love the firs, second, or fourth quarters.
Once Amy reveals she is alive, the book goes down hill.  Up to that point, it was brilliant.  Great psychological thriller with the competing chapters and competing memories.  It was good up until Amy called Desi; then it really strained credulity.  It should have ended with her return.
A slow starter but picks up about 40% in (kindle percentage) with a few shockers along the way.  The ending is a real letdown.  David Fincher will make this into a good film and I believe he will handle the ending in a way that will have you leaving the theatre with some crazy thoughts.
I enjoyed the book for about 3/5ths the way through but after a point, the characters felt stagnant and the ending was such a flop! I felt like the whole book had a good pace and then in the last chapter it just went into hyperspeed for the sake of ending the book. Pretty disappointing.
I was annoyed that I was not able to walk away from this miserable story. Neither of the protagonists is in the least bit likeable  nor sympathetic.  Nevertheless the narrative is so carefully wound with sudden twists that I had to keep on reading.  Maybe it is meant to be satirical....
The author does a good job of pulling the reader in to the story. At first I was quite interested but soon disliked the turn the story was taking. I did finish the book as I was curious as to how it would end. I would like to reader another of the authors books as she is a good writer.
Very well written.  It definitely held my attention.  However, I am one of the readers who absolutely hates the ending.  I cannot accept that someone can behave so badly and not have to pay the consequences.  It still bothers me.  If that was the author's intention, she was successful.
This story was very well-written. I really appreciated how it was written from the perspective of the husband and wife, however, once you got to Part II, the plot twists became hard to follow/believe.The ending was completely unrealistic and frankly, a little disappointing.
I finally decided to purchase the book. I couldn't put it down. I loved it. The ending - hated it. I couldn't believe it ended like that. I think the last chapters took a turn for the worse... I don't know if she didn't know what else to write or what... it was horrible, in my opinion.
I really enjoyed the first part of this book and it had me totally engaged, but ultimately I felt the ending was very strange and it seemed to me like something fell apart there.  I can't explain it in particular, but I think had the ending been different, this would have been 4 stars.
The book was a page turner from the beginning.  I rated a 3 star because I was disappointed with the ending.  Given that the start was so great I didn't expect the twisted turn it ended with.  If I had read all the others reviews prior to purchasing the book I might not have bought it.
Just when you think you've figured out a character something happens to make you doubt your assessment.  Lots of back and forth with each main character telling their side.  It keeps you turning the pages but becomes tedious at the end.  The actual ending is so abrupt and unsatisfying.
I see a lot of great reviews for this book, and while it kept me interested til the end and I finished it, I wasn't as impressed with the book as a lot of people apparently are. I didn't like the way it ended at all. But, it has some twists and turns which always make for a nice read.
SPOILER ALERT INSIDE:The book starts off a little slow for my liking.  It then starts getting interesting and then BAM the end SUCKS!  Not what I was expecting as an ending.  I was very disappointed.  However, I am interested to see how the movie is after reading the book.
Interesting premise, nice twists, and a disappointing ending.  Have to give the author credit for creating an entire book of characters who are all dislikable.  The book held my interest throughout, but it seemed like the author got tired and just wrapped it up in an unsatisfying way.
I stopped reading the book about 40% and started (and finished) another book [A different Blue] before I came back to Gone Girl. If it weren't for all of the hype this book was getting I probably would not have picked it back up. I'm glad I did because the second half kept me engaged.
The story was good, picked up in the last half. But the plot was fairly obvious within the first 100 pages. The book was leading you to a big twist. Amy's journal in the first 100 days was bad teen love story fake. Overall a quick read with some human elements decent to pass the time.
Wife gave it a three  I started it but it is kind of slow reading compared to some of the other novels I have read this year.  I read about 25% - hopefully it will pick up the pace.  If not I probably will not complete it.  But again wife said it was OK and gave it a three star review
The noble is well-written with strong character development, but the predictable-unpredictability became frustrating.  This is especially evident at the books conclusion when each page turn is a change in course.  I was left not rooting for a particular outcome but rather any outcome.
Not for someone looking for a peaceful heart!! The story is great, the characters fascinating but the psychological tension makes me wish I had chosen something else for my exploration read! Still, gives me something trendy to talk about. So if you want something trendy, check it out.
Going through the tedious diary entries and finally getting into the plot took a while. When I got to the ending, I was shocked. What a dissappointment. Not very realistic -- the story or the ending. This is the first book I've read by this author. Don't think I'll be reading another.
Good writing and engaging story started this book off with promise, and the reviews certainly gave this book a boost. I was disappointed. It degenerated into Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf in the second half, by which time I was done with the characters and ceased to care about them.
I had a hard time at first because I didn't like either character in the book. However, the story line kept me intrigued and I was very glad I finished. It really picked up pace in the last half and I just couldn't put it down. Very bizarre which is what kept me extremely interested.
This is a book that didn't know if it was a romatic novel, a crime novel, or what! But I kept reading- because the other reviews were so good. And yes, about 1/2 way through-it got interesting. But what a disappointing ending-not believable! This author could have done better. Blech.
The story was fascinating, full of twists and turns which kept me over the age and wanting some more. I found myself not able to put the book down. However, the final left me wondering. I have to say that the ending was a let down. It makes me wonder if there's going to be a sequel.
Started out as an ""A"" in my opinion but ended horribly as a ""C"".  The ending was just terrible. She could have put more thought into it to make it a better ""Gotcha"" ending.  Good writing in the beginning. I had it figured out by chapter 3 but it soon fizzled.
I was keen to read this New York Times best seller, and finally downloaded it from Amazon. It started well but towards the end the author does not seem to have the heart to make it a crime thriller. The writing just meanders and at the end the reader is left wondering what happened.
This was a fast read, but I thought the plot was boring and predictable.  The main characters internal dialogue was annoying and distracting. Several of my friends loved this book but I wish I wouldn't have purchased it full price. I might recommend it if you get it on a daily deal.
This book was right up my alley, I couldn't put it down... until the end.  What a complete and utter LETDOWN!!!  I desperately hope Miss Flynn's other novels don't leave such a disappointing open end.  If I discover they do, this will be the last Flynn novel I read.  What a bummer!!
Book dragged on a bit and I began not to give a hoot about any of the characters after about half-way through, but hey, I'm no quitter. Over-rated and I have decided to wait for the film on Netflix because I suspect the honesty of the reviews regarding the movie are about the same.
Thought book was kind of predictable.  Interesting parts were when Amy explained how devious &  evil she was.  You don't expect anyone to be that  conniving.  Amy was a miserable individual. She had a grand plan to  make Nick & her parents miserable. Not a good ending to this book.
It was an ok book.  It was certainly suspenseful, and the author toyed with the thought processes of the reader.  But the conclusion did not feel realistic to me.  Maybe the author didn't intend for it to feel realistic.  Again, it was an ok read but I wasn't wild about the ending.
This book was totally awesome then the end just kinda leaves you hanging! No closure at all! Very, very anticlimactic! Very let down to say the least. I went back several times and reread the last few paragraphs thinking I had missed something but no that was just it, It was done!!
I enjoyed reading it but had a queasy feeling in my stomach all the way through it. It's very well-written and suspenseful, but too clever by half. Characters are interesting but unappealing and ultimately not sympathetic. Ultimately the cleverness seems to overwhelm the narrative.
I felt the story was very fresh.  Author could have concluded the story less abruptly. I was a little disappointed which took away a star. I also felt the ""acts"" that Amy did with desi could have been meatier. This caused another star to go. But all in all, a very good read
It was a pretty good book till the ending.  The ending was just terrible and ruined the whole book for me.  Both main characters were so self absorbed that I was not able to feel much empathy for either. If I had to choose again this is one book that I would have left on the shelf.
I started reading this book because everyone raved about it, but it took me a while to get into the book. I'm not sure I liked the way it ended and did not like the route it took. Skeptic party of 1 I know, but I admit about half way through I had to find out what the heck happens.
I purchased this book because it was a book club choice book.  I thought the book was gripping enough to keep turning the page but thought the two characters in this book were aweful people. I HATED the ending of this book and I am not sure I would reccomend this to anyone to read.
I was amazed that someone could be so self absorbed and vindictive that they could systematically plot a crime so detailed as was told in this story and have so much control over another persons' whole being.  It was a pretty good read, however, the ending fell flat in my opinion.
Suffice it to say that although well written  and thought provoking  I was actually upset and dusgusted with the lame and not to be believed dumb ending including the sister's reaction to Nick's decision to stay with his psycho wife so I will never buy another book by this author.
The double perspective point of view just didn't ring true. The male perspective seemed tainted by a woman's negative impressions of men.  I could not stop reading that into Nick's point of view.  However, Gone Girl is extremely readable and I enjoyed the process of turning pages.
The writing here is good, but the story -- it's like a train wreck. You want to look away, but you can't. Finishing this book left me a little depressed and gloomy. Again, the writing is amazing, but the story left me wishing the writer had given her readers someone to cheer for.
The suspense and the story are good.  It has some fun twists and you really do want to know what is going to happen next.  But I found myself skimming over a lot of it after the first half.  I felt there was a lot of unnecessary description, once we had understood our characters.
I would have given this 4, maybe even 5 stars. But the ending is absolutely horrible. It not only made me angry, it completely didn't satisfy all of the emotion that the book made you feel up until that point. I hope the movie is better but not sure I'll pay to go and see it now.
Interesting premises, the back and forth of positions, but it became tedious after awhile.  At first, I was supporting the one, then the other, but soon I didn't care about either one of them.  They were both losers and deserved each other which I guess was the point of the book.
I disliked both main characters (I think I was supposed to), but I had to admire the author's subtle way of presenting a really dangerous type of psychopathic personality which made me continue to read the book to the end.  I suppose that is a compliment for the author's writing.
I was really swayed by outstanding reviews. i patiently read each chapter waiting for it to pick up the pace. There were some surprises and predictable twists. Not worth $13 wait for it to get cheaper it's even worth waiting until you can get it at the library or used book store.
Loved the book, story had me hooked from the beginning....absolutely hated the lame-ass ending, tho. Would've preferred a cheesy drive off a cliff, Thelma and Louise style-ending to ""well I just had to get the last word...""  never saw the movie, maybe that had a better ending...
Generally, it was a good read.  At the end I felt that I had rarely come across a more despicable, scheming, malicious character than Amy.  What a twisted personality.  I didn't see how such malice came from two parents who patently loved their daughter and did the best for her.
Everybody was raving about this book.  It was well written but it was hard for me to get into.  The middle kind of dragged.  The book took on a very tense tone near the end and I couldn't put it down.  The ending left me totally flat - very disappointing with all the build-up.
Started off enthralling. Some great twists and turns, the ending got a bit mustache-twirling for my tastes but it was def evocative. I love the Fincher film, the only reason I read the novel pre-release. Women with power fantasies will rate 5/5. Some very good writing was shown.
When I started reading this book, I thought the chapter by chapter character switch would flow like pulling taffy - that tug and pull that keeps you engaged.  Instead the effect created a choppy, disjointed read that was pretty by the book predictable.  I didn't enjoy this book.
Not a book I would normally read and it took a bit to get into, I am not one to stop reading a book because I think it is going to be no good so I always persevere and it was an entertaining read with a twist at the end, quite enjoyable and a change to read something different.
I was very engaged during the first half of the book and the relationship of Nick and Amy, though toxic, was believable. I became increasingly less enthusiastic as Amy's elaborate plans went unchallenged in any meaningful way. The story went from realistic fiction to tall tale.
Flynn writes well, defining characters and creating a very good plot that keeps you wondering what comes next. No to crazy about the ending; see if you like it, you'll have a good time on the road. I'm going to try her first book next. She's definitely worth looking at further.
I could not put the book down but it was a downer from the begining. Not enough light areas. Did not like the ending buttruly understood it. I think I would have finished it differently. I will try another book by this arthur, but only onemore. Not a feel good book.
If this book was the first book I had read by this author I would never have read another book by her. She does explore a topic, unsatisfied marriage, in a very unique way and does it with genius. The book fails in the end and leaves you wanting more, perhaps that is the point.
This was definitely an easy read but it really lacked for me. It was slow to begin with and sorta picked up in the second half. I felt like she just left us hanging at the end, no resolve with any of the characters. Not my choice of books, but wasn't terrible for light reading.
Interesting theory on what some people consider the perfect love. Amy is the perfect sociopath. Never really understanding how wrong she is.  Love the back and forth narration between husband and wife. Would recommend this to anyone interested in crazy twists and turns reading.
Devilishly good plot but left me wanting more of an ending. Disturbing on so many levels. Destroyed my thoughts on humanity, judicial systems, etc. however, oddly very true to some of the crimes we see today. Makes u wonder. Read my full review on www.nonhuggerlol.blogspot.com
I can't give it 5 stars because the ending is SO UNREALISTIC its annoying.  Without giving too much away - I just didn't think the way the characters were built up - that they would behave that way.  I'm sorry... but the bad guy has to go down or get away with it - not this...
I really enjoyed the story. Very creative, attention grabbing, well organized. HATED the ending! Like an unresolved argument, it is hard to put the book down and say it's finished. No satisfaction. No justice, no consequence. Like the author ran out of ideas. Very frustrating.
The ending really ruined the book for me. That's really all I have to say. I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to take from these characters other than she's a full on psycho and he's about as wimpy as a person can get. Absolutely no growth at all for the two. Disappointing
The book is quite hard to put down because you have a great desire to see how Flynn will end her clever tale. Sadly, much of the writing, especially in the second half, borders on the pedestrian. One can only hope that she did not write the screenplay for the film adaptation.
I bought the book because of all the hype about the movie. It was okay, not great. I was able to walk away from it for a day or two - it was not like I couldn't put the book down. Was not happy with the ending at all. I like my endings clear cut, not HBO Soprano type ending.
This was a very sick book but I could not quit reading it. I wanted to see how it ended.  I read reviews saying it had a bad ending.  It's not worth wasting time on. I hate to think there are actually people like that or even someone who could make up such screwed up people.
This is the first book I have read by this author.  I liked the writing style--tight, good images, kept me turning the pages.  However at the end I felt as if I had been conned.  This is not a story I will remember.  I was disappointed and felt the author is capable of more.
The writing is fine and the structure works.  What didn't work for me - the characters.  When I read fiction I want at least one character that I would want to spent more time with - even an evil one.  None of the people in this book are interesting enough to meet for lunch.
This book started out slow, then began to pick up about halfway through.  It kept my interest from that point on, but ended a bit abruptly and without a really good ending.  Did not like it as much as I had hoped based on the reviews I had read about it before purchasing it.
The novel was pretty intense and quite intricate. Having never dealt with a sociopath I cannot speak to how authentic Amy's actions are. I felt the ending was rather anti-clamatic. I'm glad I read it with the hype about it but would not put it at the top of my reading list.
This could have, should have, been a really good book, and for the first half, at least, it was.  Unfortunately, instead of pursuing one of many potentially juicy story lines, Flynn flew off in all directions, leaving the reader with nothing but a mess to ponder at the end.
I enjoyed reading this book for the ever changing plot that kept my interest. The story line was very creative and well described by the author. I did find ther overuse of the ""F"" word a bit overdone and could have been just as interesting with less descriptive curse words.
The book bounced around at first and was a little hard to follow but once I put it together (about mid way thru) the story line was great and I was hooked.  But the way it ended was just stupid and left me wondering........actually it made me mad.  But it was a good read...
I was extremely disappointed with the ending of this book. It was one of the most ridiculous endings I have seen in a while. The sad part is that she had a good plot going on and it draws you in and keeps you interested. The ending just made the book a total bummer for me!!
This book was so good at first, couldn't put it down.......and then the worst ending ever happens and i wanted to say why did i bother.  He story doesn't match the ending. It's almost like the author couldn't come up with an ending and just stopped writing. So disappointed!
The ending was very disapointing. I was looking forward to justice being served instead it is a true definition of a love hate relationship. It puts into questions whether marriage is a healthy institution or a prison, especially when it seems that neither love each other.
Very talented author, but I didn't care for the characters, the sequence, or the story itself. And the ending? I had to page back 2x to be sure I hadn't missed something. I didn't. It just ended. With very little resolution. Too bad, because she truly is a talented author.
I think it was rather slow in the beginning and hard to get into the book.  But I do have to say, one quarter into the book it got better and I did enjoy it .  Not sure how the movie is going to be compared to the book, but I hope they make it move faster and entertaining.
I don't know what to say about this book. It was ok. There were a lot of things that I saw coming, but there were too many that I didn't to say that the book was predictable. I am very interested to see how this book plays out as a movie though. Good for a read on a plane.
it took me 40% of the reading to really start to be very interested about this book. I was almost about to give up, but I wanted to see the end of it and that was really disappointing. I don't want to go in to detail, but it is not my type of book. I wouldn't recommend it.
I really wanted something more in the ending. I wanted her dead or locked away in a room. In real life there are too many unjust situations. When I take the time to read a book, I don't want to be left hanging, I want closure. It's just left me aggravated and unsatisfied.
With all the hype, I thought this would be the novel of the decade.  While it is well-written, and there sure are plot twists, I was left wanting something more in the end.  Maybe that's the curse of a really good mystery - making sure the ending be as good as the middle.
Interesting storyline. Good plot , but lacking believability. Would make a good movie. Started off well written and gripping and then it was as though the author was rushing through to finish it and throwing in ideas as she went along. Would not read another of her books.
It just wasn't the type of book I usually read, I gave it to a friend and she is enjoying it. I think it was the style of writing - not the subject. Several of my friends enjoyed it and encouraged me to purchase it. But in the end, I couln't get past the first half of it.
I was really interested in the beginning, then it took a sharp turn down. I mean really I'm supposed to believe that she was smart enough to mastermind the whole setup and yet let two hicks swindle her????? Not believable to me.  Ending was too ""out there."" sorry.
This book hit the best seller list in June and is still on it seven months later. I am not sure why. I personally did not like the format story  style of the book. The story is unique but it didn't capture me. I had no empathy for the characters. I found them unappealing.
The book kept my interest all the way through and the story line was intriging, but the ending was a total disappointment.  All of my friends agreed with me.  I was going to order all of the author's other books as I was reading, but changed my mind because of the ending.
Like the different style of writing by this author. Could follow the conflicting feelings by both people they seemed like real people. I had trouble with the ending  maybe I didn't understand what author intended.  Nobody could live with the stress he was going to endure
I really tried to get into this story, and couldn't .. So I sent the book to my sister so she could read it and tell me about the book...The print was very small as well and that did not help either...I heard it was a good book, but everyone has an opinion...
It's a compelling story and obviously very popular.  I found the circumstances around Desi""s rescue and imprisonment to be too convenient.  I was buying into the story by then but I was unable too sustain suspending disbelief when he also is revealed as a psychopath.
I can not begin to express how awesome this book was.  The end did disappoint a little bit, but the plot twists are amazing. It was a great read.  Very filled with action and a page turner. Great book will totally recommend it for people looking for an entertaining read.
Gone GirlThis was an interesting book even though the subject matter was somewhat dark.  I hope I never meet anyone like the main character in real life.  If I had been her husband, I would have gotten away from that woman and found a new country to leive in.
I read this book for a book club I belong to. It was written very well, and was surprising to the end. Unfortunately I hated every minute of it. I found the characters so unlikable that I really did not care what happened to any of them.  My final thought -Good Riddance!
The first 90% of the book was completely amazing. (Great characters, interesting story, twists and turns) The last 10% of the book was a total disappointment. I felt like the author just gave up on the story. I would have given it a 5 star rating if it ended differently.
Entertaining read, but a bit over the top.  This may be one of the only books I've read where the movie is better than the book.  I didn't like how the author would occasionally throw in sophisticated words that didn't seem to fit the style of the book or the narrators.
The beginning and middle of the book were well developed.  In the end, the author seemed to rush the wrap up.  In doing so, the characters lost the believably factor.  What began as good fiction, ended poorly.  Good fiction must remain believeable from beginning to end.
The book was captivating until the end, which was very anti-climatic.  It's like the author just ran out of interest in her own story and then decided to just end it.  I was kept guessing until the last chapter...all sorts of scenarios.....and then, thud....it was over.
The premise was interesting, but I hated the characters. Also, all the cops/investigators were all made to look like idiots. Not very likely that they would accept certain character's far-fetched story in the end (can't elaborate w/o spoilers). Hope the movie is better.
I read a lot of novels...usually they trap me and I can't stop reading or...they don't...this one didn't...perhaps reading a little bit more it will, but first 5 or 6 ""chapters"" are boring, specially her diary entries...I guess I'll keep it reading at some point
Couldn't put it down, but such an awful tale, told in such realistically depressing detail.  Can only hope for the authors sake there are not autobiographical elements.  I offer the three stars for the compelling story, but hold two back because I wish I hadn't read it.
The book really kept my interest and became hard to put down.  The plot twisted and turned and kept you wondering what was going to happen next.  I was really enjoying the book until the end.  The ending left me frustrated and annoyed and spoiled the whole story for me.
It was very good for about 3/4 of the way through i,t but got a little disappointing toward the end. I was not sure how Amy and Nick's many problems were solved so I was not pleased with the final ending. However, the characters (for the most part) were described well.
I did not like this book at all for the first 200 pages...then once the back and forth chapters told us what was really happening, it was interesting...I did not like the ending at all but it probably had no better way to end the whole fiasco.  The movie was no better.
This book held my interest and I could not wait to read what would happen next.  However, the characters are outrageously complex and unrealistic.  If you want a good, light read and can suspend ""normal"" expectations of human behavior, you will enjoy this book.
I was really enjoying the book until the end.  I was looking for more pages to read, it just sort of stopped.  I read it because they were filming the movie close to where I live and wanted to read the book before I went to see the movie, but think I'll just stay home.
I would recommend this book to those who like suspense and murder novels. I admit hit wraps you up into its ever weaving plot so much you can't put down the book. For me, I don't personally like suspense or murder novels but I guess this one was ""light enough"".
I was totally into this book until about 90% into it.  I was so disappointed with the ending that I just stared at the page.  I wonder why the author wrote such an interesting story and then didn't bother to come up with a well written ending.  Planning a sequel maybe?
I found this book to be gripping, but at the end, I felt like reading it wasn't a good use of my time.  No one in the book is very likable, and some of the characters are loathe some.  For me, it was just okay, easy and fun to read, but I took nothing away at the end.
The first half of the book was a little slow, setting background and there was a lot of jumping back and forth to the past and present day. Once I got smack dab in the middle of the book it was REALLY good. The book took a turn for some really good, thrilling reading.
I am not a person that usually writes reviews but I was so unsatisfied by the ending of this book I just had to warn others!  I was very intrigued by the first half of the book, the second half was pretty good, but I feel downright cheated by the very end of the book.
reminds me of a movie with michael douglas and kathleen turner . he is a detective, ithink, and she is suspected of murder.it is open-ended. there is a weapon under the bed or pillow, so you don't know if she will love him or kill him. quite a devious character.
I gave this book only three stars because I didn't like the characters, foul language or the ending. Yet I will admit that I couldn't put the book down. I had to see how it ended. I am glad that I read this psychological thriller and look forward to seeing the movie.
Love the author's ""easy read"" writing style. You're not reaching for the dictionary every other paragraph. Overall the story was suspenseful and clever. Towards the end it seemed to drag on  and the ending fell flat. Not what I expected but overall an enjoyable read.
I thought this book was pretty good...there were a lot of twists and turns that kept me interested but I was definitely disappointed by the ending.  Can't say too much without giving it away but when it was over I thought, That's it?!  I guess I was looking for more.
Lovely, fluid writing style, but, honesly I thought the last half of the book was boring. The long, drawn out escapade became like a screaming baby in the middle of the night. Nothing satisfies it, so you just let it scream.  Made me tired, and hate life in general.
The book is a can't put down, even the ending. I found the ending to be disappointing. The book was well written and fast moving but, for me, the ending was unbelievable, wish it had ended differently, it was a let down for me.. if there is a sequel I won't read it.
was really enjoying the story and the way it was written, even telling friends it was a great read...........until the last few chapters.  now I feel I may have led some people astray.  I don't understand the author's need to make both characters mentally unstable!!
I read this book with my book club.We all loved the beginning but quickly became disappointed when the plot and characters took a turn towards the ridiculous.I am glad I read it though because there was tremendous buzz about this book and I would still be wondering!
The book is definitely original down to the way it was written and the story line. Once I got into the book I was hooked because I wanted to see what would happen. However, I did not like either of the characters in the book, so I felt like I had no one to root for.
I read this because of the hype and the hype kept me going over the slow beginning.  The twists and turns kept me reading well past bedtime. The story was a bit too far fetched for me, however.  And I wasn't totally satisfied at the ending.  But overall, I liked it.
The reason I give this book a 3  is because of the ending!  There was so much suspense that no one woul ever believe the way it ended. If you like weird suspense endings , this is the book for you  I think all of the characters were aLittle off in the head!!!
This book is divided into 3 parts. I thought part one was really good but I kept thinking 'how can she be so stupid!'  Part two was Amazing and I kept thinking ' wow, she is brilliant!'  Then part three started and ended and I thought, 'that is the dumbest ending!'
It took a while (about 100 pages) to get into this book. Liked the back and forth between the main characters but hated ending. I didn't feel that it was resolved at the end. I am glad I got this book through the library because I definitely wouldn't buy this book.
Extremely well written book about very disturbed people. I will not re-read this book, and I'm unlikely to see the movie. I don't want to be inside the minds of such disturbed people. Especially when they are not caught & captured,  but free to continue to do harm.
I had been dying to read this book for several months and it came up short for me. It started off exciting with some twists and turns then things got very predictable. Was not a huge fan of how the story developed and turned out, not one of my favorites from Flynn.
I'm not a mystery reader but enjoy a well constructed book.  I enjoyed the first half of the this book but the second half was not as engrossing, as if the author got tired of the characters and just wanted to end the book.  There's potential that went unfulfilled.
This is a good book.  It keeps your interest and keeps you guessing.  Just when you think you know where it's going, it changes.  I did enjoy it - all the way up until the end.  I am not a fan of how it ends but I would still recommend this book to mystery lovers.
really interesting book although when I got to the end I thought it was missing a last chapter as I read it on kindle and it only went to 97%. I didn't expect the ending to be open ended the way it was. I quickly jumped online to confirm that was indeed the ending
It started so slow I nearly gave up, but about midway through I could hardly put it down.  I am anxious to see the movie.I only gave it three stars because of the long and slow start.  I think a book must be interesting from the beginning to rate five stars.
Well written, twisty story that had me losing bets on my predictions.  The ending is just too strange and flawed and leaves this reader worried about the characters  ... I am left hoping that there will not be a sequel to this story because it just can't end well!
Usually I am able to predict upcoming twist, but I wasn't able to do so often in this book. I enjoyed this book and the twist & turns are clever. I wouldn't say this is a suspenseful novel; however, it was entertaining and the characters quirks kept me interested.
I did not like the ending. It was as if the writer just didn't know what else to do.  The other explanation might be that she is planning to continue in a second book.  I have read Gillian Flynn's other mysteries and found this to be the weakest in regard to plot.
This is my first Gillian Flynn and I had high expectations for this after the reviews I read, but I was a little letdown. The first half of the book was fantastic, I couldn't put it down, but the last half was a bit of a let down. All in all, an entertaining book.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book all the way up until the last page!The author was very creative in wearing two hats...going back and forth in writing in diary form,The male and female perspective.The last page, however, was a disappointment.
After reading both Sharp objects and Dark Places I thought this book would be along the same lines. However, the ending left me wanting more. Great quick read, but definitely not as dark as her other 2 books which is probably why it was the most popular of the 3.
So I get that the first half of the book is setting you up for a twist but I was bored and thinking, I've read this plot before. Second half is stellar though. So if you can meander through the front, it is worth the effort. Biding is interesting/thought provokng
This book could have been great, it is one of those that you hate to put down and can't wait to finish to see what happens.  But once you start seeing Nick and Amy's true colors, you find that they are lothesome people.  I won't sugar coat it, I hated the ending.
Thus book is hard to read because  the characters are just really unlike able people. Of course there is a huge plot twist because that's trendy now but the twist is so unbelievable. At least it prepares you for the rotten ending which is even more unbelievable.
I must have started this book 4 times before actually getting through it.  Once I got through the first 5 or so chapters I just couldn't put it down.  However, the ending sort of let me down a bit.  I am looking forward to seeing how they make this into a movie.
I didn't expect much from this book, but it was surprisingly gripping.  I read it in just a few days and couldn't put it down.  The only reason I gave it only 3 stars is that I'm not a huge fan of psychological thrillers/mystery novels.  Overall, it's enjoyable.
Gillian Flynn has spine together a story that makes you want to keep reading. The back and forth action between the main characters puzzles together a story at an interesting pace. Predictable, but will have you questioning your first guess at what happens next.
Gone Girl was our book club's book of the month for August.  I had read a little bit about it before but I was not sure of what to expect.  A lot of twists and turns, but very good.  Very twisted ending, but they deserve each other.  I would recommend this book.
I had a hard time in the beginning. I wanted to give up but, I forged on. The middle of the book was good and was glad that I decided to keep reading. Then when I got to the end I was once again  wishing I would have just gave up on this book. Terrible ending!!
The author should be ashamed of herself for this ending. He tells a great story, gripping and entertaining, then seems to get tired-mailing in a terrible and un-climactic ending. I'm both disappointed and saddened by the time I wasted and invested in this book.
The story line was very good. I'm tired of almost all writers that use the F word over and over....STOP. And over and over Gods name was taken in vain.IT IS OFFENSIVE.When I have to skip over words that I don't like or use it takes the fun out of reading.
I had heard such great things and that people couldn't put it down.  So maybe my expectations were too high.  I COULD put it down, but I finished it and it was overall enjoyable.  Doesn't leave a good taste in your mouth though with these despicable characters.
At the beginning I fought the book was boring, but after some pages the story start to be more interesting, I like the narrative style, and the twists on the story but some parts are kind of plain, good book for a sunday reading, to relax and have a good time.
Maybe it is all the hype, the movie made of this book that I decided to read it. I read a lot - maybe I'm too picky about my authors. story line was good but not well executed. Seemed like it just drug on and on. Probably won't read any more of G Flynns books.
I chose this to read because it was on the best seller list for so long.  I felt like the language was a bit much, but the story did keep me interested to find out what happened.  I was very disappointed in the ending.  I didn't like that it ended so abruptly.
I did not like how this book ended.I thought the storyline was great up until the last page.  I was looking for some kind of closure but I think the author wanted you to make your own.  I'm old fashined I guess.... I like a Beginning a Middle and an End.
I was expecting a thriller that kept me guessing to the last page. Not true! A good read but I was disappointed after the rave reviews. Sure, the plot took many twists and turns, but I was left wishing that it could just be over. Maybe less would've been more?
Kind of a trashy novel, with no real plot purpose. The twists and turns were mildly unpredictable but so what. I gave it 3 points but that was because I couldn't put it down, however the book club was meeting in 2 days from when I started reading. Coincidence?
I was hooked as long as she was gone, but once I realized what the end was to be (about when she returned), I was bored.  I had a hard time finishing it.  Interesting ideas but not spellbinding writing.  I think the novelty of the ideas was what kept me going.
I was so intrigued and glued to this book that I read the entire book on a flight from Dubai to Durban.  I was bitterly disappointed at the end and wanted to throw my kindle across the plane.  Guess this is one of those books that you either love or hate.....
I liked the book from the outset, but the ending ruined it for me. A real disappointment because evil prevails, and it seems so unrealistic/contrived. I really think the last few chapters were awful. Didn't even feel like they were written by the same author.
I like the idea of two sociopaths being together, but I was a little disappointed. I think this is one of those books I should have read before I watched movie. I couldn't engage with either character. It's well written. I just didn't have anyone to root for.
it definitely keeps you wondering where the plot is taking you throughout the book, but the ending spoiled it for me. I was going to see the movie after i read the book, but now i am not going to see the movie either. What a crazy chic and he's no better! LOL
It sounds like I'm not alone in my views - the approach is interesting - alternating chapters from the viewpoints of the two main characters with a lapse in timeline and the pace of the novel is unique and interesting, but the ending left a lot to be desired.
I almost put this one down....it finally picks up at the midway point and makes the story interesting.  I, personally did not like the ending either.  Just a personal thing.  Worth reading, as it was recommended to me but not on my top ten for summer reading.
Story that kept me reading. Amy actually reminded me of a friend's ex-wife. They say fiction is often based on something out of real life... that scares me after reading this book. It was good but the ending was somewhat lackluster and I felt an easy way out.
Everyone in the family had read this book and had comments about it...  both good and bad.  They all suggested that I read it.  I dis not think it lived up to its publicity and found the ending disappointing.  Really!  A continued life of conflict and misery.
He would've never stayed with her. And she couldn't have ever pulled it off.I think when she's dragging flat screen TVs and golf clubs upstairs to run her sleeping husbands fingers over, she probably would've realized she had better things to do.
I liked the book, but I felt it defied logical actions and am not sure about the ending.  It is certainly is a very interesting book to read and is worth reading and discussing. I would recommend it, as it is a book that is un-put-downable.
read it fast, hard to put down, good summertime beach reading perhaps.  fell apart at the end for me. I hate to say this, but the author comes across a little like her characters -- he writing maybe a little too smug and not likely to admit her flaws.  meow!
I liked the first half of the book more than the second half.  Definitely not an ""all ends well"" plot.  Makes you think less of humanity by the end.  But enjoyable for seeing ""what makes people tick"" if you like psychology and relationships.
Fascinating characters.  I could not wait to finish the book.  Found the ending hard to believe.  Don't think I could read another Flynn book.  I felt the author was exhausted and so she just turned the light out, rolled over and went to sleep.  Ba da bing!
The style of the book (the his-and-hers views) was most interesting.  The characters were well developed, though some were quite predictable.  However, the ending was,for me, very disappointing.  I would recommend the book if you read with a very open mind.
Gone Girl is a descent work of fiction that somehow went beyond believable to pulp. The writer is obviously of high capacities but ended with all her characters sharing the same mind. ps i know i sound strange, my Greek are so much better than my English :)
not what I expected and did not live up to the hype. Codependent psychotic couple who lead one another and the the authorities and the public on a wild goose chase. I struggled to finish it and only did because I hoped that both would be institutionalized.
The first 1/3 of the book was not worth the time reading it, very bland, but glad I went back to it when I needed something to read one day, not expecting to be entertained...the last two thirds made for a very intriguing story that was hardly predictable!
Book did not disappoint, lots of unexpected twists. It was nice to read from Nick and Amy's perspective, But I hate the ending. It's one of those endings that left you hanging there even though you wanted some justice! I'm actually annoyed by how it ended!
This book is disturbing. So good but so twisted. You don't know what to believe or who to root for. You switch sides every chapter I hope it's a great movie. If the authors other books are similar not sure I can read them. Too dark like Lovely Bones author
During the first half of the story, I was completely absorbed.  It pulled me right in.  But, that absorption didn't stick.  I felt it was a bit contrived and too slick.  I finished the book just on general principle but did not feel that the style endured.
Initially the writing is skillful enough to sustain the changes in characterization. Unfortunately that does not remain true for the entire book. While I don't want to spoil the read for others, the ending is neither satisfying nor believable, just creepy.
Could not put down the book during Part 1, but as the plot went on the author had a hard time tying it all together and wrapping it up.  It really got ridiculous by the end.  Too bad, there was lots of potential and the character development was wonderful!
Until the end I was taken by this thriller mystery. The ending was so far fetched and unrealistic that it ruined the book for me.  I had forgotten until I watched the movie and I remembered all over again.  Amy is a psycho.  Who would go back to that?????
This book seemed a bit far fetched!  Characters were a bit shallow.  Really not very well written considering all the hype it received. I will not bother to see the movie either.  Glad I didn't purchase this book.  I borrowed it thru my library on kindle.
I enjoyed the book, ""Gone Girl"",  by Gillian Flynn and it's psychological play from both Nick and Amy.  BUT --  I did not like the ending.  Nothing ends up being resolved and it is sad to think that any couple could live in a marriage like theirs.
Difficult to get into. Finally hooks you so that you wish to get to the end. At times, choice of words seem to be included just to keep the interest of immature readers.Format is different and forces one to recap the setting of the previous account.
What's a great book without a great ending? .... An Ok book. It was very engrossing at times, but the ending is a total let down. Unable to put he book down at times, Wondering what would happen next. Unfortunately the ending Left me feeling unsatisfied.
I found that the book was well written and after page after page of the book, it came to an end that I didn't like.  I would imagine that it might have to come to that in the authors' mind, but after struggling through the story, I was very disappointed.
I didn't care all that much for Gone Girl. It seemed to take at least half the book to become interesting, but the last half was okay. Also, the bullying actions of the girl, I thought, were disturbing. After reading the book I wouldn't go see the movie.
Just found it hard to sympathize with the characters.  Almost stopped reading halfway through, but then the storyseemed to pick up and I did finish it.  I have friends who have read and liked it and friends who have read it anddidn't like it.
Definitely has you on the edge of your seat and I couldn't put it down because I had to know what was going to happen. But it starts getting ridiculous halfway through and the ending is unsatisfying (which Flynn did purposefully, I'm sure, but still...).
Gone Girl"" was not written well.  Words did not flow evenly.  The author had a wonderful idea but couldn't quite make the characters believable.  Reader can determine early in the book what the outcome will be.  Okay read for a day at the beach.
First half of the book was very good. However the second half took a turn that I felt did not fit the characters or the character POV.  I also found the ending very unsatisfying.  That said, the author is a very good writer and the book is worth reading.
I thought this book was very well written.  It took about 70 pages to start getting into it which I was warned abut prior.  The ending just left you hanging and that is what I feel ruined the entire book,  It ended too abruptly with no closure whatsoever
Not the type of book I normally read but I had to find out what it was about because of the movie.  Way to creepy for me and the ending even more creepy.  The fact they knew she was guilty and apparently could do nothing about it didn't make sense.o I'm
I was so so so bored with Nick and the first half of the book. Well Amy it's still missing and today and the next day. I loved when we got to see the real Amy. She was funny and psycho. I love that about her. Wish the ending had a better closing though.
I really liked this book up until the last part - but the ending was a HUGE disappointment. It really made me wish that I hadn't even bothered to read the book. The way the author chose to end the story simply ruined the whole reading experience for me.
Overall interesting read.  Found myself rooting on both characters at different times in the book.  At times it was a bit predictable, other times moved a bit slow and hated the ending.  But loved some of the twists and turns.  Excited to see the movie!
This book was way too long.  The first 300 or so pages of this 555-ish page book dragged.  The remaining 200 or so pages were far more gripping.  Not sure why this book ended up so bloated, but some more rigorous editing would have made it a lot better.
I was thoroughly enjoying this book and had troubke putting it down, but I found the ending to be so disappointing. Such a let down after all of the twists and turns earlier in the book. I feel like the author just didn't know what to do for the ending.
This book had a hard time keeping my interest because of the constant back and forth time changes (his present vs her past). The plot was interesting but not as well executed as I'd have thought from the author. I really liked her previous books better.
The book was hard to get into in the beginning but then it really was captivating. It had a real good twist & kept you guessing.  I was very disappointed in the ending. If I knew it was going to end like that I wouldn't have bothered to keep reading it.
I would have to give this book three stars.  I had read the book Gone Girl.  It was an ok read for me.The book was a page turner in the beginning but by the end of the book it was not that great.I was dissapointed in the ending of the story.
It's a bit slow at first, got great (really great) in the middle but then just slows down and dies at the end. I was looking for a better ending and was kind of upset the way it did end. Good read for a long trip but nothing to get overly excited about.
I found this to be one of those books I kept reading to find out what happened more than I was enjoying reading the book.  I am lookiing forward to the movie.  I understand they changed the ending.  I hope it is more satisfying than the book ending was.
I bought this because my friends raved and I thought my husband would enjoy it. He didn't want to finish it but I told him to stick with it. Now 3/4 of the way in he says its okay. Easy to put down and doesn't keep him up nights trying to figure it out.
This book was a good read but not one of my favorites. Most likely because I couldn't ""like"" either of the two main characters. However, I did feel that Flynn made some great underlying points about relationships and marriage. Good book for a book club.
When I discovered it wasn't a mystery I lost interest in the story.  Never finished it, got through 3/4 of the book and checked the ending to see what happened..  The writing is good, but with the alternating voices it was a little confusing and slow..
Can't say I loved this book. It started well but I found it quite negative. I lost interest about a third way through but just when I was about to give up there was a twist which enticed me back in again. Overall interesting but not a 'feel good' book.
Loved the story. I couldnt put it down. BUT I HATED THE ENDING!  So wierd. It went nowhere and left me wishing there was more but glad it was over at the same time. I wouldn't recommend it unless you like to be very frustrated at the end of a good read
This was a book group read. It made for an interesting conversation! It's a well written and crafted story but ultimately disappointing in its conclusion. Read this book if you don't mind disliking every single  character and don't need a happy ending.
This book is definitely interesting. I did not expect many of the twists and turns the author takes you on. My problem  is I don't like the characters. I want them both to lose. I like the story but I need a hero and this book does not have one for me.
3.5*? I'm not really sure how to rate this. Personally, Part 1 was a little slow and frustrating. Once Part 2 started, it picked up the pace. The Dunnes are completely messed up, and it's a sad reminder that there are such deranged people in the world
Well I do not usually review these books. After reading it I did not bother to see the movie.  The phrase ""you can' t fix stupid"" comes to mind. I did not like the characters nor the format. It was repetitive as well.  Waste of time and money.
A ""weak"" #3 in rating.  Not my cup of tea I fear, although everyone seemed to like it alot.Perhaps women liked it better than men?Good writing I thought, but an unlikely story a...problem I often encounter with fiction.
I've had the book a couple of months now and I'm having a hard time getting into the book, it is very slow reading and a little confusing how it goes back and forth into the past then the present. I'm trying to finish the book before I rent the movie.
I did enjoy the different writing style throughout this book. I appreciated the thought behind it. The ending made me so mad that I felt cheated. I stuck through two train wreck main characters to be rewarded by the ending but it didn't happen at all.
I read this book in 2 days. I wanted so bad for it to have a happy ending, and then I thought, for who?  Both characters are so messed up. I didn't know which one to feel sorry for.  The only one I know I'm sorry for is the baby. If it's even born....
The book takes you on a mystery trail, but ends up flat. I didn't enjoy the plot. What kept me reading was that just wanted to get to the end to see what happened. The writing is witty and so clear and descriptive---the only saving grace for the book.
I liked the format of the book alternating between Nick and Amy; however,  I didn't like the enormous amount of profanity in the book.It was easy to get involved with the characters in the book and feel very sad for the baby...glad it's fiction!
I don't know if I liked this book or not.  Isn't that weird?  Part of me liked it because you really didn't know which way it was going to go, and the other part of me didn't like it because the people were so dysfunctional, and I didn't like the end.
Quick fun read for a vacation- interesting approach but most of the story was predictable...most but not all. The good part was in the details. The writing quality/language is quite simple. Would read again, but would only maybe recommend to a friend.
I read this book for a book club meeting, and most people attending did not care for the book because they did not like the characters. The author writes well and has an admirable writing craft.  I hope better characters choose her for her next novel.
Only two characters in the book are likable - the sister and the (woman) police officer.  All others had such great flaws, that it was hard to find any sympathy for any one of them.  I  finished the book because it was our book club pick of the month.
This first third of this book began to get tedious and I was about to put it down when I got to part two and I loved the twist! I couldn't put it down until I got to the last third and it became tedious again, I really didn't like the ending at all...
I enjoyed entering the minds of both characters in this book, but I was appalled by the ""easy way out"" ending.  I was expecting at least some closure for both characters at the end of their long and twisted relationship - but I was sadly disappointed.
i was so excited to read this book, through out it was a constant page turnner. however the ending was lacking and seemed to just drop off. almost as if the author got tired of writing. needless to say when i was done reading, i was very disappointed.
Interesting plot twists led this reader to realize the direction a desperately dysfunctional couple's story would unravel.  The remaining pages and the ending were less than satisfying. I crave deeply crafted, multiple threads. Disappointing overall.
It kept my interest.  However,I can't imagine having such a devious mind that would unravel someone's entire life.  If I were Nick, I would spend the rest of my life looking for a way out or watching my back. I did like the diary format. Well written
This book was so good to read. I loved the back and forth between Amy and Nicks stories. However the end left something to be desired. Like your favorite show getting cancelled after dramatic events take place and you'll just never know what happens.
I was so hooked on this book, I couldn't put it down.  I wanted to know what was going to happen, and was very intrigued by how it would end.  Then I got to the end.......and I am very very VERY disappointed.  Such a let down for such a great book :/
I had heard great reviews about this book and decided to read it. It's a bit slow to start and takes some time to get going. Once it I grabs you it sucks you into the mystery of lead characters in the story. The end was surprising, but anticlimactic.
It took about 25% of the way through the book before it picked up, and then it took off. Good read. Glad my Kindle gives me definitions because she likes big words, which fit with the characters. Overall, I enjoyed the read, but definitely different.
I really think the author of the book lost her way about 4 chapters from the end, as it seems she is almost meandering around hoping a good ending will come to her, but eventually giving up,  Disappointing after being such a great read to that point.
For the amount of time I invested in getting to know these characters, the ending left me wondering if the writer wasn't under some sort of deadline. The last few diary entries were so flimsy, so predictable, I felt let down at the end of this story.
I loved the first half of this novel/thriller - it's smart, well-written and the author does an outstanding job of switching from husband [Nick] to wife [Amy] giving  each a unique voice.  For the reader, allegiances switch back and forth depending on the POV [point of view] which  truly reveals a gifted  writer.  The way Nick's story unfolds in the present, often humorous, never dull, and Amy's story via  a diary which takes us backward to move us forward in time is ingenious and works very well. The reader can't wait until the two collide in the present. Unfortunately, the second half of the book is not nearly as well written and overflows with crude language. I'm not sure why the clever spot-on writing of the first part had to degenerate into cheesy, run of the mill writing all too typical of 21st century prose.  After the initial tension over what really happened starts to unfold, the novel, story and characters become increasingly difficult to enjoy.  Events don't illicit as much interest and lack believability.  The great character development in the first half falls victim to a messy game that simply doesn't ring true.  Ultimately, one doesn't like any of the characters and puzzles over what really motivates them.I wish the author had taken a different approach to resolving the tension of the story instead of getting lazy and making the characters sad caricatures. They were so much fun, intriguing even, in the beginning!
After all the hype this book received I was a little disappointed. It's a slow start and doesn't really get interesting until the second half of the book. I would have given it four stars had it not been for the end, which was a huge disappointment.
Flynn told the story in an exciting way. She developed her characters well.  The ending was suspenseful.  Unfortunately, her characters are jerks.  This may not matter to some people, but I did feel as though I had wasted my time reading this novel.
I wanted to like this more. It was an entertaining, easy read, but the characters left me cold. I couldn't relate or care about any of them. Even the more sympathetic characters were not developed well enough. They felt like props for the story arc.
Sections 1 & 2 were good reads, characters were interesting. Section 3 and ending were very disappointing. Even though you figured out who did by the Section 3 the ending is a huge let down and very anti-climatic. I can't see this ending in a movie.
Gone Girl was an interesting read. The story line was interesting at first, but then became predictable. I also felt uncomfortable reading through a lot of  bad language-which I felt was unnecessary. I will not be reading another Gillian Flynn book.
Not so great ending. No thriller for me. It was an great story line that went nowhere. The premise of a missing wife and an accused husband was for the most part, a story that could keep u on the edge of your seat but alas, this story failed for me.
If I had not already purchased this book before I read Dark Places, I would not have read it.  I don't necessarily like ""fairy tale"" endings, but I feel the ending was not complete.
It's really annoying and ruining a good story so far.I'm 1/4 of the way through the book and author has used (and more often misused) the word at least 10 times.  I can assume that Nick has not ""literally seen the entire world"".
It was different, with welldrawn characters, and it held my interest most of the time, but the plot was ""over the top""  and less credible as the book proceeded.  One could even call the ending stupid.  It was, however, an entertaining read.
Veeeerrrrrryyyy slow to start.  Gets better as it goes until it eventually becomes a page-turner.  My biggest gripe is that from all of the discussion of the ending (no spoilers here, nor did I suffer from any), I pretty much knew how it would end.
... absolutely HATED it. it just drops off into an abyss. Completely anticlimactic and hugely disappointing. I expected a twist, or something clever at the very least, but no, not even close. I hope they do something A LOT different with the movie.
If my wife were rating this she would probably give it 5 stars. She's ga-ga over the movie, the motivation to purchase the book. She's into that sort of thing but resisted the E-book version! Doesn't pay much attention to what I have to say anyhow!
Reading this novel was a good page turner, enjoyable to read, but disappointing considering the initial praises. And it became too improbable, which lessened the connection to the two main characters. That said, I do not regret my purchase or time.
The book started off strong and I couldn't put it down. The ending was just terrible. There were so many different angles that she could have taken, but fell flat. Had I actually read the reviews from others, I probably wouldn't have read the book.
Like so many others I wasn't thrilled with how the book concludes.  It's hard to see why it's been so popular with so many so disappointed.  Some of the insights into marriage were interesting.  Probably worth the home all in all, but a close call.
I could not put this book down, then it ended and I wanted to throw my kindle out the window. How does a book end like that?! It got so dull the last few ""chapters"" but I kept going bc I needed to figure out what happens. Very disappointed.
The book did hold my interest.  However, I did find contradictions in the plot that were not explained reasonably  in the book.  I was able to predict the ending about half way through the novel.  No one's life could possibly be this dysfunctional.
Please read my review on ""Dark Places"", I will be giving this book another try...I have read ""Dark Places"", currently reading ""Sharp Objects"", so ""Gone Girl"" will be my last, I think I went backwards, but that's OK..
This book had me captured from the very beginning.  On reading the final page I kept trying to turn the page to read more.  Surely there was more, because this cannot be the ending.  It was.  Good story, great plot, held my interest...lousy ending.
This book makes the reader really think hard about the psyche and what makes people tick. Why do people do what they do? What motivates them? How does the way you are raised influence you as an adult? Or does it have any influence on us as adults?
The ending leaves something to be desired. The plot and the twists are fairly predictable and anti-climatic. I got hooked on Flynn when I read Sharp Objects, but her other two books haven't risen to meet the expectations that were set by that one.
This novel started out with a clever plot line that kept me guessing. Ms. Flynn is very discriptive and oringinal in that sense but the plot seemed to weaken and then fizzle. I doubt I will be reading any more of her work. This is only my opinion.
This book started out EXTREMELY slow. It took almost 120 pages for me to get into the book. Then, there was a huge plot twist, and I couldn't put it down. And shortly after it dropped off again. The ending wasn't (in my opinion) very good at all.
the ending was disappointing, if that's what it was. I hope there's a sequel coming out. I really like this author's style of writing and the descriptive details  he uses. Im looking forward to reading more by him, hopefully with a better ending.
I did nof like the way it ended.  Amy was manipulative and demented.  Nick should have exposed her when the baby was born and then gotten custody of him.  The book left you wondering what Nick and the child would go through with this crazy woman,
The book is well written and moves along at a good pace.  However, I found it less and less belieivable as story line evolved and not at all at the end.  Overall, I was disappointed and would not recommend it.  Will not be going to see the movie!
Everyone I spoke to told me the same thing but I had to read it to believe it and understand what they meant. There are many directions the author could have taken the storyline and I personally do not have an appreciation for where she chose to.
Characters were not as compelling as in her previous novels.  Plot was too predictable.  I prefer to read a book with a clear ending, this did not provide that.  Apparently, there will be a Gone Girl 2, not too used to that in the novels I read.
I do not see any redeeming value to the story as a whole. It was well written but what does the story tell...a wicked person can really get away with murder.I want to read something MORE substantial from a gifted writer- worth writing for.
Had potential to be gripping, but fell short.  The plot twists were intriguing, but under-developed.  character development was shallow.  The ending felt contrived, paving the way to Gone, Girl, part II.  If that happens, This girl will be gone.
The build-up of the story line was intriguing, good depth to the characters but it all came crashing down to a disappointing ending.  Seemed like the author was in a hurry to finish the book and couldn't find a fitting way to complete the story.
After hearing how good this book was from several sources, I was disappointed. There was not one character that I would have wanted as my friend, and then in the end, to see that there was no conclusion...well, I felt like I had wasted  my time.
I had heard great things about this book and was a little disappointed.  It was too long, the characters were not likeable and the ending left me flat.  Overall I did not think it was a great read and certainly not one of the best books of 2012.
I enjoyed the complexity of this clever romp through paranoia and murder and constantly thought of what Hitchcock could have done with it. It did not, however, really click with me for some reason. At any rate, it makes for good summer reading.
Well written, good plot, but some of the details didn't come together. Like the tabloid media would never give up on this story. Nick would never be able to move around the way he did because the tabloid media would have been on his heels 24/7.
Having seen the movie midway through reading the book I was hoping for a more credible ending. Although the book goes further to show why Nick stays, it ultimately becomes a matter of faith, rather than understanding (ie belief) for the reader.
Interesting story, well written, real page turner.  Absolutely hated the filthy language...  I realize a lot of people actually use and think those words, but I don't, and my friends don't, so I would never recommend this book to anyone I know.
Great read until the end. I disliked both main characters but still couldn't put the book down. The story was unpredictable and engrossing...until the end. I was curious how the story would wrap but once it did, it left me feeling disappointed.
Slow to get into, then it had me hooked with the twist. But then it twisted the other way, then back again until finally just leaving me hanging at the end. I always feel like an author gives up and takes the easy way out when he/she does that.
Reason for Reading:  I loved Flynn's Dark Places and was excited to read another book by her.I was excited to read this as I had enjoyed Dark Places very much and have seen the reviews for this popping up all over the place; while not reading them, I was taking note of the 4 & 5 star ratings.  I have to say I was a bit let down from my expectations.  As I started reading Part One,  I just really didn't find myself all that intrigued as I couldn't ge over how the events mimicked the Scott Peterson case item by item so of course I knew that meant the husband wasn't the killer because what kind of book would that be? So no suspense as everything was expected as it unraveled in Part One and I had thought of a few ideas as to what may be going on and was not shocked at the twist that came with Part Two.  Basically, the whole plot of the thriller didn't *thrill* me.  Now, I won't say I didn't enjoy it as I did once Part Two was under way, but I was underwhelmed.Secondly, the two main characters, both the husband and the wife, I found completely repulsive.  I didn't like either of them as people and was unsatisfied with the ending.  I connected with the sister, Go, but it just isn't that compelling to read a crime story about people you don't care for.  So overall, while the plot had twists and kept me reading to find out how it all turned out in the end, I found this book to just be ok.
It was a very interesting concept but when the cat was let out of the bag I found myself not really liking any of the characters in the book. This causes me a problem. I was also hoping for a different ending which might have saved the story .
A compelling read with no justice and extremely unlikable characters. I found myself fantasizing about the best way to take Amy down. That said, I was hooked till the very end and would have thrown the book at a wall if it wasn't on my Kindle.
Gone Girl is an amazing read, it had me from page one! The characters are so well written and the story flows so well. It has definately become one of my favorite books and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a smartly written thriller.
It was interesting, but not the best book I have read lately.  I read a lot and a good book is one, I can tell you about the plot a year later and describe the characters to you as if I had met them.  This does not meet those criteria for me.
For me a good story must have an end ; be it happy or  .This book has  The reader is cast adrift to imagine the future of what will be a dysfunctional family. Also what an opportunity for a sequel. As a reader, I felt abandoned by the author.
Wonderful beginning that was suspenseful and entertaining.  However, the ending was a major let down.  It felt like the author realized the book was too long to take on the last twist and just ended the book.  Very disappointed in the ending.
Clever story, well written, well told.  Lots of twists and turns.  Wish she had applied as much thought to the destination as she did to the journey.  Possibly the worst ending I've ever encountered.  Hard to believe anyone can be so cynical.
Obviously, the fact that a movie was made from it, justifies its existence, after all, who appointed me a judge, jury, etc et al, However, my opinion is that it took a long time to get interested in it.But once the hook was set I enjoyed it.
Flynn has succeeded in plumbing the depths of human depravity.  There are no heroes or heroines, only victims of their own making.  Playing God rather than honoring God is the road to destruction and Flynn has clearly illustrated this truth.
You need a high tolerance for the crazes.  After getting though it to be left with the possibility of what was to come next left me quite depressed. Our book club discussion was similar to my coments with some enjoying a bit more than I did.
Very edge of your seat, just when I thought I knew what was going on, the plot changed.  A little too detailed, to the point I skimmed through chapters rather than reading.  By the end I didn't like either character and was glad it was over.
Interesting book and was a very fast read. Actually could not put it down as you had to see what was going to happen next. I hated the characters in the book, very shallow people...but I recommend they highly as it will keep you in suspense.
Not worth the money.  This book was ok but not good enough to win an award.  Just your everyday mediocre book.  No likeable characters and stupid ending.  The book was trying to be modern and hip but it really lacked any emotion or interest.
I found gone girl quite slow to get started but once the story started taking twists it picked up.However it is disturbing and psychotic and found myself feeling sick in points.Not a light read, but worth the effort.
The book was hard for me to get into, but once I did it was a page turner! There were so many cliffhangers I had to keep reading! Until the end. Overall, I did not love this book. I think the end could have and should have gone differently.
Loved the first half of this book, but the second half seemed like a different book (one I did not like).  I really wanted to read this book and expected to love it.  I actually had some trouble bringing myself to finish the last 100 pages.
It's unfortunate that this book taken as a whole wasn't nearly as satisfying or entertaining as the story it tells.  I enjoyed its narrative and structure, but I feel something was lost by dragging the story out into a novel of this length.
I understood all the dissatisfaction they each experienced in their relationship, but, down deep they both loved each other,  They should have gone for counseling to solve their problems.  Of course, then there would be no interesting book.
It was interesting, but not my favorite book.  Had a hard time staying with it until about half-way thru.  I do have mixed feelings about the way it ended and it is definitely a book that is hard to describe to somebody who hasn't read it.
I purchased this book after hearing so much about it.  I have to say that 'disappointed' is an understatement.  When I reached the end, I regretted not only the $5 I spent but the time I lost that could have been spent reading a good book!
I don't like it when someone gets away with murder!Gone Girl was a good read...it moved along quickly, which I love in a book.This book was recommended to me by several friends but I don't believe I will recommend it in return!
It took me half way through the book to get truly into it, and then the ending was an anti-climatic slap in the face.  The twists were unexpected, I'll give you that, but there needed to be more.  You crave more, but it never really comes.
I found this book to be really gripping and I enjoyed it for that. However, perhaps the author is going to write a sequel because, to my mind, there is no ending. I found this to be a great disappointing and therefore only gave it 3 stars.
This story starts out rather dull, but then it fills with twists and captures the reader.  Not entirely realistic, but very imaginative and it makes you wonder what goes on in some people's minds or how well you think you may know someone.
Great story line,  kept me so intrigued throughout the beginning and middle where I couldn't put it down,  however the end of the book slowed down and got a bit dull. I was disappointed in the ending which ruined my feelings foot the book
I had a hard time liking this book. I honestly think the movie will be better. It never had that wow moment for me ... I couldn't engage at all. Disappointed. Will not read her again. Just my opinion. She is talented but it wasn't for me.
This book was very sad to me.  How could two such nice young people go so horribly wrong?  And then have a child?  The style of writing is not my favorite--her side/his side.  However, I read it all--kept me interested until the very end.
First 1/3 of the book was fantastic, the story line driven by the strong voices of the husband & wife who are the 2 main characters. 2/3 content gets overloaded with too many characters & last 1/3 the book loses its plausibility & appeal.
Liked the clever word usage but the violence was off-putting. Started out liking the main characters but by the end disliked everyone.  Turned out to be a creepy story with psycho character and dysfunctional families-a disappointing read.
I was disappointed in all the reviews & write ups it had gotten.Wasn't a read I really liked I thought they were both sick o'sI read the whole book cause I wanted to see how it ended.Just wasn't what I expected it to be.
A riveting novel.  I couldn't put it down until I finished it.  I was very dissapointed in the end because it left you hanging (albiet knowing the end results).  I guess I don't like novels that don't have an ending, whether happy or not.
Our book club decided that we should read it. I am almost finished but in my opinion it is such a downer so far. That man is a jerk and his wife is far from perfect although her parents thought that she was. How could people be so dumb???
Gone Girl is a page-turner of the textbook variety, and I rocketed straight through it. It has compelling (though unlikable) characters, a strong and immediate hook, cliffhanger chapter endings and tension on every page. It was predictable in places and contained a few cliches, but all in all, while reading along I thought it was a great mystery/thriller.Then I hit Part III.(Major Spoiler Alert - seriously, if you haven't read the book and plan to, stop here.)Big, big, big bummer of an ending. Unsatisfying, anticlimactic and utterly frustrating after such a huge buildup. I didn't need the package all tied up with a neat little bow (inside joke - ha!), but I did want the dueling antagonists to learn their lessons, at least a little bit. Throughout the novel I tried to root for Nick, but he turned out to show shockingly little character growth considering the hell Amy put him through. I wanted him to grow a pair, and grow a pair he did not.I also would have liked some resolution of the Rand/Marybeth storyline. In the end, they're still goo-goo eyed for one another and their adoration of Amy is fully intact. Really??? Again, character growth was lacking.It's an entertaining read. It's just that the climax of the book is described very well by the author, through Amy's eyes, in the scene where Desi, um, climaxes.
It was definitely a book that kept me wanting to read just one more chapter, but it was disturbing and the characters were awful people. I literally woke up panicking in the middle of the night every time I read it before going to sleep.
There was so much hype about this book, I was so excited to read it. Then I heard there was a movie, bonus. However, I personally didn't like it. It was too slow in starting and when it finally got good it ended abruptly. I wanted more!!
Not literature but social commentary. A mamma""s boy from small town Missouri should not even think he can make it in New York City; and two psychologists should never have a child. Gillian is a master of  dysfunctional relationships.
After the great success of this book, now a movie, I thought I should catch up with the Gillian Flynn phenomenon.  Not my cup of tea.  I thought the first half moved too slowly for a thriller.  I looked for surprises but didn't find any.
it kept my attention! it was hard to keep following at some points, but it certainly was twisting my mind around. i would say it is a book to keep you on the edge of your seat and the ending was very surprising.......she's a good writer.
This book was edgy, exciting, twisty and addictive.  Until the end.  It's one of those books that you keep flipping back and forth at the end, expecting more. Feels as if the author just didn't know how to end it.  I ended up frustrated.
The book is good, but slow to get hooked into.  I like to be grabbed by a book right away, but this is much slower moving.  Overall, I read it because of all of the hype surrounding it, but so far I am not too excited about finishing it.
I really thought this was a pretty boring book with an obvious plot until it took a real turn.  Then it got impossible to put down and I was reading constantly.  But the warped psychosis was a little too much.  I Couldn't get past that.
was an interesting book and engaging.  ending was terrible.  left the story hanging for me.  seemed like a cop out.  there were many twists to the story but did not like the ending.  maybe a set up for a second novel of the same people?
This book has a lot of twists that keep you interested and turning the page.  But the end messed it up for me.  I did not like the ending of this book.  I guess some people would like the turn it took, but, for me, it was just too much.
I really hated the ending. Like after all that ... it just had NO powerful closure?  I finished the book feeling frustrated. That was my first Flynn book and because of the way it made me feel I probably won't buy anymore of her books:/
Kept me interested after the I managed to get through the first few chapters. The ending was ridiculous & I truly hated how it ended. Sure it's different but anticlimactic & disappointing. Expecting so much more after the great reviews!
This book was not really what I was expecting-I heard great reviews about it but I do not agree.  The reason I kept reading was because I was waiting for it to get better.  A little overboard and not the type of thiller I was expecting.
Once you begin the story, it feels like it will be great. Once into it....so so. The ending is so so. Unusual ending. Rather chaotic story. Check the spelling you proofreaders! It is just ok, nothing that I immersed myself into reading.
This book was good, it kept me interested and wanting to find out more through most of the book. But, it kind of got absurd towards the end and I, personally, don't like books that leave me guessing about the ending. Just my own foible.
I was so excited to read this book having read over many of the remarkable customer reviews. I thought this book would be a perfect pick for me considering I couldn't even set the book down from the moment I opened it. I was initially intrigued by the 5 year marriage between Nick and Amy.  However, I quickly lost interest half way through the book when the plot began spirally downward leading to a very depressing ending.  It was sad that these two people fell in love with someone they didn't even know. Amy felt as though she needed to live up to her fictitious character in the book series her parents created, ""Amazing Amy."" Amy would stop at nothing to keep her perfect reputation intact. Through dozens of lies to those who were closest to her, Amy somehow still ended up on top.  I was truly rooting for Amy at the beginning of the book. I felt sorry for her pathetic character. It was only until I found out that she was a total psychopath that I began feeling empathetic toward Nick. I wonder what would have happened if Nick would have stayed completely faithful to his wife. Would Amy have gone completely crazy? Or were Nick's imperfections just an excuse to let her true colors shine? Overall, I was a bit disappointed with the book because of the terribly depressing and unrealistic ending. I would hesitate before I recommended this book to a friend.
Purchased this book because of all the raves it received by friends who have read it.  Personally, it took me a long time to get into the book and I still don't get what all the hype is about.  I am hoping that Sharp Objects is better.
A strong plot deserves a strong denouement. This one is miles wide of the mark. Perhaps the next one will be better. Sleeker, the cat didn't serve any, underscore any purpose, in the entire book. Shame. He was poised to be significant.
There is so much about this book that I liked and didn't likeThe ending was terrible. Parts of the story were very difficult to even partly believe.But parts were entertaining and fun to read.Overall,too inconsistent.
I would have given this a five star review until I got to the end of the book.  I was very disappointed at the ending.  The author took you through so many twists and turns and I couldn't wait to read the ending....but it went nowhere.
This is the most dysfunctional story I have read since graduate school. Anyone considering a career in counseling or psychology must read it. You could spend a whole semester using the characters as case studies in abnormal psychology.
I have read all of her books in the order they were written. book one an excellent first book.  book two, excessively dark, but ok.  book three gone girl, the first half was a struggle to stay interested, the second half finally rocked
I was really looking forward to reading this, but what a disappointment.  Took me a long time to even get involved with the characters, then did not like them at all, and hated the ending.  Won't read any more of Gillian Flynn's books.
The author has created a well constructed and gripping story line, that I read eagerly to follow the next clue.  Yet her characters were so devious, vulgar and-indeed sociopathic, at the end, I did not want to think about them anymore.
This book was less than steler for me as it took too long to begin understanding which direction the book was taking.  After several boring chapters, the book did begin to pick up.  It is a mystery novel that has many turns and twists.
I really did like this book.  It was a little slow starting but once I got past the first couple of chapters it got very interesting.  It was a very good read but I absolutely hated the ending.  The ending killed the whole book for me.
Have not yet seen the film...will I ? This book kept my attention throughout and without giving the story away, let me say this. The author does a remarkable job of developing the main characters.... people I would never wish to meet.
I gave this book 3 instead of 4 because there were literally nocharacters that I could identify with or like.  Got really monotonous toward the last portion.  I will say that it was written in a new way that first got me hooked.
Well written book and a real page turner, but  just didn't buy the last third of the book and how Amy got out of the mess she was in.  There should have been many ways to prove her story was false.  Did not care for the ending at all.
Didn't know when I bought the book that it's a ""chic"" book. It was a good read but not something I would have read knowing now what I didn't know then. My bad, a girl friend said it was one of the best books she had ever read.
Yep, very creative, but I had a hard time thinking it was real, especially towards the end. I probably won't read another one from this author. But I admire the work that went into writing this novel. I definitely won't see the movie.
I was enthralled with the story and it's magnificent suspense, only to crash and burn with the disappointment of the way the author chose to end it. Now I cannot help but feel that reading it was a monumental waste of time! Boo. Hiss.
It was slow going the first few chapters. I was not able to connect or warm up to the various main characters. It got my attention half way through the storyline. The surprising unexpected ending was true to the main storyline though.
A page turner, yes. The Great American Novel, no. I was expecting something literary say like John Irving. But I should have known better. I've never enjoyed  a more contrived piece of crap. I see a sequel. I'll skip that one, though.
really enjoyed the journey but hated the destination.  How anyone would put up with that behaviour,even for the sake of their child, is beyond me so I was disappointed with the ending.  However great plotting, I could not put it down.
It's a well written book but the story wasn't for me. I didn't like any of the characters and ended up just finishing it to get it over with. I will try this author out again because, like I said the writing and pacing was quite good.
i thought the book was good maybe a little long. it wasn't a book i couldn't put down but definitely worth reading. she was as unbalanced as they come but i don't think he was too much better. i think they both got what they deserved.
This was hyped so much that I was ready for a fascinating read.  Although other authors have used alternating narrators successfully, I feel that this was just another mundane attempt to avoid a continuous story line.  It was just ok.
I read it thinking it was going to be a literary masterpiece with the way people were talking but instead I got a book for bored housewives to discuss at book club meetings. It was smart and well put together but too many loose ends.
A really good addition to the thriller genre with in-depth characters and an interesting story line. The start is a little slow and I predictable but as it moves forward the tension grows and storyline unravels in an interesting way.
After the 22,000+ reviews and the rest maybe my expectations were too lofty. I enjoyed it, I just didn't get into it easily and while I didn't see the final twist coming I did enjoy it, perhaps not enough to justify the rave reviews.
This book took me a long time to get into.  I read some of it online, some of it in hard back book form.  Either way, it took time for the author to really get me interested in finishing the book.  The ending makes the book, however.
The story was okay, but easy to figure out - no real mystery.  Really does not live up to the hype.  Moves along fast in the beginning and then toward the middle it gets a little slow and uninteresting.  Like I said, no real mystery.
Wow!  This story in the end pissed my off.  Sorry only writing.  This girl was so good at what she did that it upset me in the end.  If want to read a book that will have you screaming and yelling at the end.  Then you must read this
Disappointed in the ending ...
I did not like the way the book ended. I have not seen the movie but I was disappointed in the ending. It built up to a supposed climax and then let me down. Glad I read it, but I will not see the movie and I wouldn't read it again.
The book was exceptionally written.  The author succeeded in making me hate the main female character.The story is depressing.  I cannot recommend it, but only becauseI don't like the vindictive character or the outcome.
This was a disappointing book. It was not easy to get involved in the story. The husband's  part was easier to read than the wife's diary. While one doesn't want a lot revealed too early, nothing really led me to expect the cruelty.
Totally weird to my way of thinking. Someone has a very vivid imagination to write this book. I am not sure if I liked it or not. I would not reread it.i heard so many Amazing things about the book and movie I knew I had to read it.
This was an ""amazing"" story that I thoroughly enjoyed right up until the end. That's just it...it just ended. I feel like the author got bored or ran out of ideas or maybe had to meet a deadline. It was worse than a horrible ending.
This was a good book as far as keeping you guessing and the twists and turns but I hate the ending. It's worth the read. Even though I didn't like the ending I'm not as upset about reading it cause it was good aside from the ending.
i really liked this book, until the end. easy read. and i liked the twists and turns.  i liked the format. but i was completely let down by the ending.  so many ways this book could have ended and that's it?!?!  eh, what a let down.
The main character in this novel is just plain crazy, deliberate and evil.. Hard to sympathize with her.  A little unbelievable in the ending as it seems the author just didn't know how to end the story so just reached for anything.
If your in the mood for a good whodunit and a light read, this is the book for you.  It reminds me of a good Lifetime movie.  It has a nice complex plot; however, I found both the main characters very unlikeable.  An easy, fun read!
It took a couple of chapters to really get into the book (maybe because it was in a diary form) but after I got use to the format it was really good.  I didn't like the way the book ended, (reason for 3 stars); it seemed unfinished.
This story was entertaining at first, then it went to a very dark place.  By the end, and I did stick it out to the end, I was almost depressed.  Evidently I don't take to novels that involve abusive relationships and crazy people.
I enjoyed the book, once I had accepted the bad language.......a tad too dirty for me, but the plot was good and kept me interested.  Didn't like the way it ended as I felt there was more to say, and it left me ""wondering""!
I don't even know where to start, I hated Amy from the get go , Nick was a weird character too but I honestly felt bad for him. She was certifiable, he was a trapped  dude. The story had such promise but it just didn't deliver imo.
Great revenge story, a quick read that builds and builds. I couldn't put it down and I'm totally disappointed in the ending. I was stunned when I realized I had just read the last page. My thought was, ""really? this is it?
The characters are, for the most part, utterly unlikable. Amy's perfection in carrying out her deeds is annoying. And, the plot is predictable at times. But, the parts of the plot that aren't predictable are pretty darn intriguing.
I thought the book was brilliantly written with both characters featured at different times. However, I was not aware the language was so bad, or of the brutal descriptions of murder. I hated the ending but should be a great movie.
I did not like the book. That's just me. I can see how so many rated the book so highly, but I could not get to the good part. Please try the book I truly believe it is just a matter of it being a book that took to long to grab me.
The book started out fine, but the further and further into it I got, the less believable I found it. And I hated the ending (won't give it away here). Overall, a disappointment. I liked Sharp Objects a lot, and expected more here.
Perhaps I was expecting too much based on all the glowing reviews but the book didn't really wow me. I love a good thriller and while there were some delicious twists, I found myself getting annoyed at how the story went on and on.
It is hard to like the main characters because they are so extremely flawed, one more than the other.  You can barely wrap your head around the perverse agenda of the woman and her husband's acquiescence to a life tied to her evil.
I chose four stars because I really got into the book and I was choosing sides and hating the character I didn't choose, but the end was awful. I feel like I didn't get any resolution and I'm just left hating with no gratification.
I'm a fan of Ms Flynn- but Gone Girl didn't really deliver. Having both the Husband and Wife as narrators was effective, but the plot/story line did not grab me at any point in the story. I found the ending to be very unbelievable.
I couldn't put this book down because I was so intrigued. However, I have never been so disappointed by an ending. I wanted nothing more than to see justice be served and was totally ticked that they both went back to normal lives.
Have to agree with those who didn't like the ending.  All that excited page turning for...that.  I watched the film after reading the book and for the first time ever hoped that Hollywood had changed the ending.  Alas they didn't.
Loved the writing and back and forth between the characters but didn't care at all for the ending. Was definitely a let down considering everything else was so well scripted. Disappointing... Especially after all of those pages!!!
I did enjoy this book as I was reading it. Hard to put down, but I was dissappointed with the ending.  Not because it wasn't well written but because I didn't enjoy the decision the writer made with the main characters at the end.
Well I finally broke down and read Gone Girl and while there was much to like...plot twists, some excellent writing, it was just too wordy. Ms.Flynn could have written this book with half the number of pages and had a better book.
Great pace, multiple twists, and simply the worst, most boring ending you can imagine. It just falls off a cliff, in a way similar to 'Sharp Objects.' If you're interested in a good 9/10ths of a story though, this is certainly it.
I was not captivated by this book, despite the praise in some of these other reviews. I was quite relieved when it was finished actually. The story line is unique and all but I could not relate in any way to any of the characters.
I am not sure what the hype is over this book.  I finally read it because it was on the best seller list for so long.  I wanted to see what I was missing.  After reading it I have concluded that I was not missing much.  Very slow.
I am only partially through this book.  I don't get the long time on the best seller list.  I think if you are getting ready to leave your husband or murder your wife it might be for you.  Who knows.  I may, if I continue reading.
This book held my interest because I was expecting a big surprise finish, but nothing. The story just stopped. I am assuming there will be a sequel which in my opinion is how many authors and publishers are doubling their profits.
While the plot was intriguing, it didn't deliver at the end. The language was harsh - the ""F"" word not needed, didn't add to the characters and was offensive to me.
A good summer read, but the characters never rang true for me and the police work struck me as cookie-cutter Keystone Cop types. I would recommend Cathedral of Salt: A Novel for a faster-paced and more realistic mystery-thriller.
This book starts slow and stays slow, the ending was beyond bad and I have no desire to see the movie.  I did not care about the main couple in the book and I feel they made no effort for me to care.  Could have been a lot better
I don't like giving Meh reviews but... I was a bit put off with the ending.  It left me forgetting the entire story afterwards.  I was gearing up for a huge gottcha and... nothing!  Sirry I don't even think I'll go see the movie.
Interesting reading, not sure just how much I liked the book.  Seeing it on best sellers list for so long made me curious.  Did not like the characters, but finished book.  Curious to see how the movie will handle the story line.
I chose the rating because reading this book affected me emotionally for some unknown reason.  I couldn't put it down and I couldn't toss it away.Hated the ending, but where else could she go with this twisted couple?
While I was captivated throughout the book, I was disappointed in the ending. Don't get me wrong, I get it for the main characters, it actually upset me for other reasons that I won't mention because it would give something away.
Well written, unexpected plot twists and interesting storytelling format.  It reveals humanity at it's worst. I finished the book saddened that this story had so much deceit, dysfunction &selfishness. Absolutely Hated the ending.
Personally I think this is one of the strangest books I have read to date. I had a hard time relating to how people could be so bizarre and unfeeling towards others. It just was not my kind of book but someone else might like it.
Started off a little slow but had a lot of good twists to the story.unfortunately the ending was very anticlimactic and I was very disappointed.overall an okay read, it kept my attention going it would have more of a happy ending
I just didn't think this book was as well-written or intense as people said.  I've definitely read other thrillers that were more literary and more engaging...Book of Illusions by Paul Auster is my example of an amazing thriller.
I finished this book because it was well written and because I was curious whether either of the dysfunctional main characters would ""win."" I didn't care for the story much, just because it was so strange and depressing.
I didn't love this book, but I didn't quite hate it either.  It is one of those types of books where I just needed to fine out what happened.  I was woefully disappointed by the ending.  I was hoping for something more climatic.
This is a great good and author writes excellently. So many twists I didn't see. There was one twist that came with a major plot hole that kind of killed it for me. But I still like it. The ending has a tough but elegant ending.
I saw ""it,"" something, at 19%.And of course I'm irritated by the ending, but a smart reader can conjecture the outcome...In the context of POV, it certainly is enjoyable, but Flynn took her time about it.
It was okay. I am looking forward to the movie. I was confused a great deal while reading it. It was a little slow at first and it picks up towards the end.  If you like suspense this is the book for you. I'm glad I did read it.
Overall this book had my attention (although quite predictable at times) was fairly well-written, and entertaining, but the end was a total bust, uninteresting,  and anticlimactic. I wanted my time and money back actually.
novel has many good parts but also sections related to police investigations that have too many holes. The most glaring is the author wants the reader to believe Desi does not have an alibi for any of the time line of the story.
It took me a while to really become engrossed in the story. Once I began the second section I couldn't put it down. I became attached to the characters. I was a little disappointed in the ending but overall this was a good read.
The first half this book was infuriatingly hard to get through, I so wanted to put thus book down and not finish it. Luckily the second part of the book had more action and I was able to finish it. Interesting twist in this book
This book was an interesting study in dysfunctional marriage.It definitely keeps you hooked until the very end. It is only then that it disappoints. It clearly wants to lead you to the sequel, but gives you nothing to get there.
It starts out slow. Picks up alittle in the middle and ends ridiculously. Keep looking. You can find a better read out there. Butif you're like me you won't take the word of a stranger. It's not the worst book I ever read.
The book is very well written and really grabs you. However, when I got close to the end and I realized the direction it was going, I was very disappointed. It was a very anti-climatic, very silly ending for a not-so-silly book.
I kept asking the ""ravers"" when will the book get better? Most of the book was boring and predictable. Even in a symbiotic relationship, it was  an unrealistic ending.She was a killer who not  apprehended and was not remorseful.
Everybody told me the plot twist was completely unexpected and that I'd be completely blown away but I got all the way to the end and had to text them and ask what the twist was, because I thought it was incredibly predictable.
A great gripping read !! Just wanted to keep reading. And then I got to the end & didn't know how to feel.  Initially I was disappointed but on reflection thought it was the appropriate ending, considering these two characters.
In my opinion, this book would have been better if the language was a little less barbaric. Seriously. The author must have really struggled to find a Thesaurus. Swear words as every part of speech. How un-original can you get?
Made for a pleasant day in the heat of August in my nightgown.Not great literature but interesting in its use of the perspective of both the wronged and the one wronging......that is when you can figure out which is which
It kept you guessing whether she was alive. As plot developed I suspected several people. Even thought the parents dreamed it up to generate money for the books. Both him and her were nutcases!  Pretty good read. Shirley Draper
It is one of those kind of books,  you think ""this is so stupid, no one would do this"".  But it reels you in and you have to keep reading to see what else is going to happen.  Not my favorite, but not a bad read either.
The book certainly held the readers interest. I'm not a mystery reader but this book kept you wanting to go on. I didn't feel it was the greatest literary masterpiece I've read, but, aside from that, it was an entertaining read
Just as I was getting bored with the story a very surprising twist gave it new life.  As clever as the book was the ending seemed like a cop-out as if the author couldn't imagine what happened next so he just left it unsettled.
I rarely read fiction, so this review is not coming from an expert! I liked the style of writing but not so much the plot or the ending. Possibly this was the writer's intention! A lot was left open as I finished the last page.
I like a fast paced book.  This was dragging on for me.  It has a very good story but I was disappointed with the ending.Never was rooting for anyone and at the end was left scratching my head.  Where do we go from here?
The book came in quite quickly. It was for a book club forum, so it wasn't something I would have probably ordered myself. If you don't like a lot of vulgar language it will be fine. Not a book I would recommend to my friends.
I loved the story, part one and two. Great writing, suspenseful and hard to put down. First you route for Amy, then Nick... but was disappointed in the ending. I didn't feel satisfied. Somebody deserved a more brutal outcome.
This book had me hooked from the start. Very interesting and fast paced, that is until the end. Have you ever read a book and got to the last page and thought, what the heck? That is how I felt, wish I didn't pay full price.
I was captivated and couldn't put this book down.  I only give it 3 stars because I feel like the ending was a let down.  I enjoyed the twists and turns and was surprised on more than one occasion but the ending was lacking.
The story was engaging, but the ending was very disappointing. I am looking forward to the movie that is coming out soon to see if there is a different spin put on the characters that I was not able to pick up from the text.
I liked most of the book until the last 50-100 pages. It was a quick read. The end was just such a disappointment.  There were too many similes like I was in elementary school again. Also, would give this an extra half star.
I thought Gone Girl had an interesting premise but I couldn't justify any of the characters actions and I couldn't relate to them. I thought it was a sad state of affairs if we all for what we deserved in such a devious way.
I definitely wanted to keep reading and was into the story for the most part, but the content (especially further into the book) just got pretty ridiculous.  I wouldn't recommend it to a friend, but it wasn't the worst book.
I was really expecting an exciting, gripping story - what I got was somewhat different.  The story was rather disjoined and although initially sympathetic to the main female character, I disliked her more and more as I read.
The story itself had the potential to be ok however, I did not like the way it was presented. Kept going back between husband and wife telling the story. Lots of unbelievable twists and turns. The ending was not good at all.
Well written and a good commentary on some of the current social issues in the US (male/female relationships, media, etc.).  Entertaining.  Characters didn't have many redeeming values, making the story hard to really like.
...but I guess that's what fiction is.  I did make it to the end but the story became more contrived as it went along...but I did finish it...I'll bet the film is better...easier to get lost in the  story in a dark theater.
The ending really leaves something to be desired.  Also, I find the character Amy to be wildly unbelievable.  However, if you can suspend your sense of reality, it is an entertaining read until you get to the ho-hum ending.
Interesting read.  I think it would have been just as interesting without all of the f bombs throughout.  That aside, quite a twist on the narcissistic, psychopathic personality.  Or should I say personalities?...Good read.
Gillian Flynn is a talented writer and deserves acclaim for her versatility.  I found Gone Girl too explicit sexually.  I like something left to  the imagination.  I also got tired of the endless descriptions and modifiers.
I really liked this story, but I wasn't a fan of the sexual language and bad words. They did fit the story, that is so well thought out and come together so beautifully. Just not a huge fan of the sexual detail and wording.
I can certainly appreciate a neurotic read, but this one was over the top. The ending is anticlimactic, and I found it simply annoying. However, it does hook you fast and keeps you engaged in the chaos until the bitter end.
this book took a long time to get to the point, I think the writer could not decide on an ending that would satisfy everyone.I was disappointed in the ending. looked like this guy could not better himself if he tried.
I really liked this book when it first started...the way it changes up between chapters was interesting. The book changes quickly and I began to hate all the characters...no one has any redeeming qualities. Horrible ending.
Good book with a good story thread all the way through - except the ending.  One of those books where you get the end and you just say, ""That's it? That's how it ends?"" Left you feeling disappointed and wanting for better.
Although I was intrigued at the beginning of the book, as I read on I thought the story was too long and drawn out, and much of it was highly implausible.  The only character I even remotely liked was the female detective.
I thought it was a new book but there were blobs on some of the pages and the covering on the spine of the book was ripped and crumpled. It was a gift for my daughter so I probably should have just gone to Barnes and Noble
I'm not sorry I read it. It was fantastic....but the ending is awful. It was a twisted story, and I'm not sure there was a correct way to finish it. Its worth reading, but be prepared for an unexpected and terrible ending.
I had to read this book to see if it lived up to the hype. It started off reasonably well and then? Just when you think there's going to be this magnificent ending, you get shafted. This book left me saying ""That was it?!
The begginning was slow but as the book went on it becamevery interesting and I could not put the book down.The ending was terrible the writer did not put too muchthought on how the book was going to end.
It was a creative idea but if so many of the situations would have been handled in straight forward manners it wouldn'thave been so dark. I read the book because it was chosen by my book club. I prefer more positive reads.
While the majority of the book was very enveloping and intriguing, the author entirely dropped the ball with how it ended. I understand that the story can't always end the way I would like but this ending was truly awful.
This book had it's peaks and valleys.  I am disappointed in the end. I expected a lot better.  The ending cancelled the vast majority of the exciting peaks within the book.  I feel I wasted time rushing to get to the end.
Very well thought out by the author but totally NOT my thing. The ending was anticlimactic so be ready for that. In the end, I disliked all the main characters. I'm never happy with a book that leaves me feeling this way.
I thought this was going to be some masterpiece but it really was not.  It did move along and I was surprised at times but I really did not like the ending.  Likely the hype surrounding this book caused my disappointment.
While the book is entertaining, it is implausible to the point of getting annoying. I enjoyed reading the book, but was ultimately let down in the end. The ending was original just too unbelievable to give a higher rating
The book is excellent. Great story....with an absolutely diabolical plot. Even though I hated putting it down when real life called, I only gave it 3 stars because I hated the ending. It  was like Flynn ran out of ideas.
Fairly interesting story. Many twists with disappointing outcomes, unbelievable manipulations and actions by the lead characters.I never found myself caught up in the story because there were no victims. Not my favorite.
Loved the storyline, disappointed in the ending, thus giving it 3""stars. Not worth the money I paid for since the ending left me scratching my head wondering ""why?""...""really?""...""oh brother!
Not to ""beat a dead horse,"" but the ending was horrible. I enjoyed reading the book, great page turner that kept me interested.  However, the ending was horrible, I was waiting for a huge ""gotcha momemt"" that never came.
This novel is well-written and the first half is gripping and involving. The use of multiple narrators becomes tiring, however, and by the end I found I was just tired of the characters and felt they deserved each other.
I loved the twist and turns of this story, it is the only thing that kept me reading this book. It was very clever, but no one could like these characters, even if they were related. They are sick and deserve each other.
I enjoyed the book for about 2/3rds of it.  The ending is highly disappointing. Language and structure are not bad at all.  But really, it felt like the author did not know how to unscrew the story after it went too far.
I was really caught up in the book  and enjoyed it until Amy came back. So much thought and cleverness and then nothing. Amy returns and they live day to day torturing each other and then these awful people get pregnant.
I was not impressed with this book.  I nearly abandoned the book several times but I do like to read the books before seeing it in a movie so I persisted until the end...Just terribly dragged out and unbelievable.
This may a rare book that at the conclusion, you are not sure who the hero/villain was, nor are you sure you even liked each character, yet the same characters kept you turning page after page and chapter after chapter.
While the novel was gripping and I hated putting it down, I absolutely hated the ending. Some parts tended to drag on. Overall it was a really good novel in the first half, then in the second half things just got weird.
The book has a million twists and turns and is very surprising all the way to the end. I just didn't like how it ended but all in all I love a book that you can not predict what's next! I also love her book dark places.
I found this book hard to get into, then began to appreciate the way the story was playing out. However, I thought there were too many gimmicks, and the ending struck me as a cop out, not to mention highly unbelievable.
I got this book because of all the great reviews and everyone gushing over it.  I should have known - I rarely like anything the critics like.  I HATED the ending.  Just okay, but not worth all the praise in my opinion.
You wil become emotionally involved in this one....anger, disbelief, surprise & disgust. This is an entertaining read, not a literary gem. Plenty of ups, downs & all arounds! Like most others, I didn't like the end.....
It was a page turner, making me wonder what really happened to Amy.  But I was most disappointed by the ending.  Author seemed to drop the ball entirely.  So many possible endings, and the author just bailed completely.
Nice solid read. Was referred to this from friends and one of my sisters, but it was kind of slow and not captivating like other books that I just couldn't put down.  This was too easy to put down and do something else.
It was an interesting book and a different plot.  But at times, I had to agree with my brother that it was ""just plain wierd""  I probably could have lived without it because I didn't think it was worth the hype.
I had a hard time ""buying into"" the character.  It was not my favorite book, but I would not not recommend it to my book group.  Maybe with the discussion, I would get more enjoyment from the reading experience.
Just getting into this one.  It took a little getting into it because of the jumping back and forth between characters but partly my fault because because of the little time I'd have to read at first.  More into it now.
I absolutely loved the writing in this book. The story line was amazing as were the twist and turns. The ending stunk. Made me think that some other author wrote the last 2 pages of this book. Left me very dissatisfied
I liked the surprises it unfolds as it takes you through the minds of this couple. I did not like the foul language - every other word - seems highly unnecessary! Such a good writer could surely find better vocabulary.
I liked the book up until the last 50  pages. It's a good book, keeps you going all the way until the last two or three chapters. AND I HATED THE ENDING, it feels like its missing the last part. Wouldn't read it again.
This was an okay, read. I'm glad I read it but I think the general idea of the plot was a great one but she could have taken it another direction. The ending was.....not satisfying, I felt the author could done better.
Very intriguing story in the beginning but towards the end just got sloppy with the twists and turns and the ending wasn't very convincing. However, still an insightful commentary on long-term and family relationships.
This is a great read!  I'm not sure about the ending!  It just seemed to stop!  I could not bring it back up.  My tablet is working well, reading another book, so I'm assuming all is well.  Very disappointing!!!  SORRY
I was hooked on this book, but the end ruined everything. The story was gripping and surprising. Gillian Flynn wrote a truly twisted story, but by the end I wished that i could reclaim the hours I had spent reading it.
I liked how the story initially played out and there were some entertaining twists along the way, but ultimately the narrative petered out and the books ends with a whimper.  Worth reading, but save it for the airport.
Disappointed with the ending
I did not love this book. Although it was a fun and interesting read in the beginni g, by midpoint i had predicted the ending and it took a long time to get there. A few twists and turns but too preposterous to enjoy!
Flynn seems to think she is in a creative writing class.  Overly cutsie descriptive makes the reading tiresome. I stopped reading the book in the beginning because of the style, but did go back and finished the story.
Gone Girl"" begins very strongly, immediately drawing the reader in...  grows a bit tiresome by the end, though.  And it becomes increasingly difficult to like the main characters which is usually problematic.
The book is well written and easy to follow.  I don't really enjoy books where all of the characters are unlikeable.  It was an OK read, but not the great book I was expecting.  I would not recommend this to a friend.
After seeing this on the best sellers list for 20 some weeks, I was really anticipating  a great read.  But no, it wasn't great.  Interesting and well-written but not that good.  It's on my Kindle so I may revisit it.
I was riveted with the  many twists and turns in the novel.  I was trying to figure out how it would end.  The ending left me wondering how Nick and Amy would reconcile their relationship.  The ending left me hanging.
Really enjoyed book all the way through until the very end!  Without ruining it for anyone it was very anticlimactic.  I read this with my book club and we are 90% in agreement with our disappointment in the ending...
The first half is very long, drawn and dull--the second half is anything but.  The author is an excellent craftsman of putting words together, but the story is gruesome. If you like a feel-good book, THIS IS NOT IT !
I had to really push myself through the beginning of this book. It got good, although crazy in part 2. And the end totally felt like the writer gave up & just stopped writing. I was really disappointed by the ending.
I gave this a 3 because I really did not like the ending.  The suspense kept going until the end and the whole was twisted enough that I could'nt put the book down.  However, some of the twists were very unrealistic.
I liked the book well enough and it definitely kept me turning pages as quickly as I possibly could, but the ending was a joke.  I can't imagine reading another novel by this author for fear of another crappy ending.
Falls short, especially with all of the far-reaching details. It definitely is captivating at moments, but in the end, I am less inclined to read another Gillian Flynn novel for fear of another disappointing ending.
This was an interesting read, but damn if marriage is painted as prison or something. It's a tad depressing, but an enthralling look into messed up people's brains. I was engrossed even though I saw the movie first.
Ok...I just finished reading the book and I felt it was great until the last few chapters...It really felt like it was too much crammed in and just rushed.. The book was great up to the ending...Just felt  deflated.
I would have gave it five stars but because of the ending I give it three.  If the author was trying for Hitchcock, she should have ended it earlier.  I turned the (last) page, and was stunned to see a credits page.
This was chosen as part of our book club. It was definitely an easy, somewhat engaging to read. It kept me turning the page because I just wanted it to end. I found it more on the disturbing, not quite entertaining.
Great suspense throughout entire book, only to end without a real ending that was entirely unbelievable after such extreme events.  Disappointing.  Will have to give less than favorable rating for this reason alone.
The characters infuriated me, couldn't believe how either treated the other! Not the greatest book I've read but was thrilling enough to keep turning the pages.I am looking forward to the movie for comparison.
I really did like the middle of this book, the notes and treasure hunt idea was unique and the general story was great. Love how you hated loved and hated Nick and Amy in turn...still not sure how I feel overall...
I felt let down at the end. I wanted the loose ends tied up. While I realize it wasn't a romance with a happily ever after, I still felt a little cheated but have to admit, the book kept me interested until the end
Good read. This story had lots of ups and downs with very strong mixed emotions. Disappointed in the ending a little. The story doesn't seem final, like the writer just got bored, or maybe was thinking of a part 2.
I'm not done reading it yet, It isn't a book I can't put down, I don't care for the way it was written, a chapter for the wife and a chapter for her husband, going back and forth, but I will eventually get it read.
I think the hype on this book ruined it for me.  I really looked forward to reading it, then seeing the movie.  Now I am sad I wasted my time reading it and certainly won't see the movie.  It just wasn't that good.
I feel as though I made myself finish this book. I believe I honestly would have quit at about page 175, too ridiculous and too mental of a relationship for me to. continue. definitely will not be seeing the movie.
I really liked this book in the beginning.  But the more I read, the more I began to suspect certain things that came to be.  I was very angry and disappointed at the end of the book.  I didn't like the conclusion.
This book was very intriguing in the beginning but the middle got so far fetched, it was just silly AND I really did not like the ending.  I rewrote the ending in my mind.  I would have done such a better job! :-)
It was initially a turnoff. The more I read the more tolerable it became.Very unusual style,slowly evolving. Mixed feelings about rhe ending, but I stuck with it! Don't know as I recommend it as enjoyable reading.
Not sure what all the hype was about. The plot twist was incredibly predictable. The storyline depressing. Neither of the characters likeable or even remotely sympathetic. The ending was really the only good part.
With all the reviews this book and now movie had been getting I just had to read the book.  Sorry, I just wasn't that impressed.  I didn't like the ending and I thought it was very slow to start.  Just not my fav!
This was my first novel by G. Flynn--it was a good read with lots of suspense...until the end--didn't see that coming at all! So, I wasvery disappointed! Expected more based on how the story was unfolding...
Great twists, but a ""stressful"" read! I'm still scratching my head trying to figure out which character was the most insane! This is the first time I've read Gillian Flynn.... I think I'll try Dark Places.
Writing was strong but a little precious at times for me.  Structure was interesting and added to the enjoyment.  But overall the ugliness and sadness left me a bit cold.  I wish I could have given it 3.5 stars...
This book started off as a very interesting story, then it became a great whodunit.  Unfortunately it deteriorated with far too much detail and a very unsatifying ending.  I couldn't recommend this book to anyone.
This story has a twist and turn on every page; but I didn't like the ending. The characters are deeply developed and the dialogue is exceptionally good. The author is truly intelligent. Still a bit wordy at times.
I loved the book all the way through until the ending.  The ending was just plain dumb.  I'm giving it 3 stars for the great story and loved the twist of the psycho wife.  Taking 2 stars off for the crappy ending.
This book was good in the beginning. Once you get halfway through it is okay. The ending in my opinion kind of sucks. Really no matter what happens no one will ever be gone in this book. Except for maybe his soul.
Yes, the plot intrigues by way of its unexpected twists and turns. But both lead characters are disgusting people. I could not identify with -- much less root for -- either one. And the story's end is plain poop.
the first half is great. Altho the first pages aren't as well written as much of it. The second half isn't quite as good, a little farfetched.. But a fun read overall when there is so much dismal stuff out there!
The plot is so unbelievable that one keeps attached to the story to see how it really will end. I actually enjoyed reading it but is have trouble recommending it because the plot can be retold in three sentences.
Psychological thriller? The story line is good but I found some of the characters did not have much substance and I was asking more questions than the book would give me.Hope the movie does the book justice
The story line held some big surprises.  The characters were well developed and fatally flawed.  I found myself thinking about the characters for days after I finished reading it.  A good read, just not superior.
I bought it because it was very popular and on the best seller list for a long time, however I must say, it wasn't until towards the end that it grabbed me as a reader and then the end was weak and disappointing.
I though there was a lot of backstory which made the start slow. The middle of the book was really exciting. The end was, in my opinion, a complete let down!  I really do hope the ending is changed for the movie!
I enjoyed most of the book and I thought it was well written because the story line was interesting and the plot is well constructed.  I really hated the sick relationship that the ending revealed,  it was toxic.
An uncomfortable story starring two protagonists it is difficult to like. Some violence, lots of foul language - the moral of this story seems to be that miserable nasty people deserve each other. Ick - move on.
I cannot get over the fact that he STAYS at the end! Setting us up for a sequel? I didn't like the first book (liked the movie less) that much so I won't be waiting for a sequel! The whole premise was strange...
Lost a couple stars for the ending. I don't think the ending lived up to the rest of the book. It felt rushed, and not at all as intriguing as the beginning and middle, like Flynn was going to miss her deadline.
I could not get into her writing style.  We were hopping from one spouse to the other spouse in the first person.  I finished it but not one of my favorite books.  I guess I'll see the movie.  I like Matt Damon.
I really enjoyed the book, the way it was told through both perspectives of the main characters. The book is very unpredictable and fun to read. I have given it the stars because I wasn't thrilled by the ending.
I thought that the book was just okay. It wasn't all that it was built up to be. I've seen and heard reviews saying that the book is much better than the movie. If that's the case, the movie must be very boring.
I was looking forward to reading this before seeing the movie. I was disappointed in both. Very shallowly written characters. There was no one in the book or movie that I cared about, so mostly I was just bored.
This book has good character development and interesting plot.  However, my rating is based on the fact that the first half of the book is very difficult to get into almost causing me to stop reading altogether.
It's hard to like a book when you don't really like the characters. I found it quite exciting in the middle and liked the set-up of the plot but by the end, I lost patience with them both. What a strange ending!
While on the one hand,the novel definately kept me wanting to keep reading, ultimately I found the it to be way to formulaic in style. And in the end I had a rather "" so what "" reaction to the characters
Slow read until next phase of book.  Superficial and not worthy of recommendation or upcoming book club.  I can totally see that the author has more experience to explore. The ending is totally upsurd!!!!!!!!!!!
Good read but a bit far fetched for realism.Not likely the outcome.  Amy had too many flaws to never have been caught.But a reasonable read for pure entertainment.  Might make decent mid level movie.
I haven't finished the book yet but am enjoying it.  We all know people like Amy and I look forward to the ending.I finished the book and the ending was dumb.  The story was good but the end was very weak.
Fun story to read, but became so implausible, I found myself rolling my eyes quite a bit - particularly when the author insults you and me (that is correct grammar) by writing what I just did in the parentheses.
Loved this psychological drama.  Hated the ending.  Kind of like the author ran out of steam at the end and just gave up.  I wanted to write another three chapters so readers wouldn't be left hanging in the air.
First of all, I *love* books that let you know Things Are Not As They Seem. So, without, knowing much about this book except that it was supposed to be a page-turner, I was prepared to like it. (Linwood Barclay's Never Look Away was that kind of book.) That creeping feeling that there's something just around the corner or a plot twist that will make you go back and question what you thought at first? Count me in. And that's what this book was, for about the first half.But, for me, this was like taking a ride in a car along a dark road and then lurching wildly through the woods, then plowing into the water, then being attacked by bears, and finally being abducted by aliens. I'm fine with stetching plots, but this became ridiculous and I lost interest long before the end. The writing was very good but the massive plot holes and unbelievable characters just did me in.I think what I would have wanted was the level of the first part continued: the is she or isn't he? -- but the book quickly lost that level of subtlety and veered off into crazy land. I'm fine with dysfunction (well, in literature), fine with characters who have major flaws, but I need *something* to hold together.
Good book, hate the ending.
The story itself was great; first you side with the wife. Then you side with the husband. But the ending sucked. ""I just wanted to have the final word"" and proof, it's over. I'm hoping the movie does it better.
This is a crazy novel! So crazy I'm still trying to work out whether I enjoyed it or not! If you want manipulation of one marital partner's mind by another - and the reverse - then you've got it here in trumps.
It was a really good book until the ending, It felt rushed and unbelievable. I should have listened to the other reviews, they were correct.  It would be a great book if the writer re wrote the ending. Too bad.
I had fun reading this book, it was hard to put down.  The ending of this book was very disapointing, as if the writer had nothing more to say. I would have given it more stars if the ending had been less lazy.
The characters are despicable, conniving, and evil. There is little joy to be had in reading this book. But, it gets under your skin, and keeps you going, until you reach the end feeling both sad and irritated.
The lst few chapters did not keep my interest.  The ending was a surprise but I didn't like it.  I have mixed feelings about the story: I kind of like it but at the same time it is not one of my favorite books.
This book was was smart, rivoting and kept me actively engaged from beginning to end! Great perspective and really twisty turny! BUT, THE VERRRY END...was unsatisfactory to say the least. I was disappointed. :(
The beginning was boring then it got really really good and then all of a sudden its over like you lost the ending like the end of the book didn't down load it was missing. Very good book except for no ending.
it had my attention for quite awhile, but then it got just a little ""too clever""  I also will not ruin an ending but it was like the author just gave up at the end and didnt want to finish it cleverly.
Did not feel the conclusion solved any of the complications that this couple had created in their relationship.  Was the expected child supposed to remedy the infidelity or the quirks of the wife's behavior???
I enjoyed the flow of the novel, but having a content page at the beginning killed the suspense somewhat.  This may not exist in the Paperback edition but it does on the Kindle.  Enjoyable without being great.
It took me a very long time to get into this book. For me the author went into too much detail (some not even pertinent). Almost didn't want to finish it but I forced myself.  It did get better toward the end.
Loved the story at the beginning even liked the middle but the story faltered after that up until the last part I would of given it a 5 told every one it's a great mystry/ love story but became to weird mudded
I gave this only 3 stars because I never could really like the characters. The story, however, was compelling. I liked the way the chapters were laid out, one from Nick's point of view and the next from Amy's.
Did not like the writing style. Struggled through first half, took til the second half to get invested in the story. Did a lot of just skimming in the first half. Would not read any other books by this writer.
This is a decent book.  It is definately at page turner at times but I feel the ending was lacking.  It left a lot of loose ends and made you go ""huh?"".  I would of rather borrowed it from the library.
Strong but not likable characters. Had to force myself to continue reading well into the second half of the story however enjoyed the remainder of the story and have recommended ""Gone Girl"" to others.
somewhat suspenseful--but hard to become involved with such self-absorbed people; and when you do get to know them, they are not people with whom one would even want to have a glass of wine, let alone dinner.
What a  whacko story.  This is what all the fuss is about on TV?  I read this book because of all the  promotion  on TV...It's a bit ""far fetched""  No doubt it kept reading attention but not worth the $7,99
I really wanted to like this book. I have friends who enjoyed it immensely. I found it difficult to like either character and figured out the twist well before the end. It's a good-enough read, but not great.
Unless the author is setting herself up to write a sequal, the ending is less than satisfying. The characters are very interesting, the story line is unique but I would probably not read another of her books.
I stopped reading this book towards the end. It actually started to irritate me. Finally just finished it and have to say that I found it moderately entertaining. The first half of the book was a page turner.
I liked the book for the plot & the twists & turns, the suspense. The ending...I don't know.  The ""language""  I didn't care for. I can handle a few ""F"" bombs but this had far too many for me.
I hated the ending. The book was well written and kept you interested the entire time, but the ending was ridiculous. It was almost like the author just got sick of writing and found a way to end it quickly.
By the end of the book I disliked the two main characters, maybe the movie will be better than the book.  If you like twisted characters, this book is for you.  I just desperately wanted someone to root for!
Interesting concept, Amy is an excellent character. Not a huge fan of Flynn's writing style, inconsistent between formal and informal. Well-organized, great plot. Ultimately unsatisfying ending. Decent read.
very slow start to get to the main theme of story.  Very strange plot and story. I skimmed most of the read. Strange characters. I will probably see the movie, but not sure how the movie will tell the story.
the first half of the book was boring, it took me forever to read it because I kept falling asleep. the second half was better the story picked up and was more interesting but was hoping for a better ending.
I wanted to like this book, I really did.  I tried.  But in the end I couldn't.  It was the first time that I had read a book by Gillian Flynn.  I will have to try another book by her before I write her off.
It was a fascinating story but I did not like the way it ended. Sort of left me with a feeling of hopelessness! so these two are going to spend the rest of their lives together looking over their shoulder's?
Not too thrilled with  the story as a whole. You figure out early on that it can only go a few ways. It's crazy and crazy wins. Not my favorite, but I understand why a lot of people seem to like it. I guess.
I can see why everyone loves this book. It's well-written and hard to put down at times. But the last quarter of the book begins to drag and the ending is....well enough to lower the rating to 3 stars for me
I really enjoyed this book until the ending. The story kept me interested and couldn't put it down. But when I reached the ending I was really disappointed. I really wanted to see it go one way or the other.
I felt the book started out very slow. First half just drug. Very overly descriptive in my opinion. For those reasons I didn't think it was so great. Interesting storyline (eventually), but not my favorite.
A very bizarre book.  I couldn't put it down though.  I can't describe it other than I kept waiting for the stories to turn around, but they didn't.  Looking forward to seeing how they make it into a movie.
It was entertaining and a good read, but I did not like the ending. I felt that it was well written all along and kept the suspense going, but once I got to the end, I felt like it was ""unfinished.
The book kept you guessing for a while which was good.  Gillian did a nice job of developing her characters.  You did feel like you got to know them well and I reacted to her descriptions as if I knew them.
Was not as impressed as I had hoped I'd be.  Found myself a bit bored by the end of the book and absolutely hated the ending.  Heard the movie is better than the book which I find is almost never the case.
I recently read the book, and it falls short of my expectations. Neither the plot nor the characters were exceptional in any way; it was all rather predictable.  It's a "" beach read"", nothing more.
The format is a bit confusing at first and then it just kind of dragged on.  There were a few interesting twists & turns but if I had a choice I probably wouldn't have read it.  That's my personal opinion.
Thought provoking and interestingly written but way too long.  Could be condensed into a 1 hour Law and Order or maybe 2 hour Lifetime movie.  Actually wouldn't be surprised if that was where it came from.
I gave this book three stars but it was a good read.  A little confusing sometimes.  I had a love/hate relationship with Gone Girl.  I did not love the ending but I'm glad I read it.  I would recommend it.
The story was interesting and provocative (left me thinking about how people go about their lives), but I felt like the writing could have been a little tighter in spots. Ending left me with mxed feelings.
I seldom read popular fiction - the plots are too contrived, the characters too superficial. But this was recommended as being well written, which it was, with a well thought-out plot and sound insight into the disintegration of a marriage, which it had, initially.It is written in the first person, alternate chapters switching between husband and wife, Nick and Amy, giving their take of events. We meet an intensely irritating, bubbly bimbo in Amy, with her syrupy diary entries. Had there not been the relief of Nick's down-to-earth accounts alternating with Amy's, I may have baled without finishing the book. However, the package was engaging enough to hold my attention sufficiently to race to the finish line in record time, although I was starting to flag two-thirds in.Unfortunately, even though Gillian Flynn uses language and grammar well (with alerts to the simple-minded reader that she is doing so), the story unravels as it progresses, climaxing in a rather disappointing and far-fetched finale.This may not have been her best work, so when I am in the mood for a light read in future, I may consider one of her earlier books.
The most horrifying book that I couldn't put down. I hated both of the characters but I wanted to keep reading but I couldn't wait for it to end. It left me with an ""ick"" feeling afterward though.
When I read this book it was strangely like the plot of the book: wanting to be perfect and to finish but at the same time the whole thing was toxic. Mixed feelings about this one darker then I am used to
I'm on the fence about this book.At first I didn't think I'd like the style but then I got used to it.it had a high point t for me where I got excited,but then it just dropped off.Not one of my favorites.
Seriously annoyed with the ending. I will not go see this movie because of the ending. Didn't like. Very disappointed that I wasted my time and money to read this book and be so pissed off at how it ends.
Honestly, given all the hype behind this book I was disappointed.  So much build up only to end in such an unsatisfying way, for me at least.  Maybe her intention was to polarize readers about the ending.
Really enjoyed the story and the writing was very natural and engaging. The end, while I liked the concept of it (trying not to give away spoilers!) felt like it just ran out of steam. A bit disappointing
I had a difficult time getting started reading.  The pace and the cadence grew on me.  The ending will leave the reader scratching their head.  I read it several times and still am not sure what happened.
Really enjoyed this book with all the twisted weird thinking  and doings of Amy BUT  the ending was such a disappointment. Left me thinking the author got tired of the story and just wanted it to be over.
Several friends recommended this to me, so I expected it to be a really good read.  I found it to be only moderately interesting, and was surprised to hear there is going to be a movie based on this book.
This book is a bit twisted but not in ways the reader can't predict. The author gives clues that are a bit obvious. Overall, it is an easy read and I look forward to the movie coming out with Ben Afflack.
What a disappointment. It's like the author got tired and just quit. That really sucks because I enjoyed all the twists and turns....until the ending when it went flat and straight and dumb and boring. :(
While the book was well written and characters vividly portrayed, the whole thing was just disturbing.  I tend to like lighter books and/or ones without such a disturbing theme so this one was not for me.
I wasn't my favorite read.  It was disorganized and kept jumping around.  Maybe it was just the sadistic nature of the story telling that got me.  It was a read that kept me going though, that's for sure.
I considered this book because it was recommended as being a good mystery read.  I personally did not care for the way it was written in diary text.  I thought it was a little strange and not my favorite.
I was half way through it before I understood what was taking place.  It was hard to follow because it was back and forth.  Also, it was too drawn out.  In the end I liked it but did not enjoy reading it.
From the first pages I read I knew something wasn't quite right in this story.  Strange tale.  Definitely original.  I could not relate to the characters or the odd manner in which the story was written.
This novel had me engrossed from the beginning, but as soon as I read the first few chapters I had figured out what was to come, so when it happened I was disappointed. I also found the end unfulfilling.
I think the story went pretty slow.  Frequently the writer spent too much time describing the morning sun, the smell of a flower, or the sounds of the city.  The investigation story was very far fetched.
Well, at least the two main characters. I don't think I've ever cheered so hard for someone to fail. I recommend this book to anyone who gets a kick out of the protagonist being someone you love to hate.
Liked the book but didn't love it. Characters were really interesting, but a little bit too much of the f-bomb. Seemed like the creativity of the rest of the book kind of stopped short with the language.
This would have been a 5 star rating until I got to the end of the story. A real let-down. Almost as if the author got tired and decided to quit. Considering how the book ended is a sequel in the works??
This was well written, but not my type of book.  Modern day thrillers make me feel anxious and a little ill.  I would not recommend it to anyone I care for. I do appreciate surprising twists and endings.
I did not like the ending, I felt that she needed to be punished by at least losing her husband! What kind of life is that child going too have?The irony that they deserved each other was not lost on me.
I finally managed to finish this book.  Will not  recommend it to anyone.  I only finished it because someone recommended that I should read it, and I felt I owed her the courtesy of seeing how it ended.
I'm not sure what all the hype is about for this book. It's was a good read but not a ""great"" book as I'm hearing. Hoping Ben Affleck will compliment it more in the movie coming out this October.
Overall, I enjoyed the book.  The story kept you on the edge of your seat waiting for the next revelation to take you by surprise.  While I enjoyed the tale immensely, the ending left much to be desired.
Book was ok - based on all the excitement generated by others, I found myself underwhelmed by the story.It was an interesting plot construction, just not worth the raves that the book has received.
I wasn't as impressed with this story as everyone else seemed to be. I thought it was supposed to be about marriage, but for me it was just a story about a crazy person. It was okay, but that's about it.
Slow and negative feel. If you are negative in a relationship get out of it. The book led me to the feel of make the most of a bad situation. A warped person should be removed from a parenting situation.
Characters are very well portrayed enabling the reader to know them; however a few are not what you'd befriend.  The suspence and surprise turns of the plot are exciting and keep you reading.  Well done.
A little dark for my taste
Can't an author write without using filthy language?  I KNOW there is literary license, but we, the public, don't live our lives with filthy,raunchy expletives.  Story is fine,but language is not.
The book held my attention because of the twists and turns, but I didn't like the two main characters very much and I worried about the kind of parents they would be to the baby they ended up expecting.
All through reading I couldn't wait til the end until the end. My hope is that the movie version will change the end to something more realistic. Looking forward to seeing the movie now with high hopes.
This was a good book, although I had a hard time keeping my interest in the beginning.  Once you get thru a few chapters it does get interesting and gets better.  I would recommend it for a 'good read'.
I started reading this book months ago and found it a hard read. I got 30% through and quit. I picked it up last week and finished it today. Weird concept.  Twisted. Not sure if I like it or despise it.
If Miss Flynn had put as much thought into the end of her book as she did the first 82.6%, it would have been one of the best books of our generation. As it was left, it's very ""meh."" And disappointing.
Nothing new to peak your interest and too many parts that dragged on with repetition.  There were some great lines that made me laugh out loud which I don't do easily.  Worth the time it takes to read.
The ending was awful! Amazing writing throughout the whole book and then a totally crappy, lazy ending. I loved it so much, I couldn't put it down but the end is so horrible I thought it was a mistake.
The book used too much Profanity, otherwise a good book. Had to reread several pages to refresh memory when I picked up the book the next day.  Much thought and planning was put into writing this book.
I'm not sure if its today's style or if its my selection of authors but this read resembled my last: entertaining yet devoid of substance.  It was like biting  into a Philly cheese steak with no steak.
Maybe I went into this book with too great an expectation, but I found this book to be both depressing and unrealistic.  I probably heard too many over the top reviews; that may have been the problem!?
I rated ""Gone Girl"" as it's okay. I'm  only half way through and I've read several other books since starting it. To me that indicates something is wrong, but not enough to delete it quite yet.
Good story and good read.. Didn't care for the ending.. Anti-climatic for my taste... Felt like a let down.. Investing so much time in reading and being engulfed in the story for an ending like that..
I liked it until the end of the book. Not my favorite ending. It is amazing how just the ending soured the whole book for me. It was still a very well written book. I didn't want to put the book down.
Couldn't put it down because I was hoping for a few more twists at the end to make the story seem somewhat fathomable, but that may have been the worst ending possible.Good entertainment though.
The first half of the book was slow moving, but it picked up during the second half. The plot was formulaic, and it was fairly obvious how the story would end. The writing was clear but uncomplicated.
It's a great book to read while traveling, first part was very exciting because you could actually relate to it,the second bit tedious because the characters became so out there and unrealistic.
I found this book interesting. I liked the first half of the book better than the last. I thought the characters were worth reading about, until the ""girl"" came into the story. I hated where it ended.
The writing felt a bit juvenile to begin with but I got used to it. Kept reading because I wanted to know what happened. Not quite sure about all the hype around this book though. It's quite average.
Half of the book.... Literally half! Was incredibly slow. Then, when it finally picked up, it was over in a flash. I feel like I wasted my time reading the first half... Could have been setup better.
I was really looking forward to reading this book. The beginning was great! The end, not so much.  And the middle is ok. The end is very anti-cliamatic. But the author pulled me in so I kept reading.
I found the book to be ok in regards to psychological thrillers.  I felt the characters weren't very deep and that the story itself was the same....I certainly didn't think it was worth all the rave.
After staying up late and missing half of a day of vacation to finish this book, the end was so frustrating but I am temped to think that this is an open door to a follow up. Is there a Gone Girl II?
The synopsis of the book sounded really interesting so I bought it and the whole book was great until I got to the end. It was like they didn't know how to end the story. I hate it when that happens!
I was bored in the beginning but I was curious to see what was ahead. Got a little more interesting as I read on. But still I would not rate this a 5 star , maybe a 3. Was disappointed in the ending.
It was tough getting started. I skimmed several pages/chapters before I could really get into the book. But once the first twist was read I really liked it......until the end. Didn't like the ending!
I thought the writing was excellent but the story line was really out there.  The ending was unsatisfying in that Flynn left her main character in a hopeless situation that was bizarre to begin with.
I really liked the way this book was written and the twists and turns were believable and smooth. I hated the way the ending was written & felt the author dropped a bomb to just get the book finished
Writing is excellent and very interesting.  Couldn't put it down.  But ending is not satisfying in the least.  With a story this complex and twisted, you need resolution and satisfaction in the end.
Engrossing as this book was, I must say it is a very strange concept to me. The charactersAre easy to see in one's mind, but the thought of someone being this vindictive is beyond my thoughts.
Wild book. Creative structure. Unsatisfying ending, but then, life goes on for some, in horrifying situations. So maybe Flynn wants us to know that Nick is in hell, or prison, with his Satanic wife.
I had heard a lot about the ending. It was a tad disappointing but maybe there will be Gone Girl Returns. It drug by at times but overall, I am glad I read it and missed reading it when it was over.
I enjoyed the book very much until the ending; it's not a 'reality ending' most people would choose. This was the first book I've read by this author; I would be willing to try another of his books.
Not sure characters were believable personas. Plot felt contrived overall. Essentially, a mirror image of Fatal Attraction. Some of the writing was clever/entertaining, but quality was inconsistent.
I can't believe I'm saying this I was not impressed with this story maybe because of the ending. That's all I can say don't want to spoil it any more than I already have. I hope you enjoy gone girl.
It started out great, I couldn't put it down and I was telling everyone how much I was enjoying it. But it fizzled the longer it went, and I found the ending so disappointing. So I'm just meh on it.
The story itself was riveting and enticing since I had already read, ""Dark Places"". That said, the ending was an extreme let down. Enjoy the story as it is and don't expect much for the end.
Interesting plot and narrative. A book needs to get my attention or I stop reading it. This book got my attention. But then It seemed to drag towards the end. And I was disappointed with the ending.
This was a great book!  It really had me captured throughout the beginning and middle!  But I felt like the ending really killed the story.  I would have given it 5 stars if the ending was better...
It Did hold My Attention, But Only when I Was Reading It.  It  Took A Lot Of  Thinking To Put It All Together, I'm Sure.  That In Itself deserves Acknowledgement. This Is A GoodWay To Fill The Time.
I have to say....there were parts if this book that literally I did not see coming at all. It is well written and overall a good read. But I just didn't love the end....I get it but I didn't love it
It was intriguing to read, the twists and turns made it one where you could not guess at the ending.  My personal opinion is that it was a bad ending but then I prefer to have justice and happiness.
I enjoyed this book, it had many twists and turns but the ending was not enough. Interesting and disturbing. It kept me reading but I want a more informational ending. Is there another book to this?
This book is very well written and draws you in. I couldn't read it fast enough wanting o know what happens. The ending is horrible, I finished this book a week so and I'm still upset about the end.
Overall, I enjoyed the book.  It certainly keeps you guessing and is filled with unexpected twists and turns throughout.  But by the end, I was annoyed with the characters and ready for the wrap up.
The story was slow, sometimes redundent, i did not like the style, one character always talking about himself/herself.  I had a hard time staying awake while i read this, consept was hard to believe
This is a very good  but  disturbing book.It was almost hard to read, but I had to finish it. A gripping plot with a difficult situation. I  don't  want to  give up too many details - just read it.
The twist takes a long time coming but it's worth the wait. Intriguing, with a lot of detailing on characters, this one is nice. But I didn't find it as good as I had heard or expected of the book.
I can't tell wether I really liked this book or didn't. I honestly didn't care for the ending but it fit the story. Frustrating, a plot twist at every turn, anger, happiness... It was all in there.
I loved everything about the book until the last quarter.  Its is as if the writer got tired of writing the story.  She went off into Neverland.  The last quarter is a mess really. So disappointed.
Interesting but strange story about a murder gone awry.  Characterization was pretty good; scene setting a little weak; and the storyline bizarre.  I might read another Flynn but not terribly soon.
The characters were not that likeable and eventually I didn't care what happened to them. There were some interesting thoughts and actions but not that interesting. I've already forgotten the book.
This book wasn't what I expected. It kept your interest, but it was a really twisted and super messed up story. It was recommended to me by a friend, but I'm not so sure I'd recommend it to others.
I could not get too interested in the first half of the book and it took me several days to get that far.  The second half was more interesting and kept my attention and I completed it in two days.
I really enjoyed this book at the start but was so disappointed with the silly ending. It was such a shame. I actually felt like I had wasted my time readimg the book.  it had such great potentialz
I thought it was a hard start...it wasn't grabbing my attention....it got to be captivating but I found the ending unsatisfying...I really wouldn't run out and say ""guess what I just read
I thought the movie was better than the book. No doubt the premise of the book is brilliant - and strangely believable - but I don't think I'll be reading another Gillian Flynn book any time soon.
Well constructed with great suspense and pace. I liked reading the story from both the husband and the wife's point of view. Became a bit bored with the contrivance to keep up the plot by the end.
A very twisted read.  I truly don't understand how they made this a movie but to each his own I guess.  The novel captivated me enough to finish it but the ending was not what I thought or wanted.
Like it, don't like it, like it, don't like it. A strange read, a strange story. With VERY strange, twisted characters. But I finished it. Didn't even like the ending. But HAD to see how it ended.
I enjoy the book but regret reading it at the same time. It is too heavy for my mind and I'm not surprised if anyone put it under Horror category. Read it at your own risk (for your mental health)
I didn't think it was going to be very good by reading the first chapter. But the more I read the better it got. It just didn't get as good as I expected it to be after hearing the movie reviews.
Suspenseful movie...the book moves along, but a little more off color than I like.  Those scenes aren't really necessary to the intriguing plot.  This time, the movie may be better than the book!
I thought this was a good book, not great.  It held my interest and had some interesting twists, but it also had parts that were too hard to believe or just too odd.  Not a big fan of the ending.
Took for ever to really get into this book.  I was determined to finish it (took me months to finish) so I could fine out how it ended.  So disappointed in the ending.  Really strange!!!!!!!!!!!!
I would have given the book 5 stars, it was a good read suspenseful and full of surprising twists, but I am very disappointed by the abrupt ending with no closure in fact I'm really ticked off :(
It started out strong and I couldn't put it down. It ended abruptly and left me saying ""really?"". I was disappointed at the end. I felt it could have gone in several different directions.
The book did hold my attention, but it did get tiresome in the ""good guy, bad guy"" scenario.  I took it on vacation and was glad to have an easy and interesting read.  I do recommend  it.
Nothing redemptive about this story.  But an entertaining page-turner that is frighteningly relatable for this married lady!  Amy wins while I wonder what lengths I would go to for the last word.
Not the best book I've ever read. Too many twists and total reversal of of good guy/bad guy roles. I ended up really disliking both main characters. Probably won't read more books by this author.
It's trying to hard to be a really good book, which it is not.  It took me about half-way through before I started to even get into it.I suggested it for our book club, now I wish I hadn't.
Although this was an easy read, and an interesting book, I was let down by the ending. After all the work the writer put into keeping the reader in suspense, it seems to end on a very flat note.
After I finished a book, that had me hooked in the middle with the surprised twist, I found myself let down at the end. It is as if the author realized that it may be too long and just ended it.
It wasn't a poorly written book, but it just wasn't very interesting. I never cared about any of the characters, I just kept slogging through to the end hoping it would redeem itself. It didn't.
This was definitely a page turner. Such twists & turns. Who can think of this stuff? It  was a little disturbing to me. The characters really pulled you in.  Toxic twins could describe these two
The first 75% of this book was awesome.  I could not put it down.  The last 25% of this book was stupid and dissapointing.  I was mad I wasted my time on something that started out so promising.
Good writing, tension builds. I had trouble with the premise, and the ending was unsatisfying to me. It was interesting, almost like a premise, what would happen if a sociopath planned a crime?
A prolonged bath in discomfort: too much time spent with essentially unlikable, if cleverly unreliable, narrators. Perhaps for those who are in it for the puzzle, not the prose...or the people.
Lot of hype over this book. Made into a movie and all. But I've read many thrillers and mysteries better than this.  It did maintain my interest,however. All and all, a bit disappointing.
First third was totally engrossing.  Difficult to put the book down.  However, the last third the plot the characters, etc totally fell apartToo bad as it really started out with a bang!.
This book is so twisted and sick.. I couldn't put it down.  Totally hated the ending. If you want a novel that will totally keep you turning each page this is it!  Just plan to be disappointed.
This book was okay but very predictable. As I was reading I kept expecting there to be a major turn of events or at least an interesting twist in the storyline but there was nothing noteworthy.
Good until the end.Very disappointed!  Very weird ending.After all the buildup  I felt the characters as they were developed in the story would have done something very different than they did.
I found this to be the least best of her three novels. None of the characters were particularly appealing or sympathetic. Her first two books, Sharp Objects being the first one, are WAY better.
Not my favorite and would not have read it had it not been suggested by a friend. It was ""okay"", but not my kind of book.I did finish it, but thought about stopping in the middle.
I don't know.  Stopped reading it halfway through, then took it up again some weeks later.  It was gripping, hard to put down, AND hard to sleep afterwards!  But NOT Nat'l Book Award candidate!
Not one appealing charater in the entire book.  The mystery kept me reading and wanting to find out what would happen to these equally unlikable people, but the ending was less than satisfying.
After being on the NY Times best seller list for over a year, I expected this book to be fantastic.  I was disappointed.  It was good but I have read much better books that never made the list.
Interesting..very thoughtful..alot of detail to the happenings..quite interesting..plot very good..I thought the author gave a great deal of thought to the plot..intriging..dissapointing ending
For someone who watches and reads a lot of whodunit type novels, I thought it started out as a pretty typical tale.  But as the plot unfolds you become more aware of the twists and the twisted.
A very good read that keeps you wishing for the good guy to win but then you realize there is no good guy.  Finished this book disliking the characters, can't  remember last time that happened!
This story has a very cynical slant to it with a very ""hard edge"".  By the end of the book, I was just glad for it to be over.  Then when it was over, the ending was very unsatisfying.
The beginning of the book was sort of an Alfred Hitchcock movie.  You find you really don't like either one of them.  It really is a book you can put down. The story did pick up toward the end
The beginning was a little drab, but after the first 125 pages I was hooked and I rooted for Nick the entire way! Without giving spoilers I will say I HATED the ending I wanted better for him!
Interesting plot with strong if unlikeable characters.  I disliked the unrelentingly profane language.  The ending was great as the protagonist grew enough to look beyond his solipsistic self.
Amy is a sick, twisted mentally ill woman who destroys the life of her husband.  Nick is a weak man who let's his wife control him.  This story was very strange reading.  That's all I can say.
The book started out great! After every chapter it left me wanting to read on...the end of the book was a little rushed. I don't really care for how it ended...that's why overall, it was good.
Interesting story and turn of events. Amazing Amy really thought of everything!!  Slow to start, but picks up into a good read.  Some parts were predictable, but the course definitely changed!
Good story with plenty of plot twists. No real redeeming message and a little short on character development. Will no doubt be seen on some beaches this summer as a nice easygoing summer read.
The 1st part is amazing and may get even 5. From 2nd it goes down to the end that's very unrealistic to say the least. I had recommended it to a friend but now going to warn about later parts.
Be warned, the characters start off quite dark and depressing. But the plot twists and gets addicting fatter half way through. I usually can forecast the ending but didn't see this one coming.
This book was ok.  It was our book club read.  Most felt the same.  There were some twists in it but, in the end ,I didn't care enough about any of the characters to care what happend to them.
This is a well written book with loads of things for the reader to delve into trying to understand the twist and turns. However the last twist ends up on a dead end road. I expected much more.
Good book. Well written, kept me read reading, but I was able to make predictions halfway through which is frustrating to me.  I like to be tricked, to make my mind think.  Overall an ok book.
Started out promising-- had a good twist midway-- then I felt like the author just got tired and couldn't figure our how to end it. Too bad-- it was fun reading for a good portion of the book.
This book got a lot of hype, but didn't measure up.  It was great fun at first, tedious in the middle and the author didn't get me to believe at the end.  She did set it up well for a sequel.
For me, this book simply took too long to get to the point. If it were tightened up, less introspection on all fronts I would have given it five stars. I think, perhaps, I am in the minority?
Interesting writing style, but I don't see what the big fuss was about. It is well written, but I don't think it's as clever as everyone said, or perhaps it was just built up too much for me.
While I did enjoy reading GONE GIRL, I wasn't as obsessed about it as other people had lead me to believe I would be!  It kept me guessing throughout, but the ending left a lot to be desired.
Most of this book was more of a five star read but the end of it left me sorely disappointed. I actually wondered if I had only gotten part of the book and the last two chapters were missing.
I give Gone Girl 3 stars out of 4.  The character development was good, but some characters begged for more--such as Nick's father.  Overall, the story was engaging and made for a quick read.
I loved reading the book, but really in the end--it's too much psychological toxicity!!! You'll see what I mean, when you finish it.I did love the way Flynn wrote the book though.
Twists and turns kept me reading.  Was never quite sure what side I was on.  The story was well laid out.  The ending too abrupt, almost as if she ran out of story, unless there is a sequel ?
Amy and Nick are a golden couple. One day Amy is gone and details their marriage comes to light. We wonder is anything the way that it seems to be? This is a story with some twists and turns.
pretty interesting read, a little predictable. you hate both the narrators at one point, nice little twists along the way. still can't stomach the ending, but it kept my interest nonetheless.
It was a book that held my interest all the way through until the end.  Very anti-climactic.  I was hoping there would be a twist or a dramatic ending, but there wasn't.  I'd give it 3 stars.
Well written but I found the story very disconcerting.  In the end, I was sorry I had read it.  When i finished it, all I wanted to do was watch a silly TV program to wash it out of my head.
Awesome book, page- turner extraordinaire! Wonderful storyline, descriptive characters with great depth. Worst ending imaginable. Ending was not well thought- out. No closure for the reader.
GOne Girl starts strong and keeps you guessing about poor Nick. But as soon as Gillian reveals whoddunit the narration falls flat. The conclusion is extremely rushed and a bit of a let-down.
The beginning of the book grabs the reader. Then it goes flat at times, then picks up the twists and turns again.  I enjoyed the book but would not list it as a super read. Just a good read.
Then it just got ridiculous and made me mad! I raved to family members and told them to read it....I wasn't finished reading it myself. Once I did finish, I called and told them not to read.
I had been recommended this book & was a bit disappointed.  I know it has been popular, been I just felt this dragged on & on.I didn't have much compassion for any of these characters.
The book started out kind of slow, but picked up in Part 2 and never let up.  Unfortunately, the ending was terrible.  I wanted nothing more than to jump into that book and kill her myself!
Only got 3 stars from me. That's because the ending was soooo bad. Seems to me author is planning Gone Girl 2, that's the only plausible explanation for an ending like that. Loved the rest.
A very quick read. Going back and forth between the two main characters was a nice way for the plot to progress.  It pulled me into the story. Then came the ending.  That deserves no stars.
Okay, points for the well written and constructed skeleton of an emotionally deep and gripping story, but not 100% believable ending. That said, I think I'll check out Flynn's other novels.
Not a genre I read, this was really enjoyable. I had trouble putting it down. The style made it easy to read and just when you guessed what might happen it takes you somewhere else entirely
I read the book in two days, which is a sign of a good book but really I wanted to finish it before my loan ended. Quick read, some predictable twists. Didn't enjoy the end and that's okay.
After reading this book I don't care about seeing the movie.I did not like her character or his.They were both troubled people.I know it was just a book.
It's impossible to put down but is a very dark look at human nature. Well crafted but depressing to me. I stuck through to the end just to see what happened but have NO desire to see movie.
Enjoy the story but HATED the lack of resolution. I felt after investing the time to read it I was ripped off by the ending. I'm afraid to read anything else by this author because of that.
I had a hard time getting into this book, at one point I wanted to know what happened, but it did not keep me very interested and I wound up finishing it only because I always finish books.
Ok book.  Not sure if it lived up to the hype.  Hated the ending...can't say anymore though.  Want to see the movie to see how it ends.  Don't think I will read anything else by her though.
Was an easy read.  Okay beach book for the summer.  Improbable story line and while character development was good, it also felt a bit cluttered.  I did like the format of the narratives...
The writing was very good!  It drew you in on the first page and read well until a little over half the book. The ending was very disappointing. I didn't like any of the characters by then.
Brilliant at the beginning and then completely falls apart at the end.  Goes from an intense psychological suspense novel to something so bizarre and outrageous you just don't care anymore.
Probably not as good as her previous books which I have not read.  I read this after reading a review.  I think it should have said to read the others first to get the most out of the book.
While I'm not a Pollyanna, I found this story of a man-child and a manipulator really sad.  I kept waiting for something redemptive but, once I finished it, I wondered why I wasted my time.
So many twist and turns! It will definitely keep you up wanting to read one more chapter over and over again! LOVE THIS BOOK! The author is absolutely brilliant!  BUT the ending is HORRIBLE
It definitely keeps you reading.  It's a cross between a romance novel and a murder mystery.  People are very clever.  Here's an example of how intelligence can be put to sinister motives.
The beginning and middle really kept my interest.  However, I'm probably the only one who found some parts to be extremely filthy, and the ending left a lot to be desired.  Just saying....
I guess I'm not as enamored of this book as everyone else.  I thought it was a decent mystery but I figured it out well before the reveal.  I'm wondering what kind of movie this will make.
What starts out as a tale with imaginative possibilities falls into a highly improbable and laborious plot. Perhaps I missed something or expected something that didn't really materialise.
Full of unexpected twists and extremely interesting to read. I enjoyed this book thoroughly. The first person narrative was well used, and the characters were both despicable and engaging.
First chapter or two had me hooked. I really enjoyed the story and was really looking forward to how it would turn out. Got to the end and thought. ""That's it??"" Very disappointing
The book was recommended by several friends, so I decided to read it. The storyline was okay; yet, I didn't like the ending and was waiting for something better. It was very anticlimactic.
The book really sucked me in for the 1st 3/4. I love the split narration. Really kept me interested. Unfortunately, I feel as if the book deflated at the end. It felt like an easy way out.
This book took some time to get in to, it starts slow and then grabs you and hooks you in.  I was extremely disappointed with the ending.  I felt sorry for Nick and I hated Amy throughout.
I didn't enjoy this book.  I finished it just to see how it ended.  Too much back and forth with so much repetition of ideas written in different settings.  Tedious read with weird ending
Starts off slow but keeps you on your toes wondering what's next.  You will be surprised of the twist and turns this book takes.  I was disappointed with the ending.  Overall a good read.
I enjoyed the book up until Amy`s return. Her ability to pull off her continued deceptions moved from a stretch to absurd. I do not plan to see the movie nor read any more of this author.
I loved the story line and I loved how surprised I was at certain parts, but the surprise in the end didn't do it for me. I would have liked to see it play out differently. (no spoilers!)
The book was very good from the start. I had a hard time putting my kindle down. I was surprised and a bit disappointed at the end. Anxious to see the movie; heard the ending was changed.
The  book  was  gripping.  and good  reading  but  in  the  end  not  true  psycologically  and  very  far fetched.I  could  spend  my  time  better  with  a  more  worthwhule  book
I found this book started out slow, then got great, and by the end I felt let down again.  Personally I felt it didn't live up to the hype but it was enjoyable enough to start and finish.
The book is well written, with complex characters and interesting psychological insights into the characters' inner mental makeup.  The plot power, however is somewhat rote, predictable.
First part was Great!  I couldn't put it down.  The rest became unbelieveable when unbelievably stupid things were done.....love her writing style, so I'll try another of her novels.....
The book in my opinion has no character that is likable. I trudged my way through looking for redeemable qualities, but never felt good about rooting for anyone.  Just not my cup of tea.
I thought the book held my interest until the end. However I felt the ending was weak. This is the first book I have read by Gilligan Flynn and I am not motivated to read another by her.
This book took the worst parts of marriage and blew them out of proportion to make a hardly believable story. The end was so abrupt that I kept looking to see if I missed the last pages.
When I got to the ending I felt like I wasted my time reading this book. I waited months to read it, and I was disappointed. Don't get me wrong it was a great book up until the end. Ugh!
I chose this rating because while I enjoyed the story, although it was sometimes disturbing, there was no end.  I found myself wanting to finsh and kept looking for the end of the story.
I found this book a bit annoying... I finished reading it because I wanted to know what would happen, and because it came so hightly recommended but I found the characters very annoying.
Started out enticing but fell flat and got a bit boring near the end.  didn't like the end.  I love mysteries and thrillers, but I have read better ones that kept up the suspense longer.
It was one of those books that are great while you're reading, but once you put it down, you don't think about again. Some of the chapters went by too slow, but all in all, it was good.
Well written, very well thought out.For someone so brilliant there were open issues that deserve a response. Didn't care for the ending except that it left things open for another book.
Great story concept and well written, but as the story approaches the ending, things become less and less believable.  It's a Sleeping With The Enemy story, but not nearly as well done.
S l o w with no surprises. i would have ""gone"" too. and then i went to see the film. why?  all the conceited jerks should have been slaughtered by ISIS in first chapter. the end
I started out liking it but it seemed to get too unrealistic. I would have liked it better if either one of the main characters was likable. Curious what the movies slant on it will be.
Interesting book, kept me reading, but not a huge fan of the ending. Will not spoil it for everyone, but I wished it had gone a different route.  Would recommend for a good, quick read.
This novel is rather dark in content.  It does have an element of suspense, but this is the story of a sick relationship and a sick woman who practically makes her husband sick as well.
Despite its popularity, Gone Girl is an expected - and not particularly well-written - read. Entertaining but not revolutionary, and consisting of main characters who are both bad guys.
The book kept me interested, but I didn't like the ending at all. i doubt I would recommend this book to anybody, I wouldn't waste there time. Of course I like happy endings in a story.
If you want a read to help you while away some time when travelling choose this book, it probably won't remain a part of your future but it's enough to keep you engaged for a few hours.
This  thriller was almost too much to deal with.  The flawed characters, mainly Amy and Nick were almost unbelievable in their love hate relationship. Anything goes in the name of love.
This book was fantastic until I reached the end. The two points of view were excellent writing.  I think it needs a better ending. There was this buildup and then a let down at the end.
I resisted buying this, even though it was on the bestseller list for months.  But I used a gift card and finally got it.  I did enjoy the book, but the ending was a big disappointment.
I was disappointed in this book.  Both of the main characters were totally unlikeable, and the plot was slow, slow, slow. Overall it might make a good beach read, but I didn't like it.
While I thoroughly enjoyed this book it has a very slow start to it and I was disappointed with the ending. It was a very easy read And once I got into the book I couldn't put it down.
The first three quarters of the book were awesome-- I couldn't put it down!  Then it fell off and the only reason I finished it was out of some moral obligation to finish what I start.
Started with a great idea, but it seemed the author didn't know where to go with it. Almost stopped at 91% complete, but slogged through to the (setting-up-for-possible-sequel) ending.
I enjoyed the first half of the book. After that it began to drag. The second or third part of the story got interesting again and then it was fantasy! I didn't like the ending at all.
It was great!!!  Then the author seemed to run out of steam and the ending was awful!  Not happy that I felt I wasted days reading a book where the ending just fizzles out.  ::SIGH!!::
The beginning was super, the end dragged on and on.  One to ten I give it a 6.  Written like diary entries from major characters  perspectives.  At times cool but needs to move faster.
Thought it was going to be interesting.  Half way through I couldn't put it down.  After that it got weird and the ending was awful.  Sorry I wasted my time.  Will not go to the moving
Just when I thought someone couldn't be that crazy...wow..shockin at every corner...I did not like the ending though, I'm not sure if it was a cliff hanger but I didn't like the end...
This book started out boring, got good, then never ended!  How disappointing.  The only thing I can think of is that there is going to be a sequel?  The Mockingjay had a better ending.
Just wasn't crazy about the story.  Too far fetched for me.  I personally prefer books a little more believable. It was well written but I am just not a fan of Gillian Flynn's stories.
While it was a decent mystery, there were no likeable characters, no redemption, and a terrible ending.  The book left you feeling frustrated and outraged.  Totally unbelievable story.
I came to this novel from all the hype. There are no likeable characters here. The two main characters are flawed, deeply so, and although the novel is interesting, it's not involving.
I was really enjoying this book but the ending was terrible. Just terrible. The 3 stars is for the first half of the book. Now I heard they are making a movie of this book?  No Thanks.
The ending left you feeling disappointed and kind of mad that you wasted your time reading the book. There were so many ways to wrap it up, and she chose the least creative/boring way.
This book disturbed me. It was interesting. It was a page turner, but in the end I thought, ""Are you kidding me?"" It made me wonder about the author's mental health. Seriously.
Had to down grade it for the lousy ending.  It was almost like the author got tired of it or had to make a deadline.  It was a bit predictable towards the end but it was a decent read.
Very weird and convoluted story.Didn't like the characters - but I guess that was the planBut it was well written and I finished the book - needed to see how it would end.
The story was not so great.  Don't understand how this book was so popular.  It was strangely written and that's all I have to say about this story.  Too expensive for a kindle story.
I really liked the book but was disappointed by the ending.  It left too much open and I would have liked to have seen more from the characters, it just left me hanging and wondering.
A quick read, but it didn't offer many surprises and the ending was disappointing. It felt like the author couldn't think of a good way to end it and just put together a quick ending.
Figured out what was going on very early on in the read.  Felt like the end of the book was a cheap shot, like the author had just run out of ideas or energy so left everyone hanging.
The reversal of roles in headline news stories was forced and contrived. There are no indications of psychopathology until it jumps into the story, fullblown, but not very believable.
I got this book because it really sounded good and it was on the best seller list. It was an awesome book, but the ending was horrible. Seriously, they couldnt think of anything else?
I could not put this book down and its been a long time since I've been able to say that. HOWEVER, the ending ruined it all!!  I actually screamed out loud, ""ARE YOU SERIOUS?
I enjoyed the beginning of the book, the way it kept me enthralled, great imagination but coming to the end it started getting ludicrous & of course I was disappointed with the ending
The book turns for the worse after the twist, imo.  It's a page turner to be sure, but essentially amounts to being two different books wound together. Be mentally prepared for that.
Hope the movie is better than the book.  Painful and almost stopped reading more than a few times.  The middle held my interest but the beginning and especially the end were painful.
good story, too much profanity, I read out loud to a person in a nursing home and change these words if I am able to catch myself. Sure am glad I didnt get into a marriage like this.
I had heard lots of good things about this book and parts it were exciting but ultimately I was very disappointed with the ending. It's very open ended and not at all what  expected.
This is my second Gillian Flynn novel, but it is certainly not anything like the first one. I tried to read the entire book but stopped after about 2/3 complete.  Just going nowhere.
I didn't like the novel at all when I started. It jumped back and forth between characters, but I finally got into it about a forth of the way through. It kept me engaged after that.
Although I could not say that I liked the characters in this book I had to read it until the end as I needed to find out what happened.  Therefore I have to say it kept my attention.
I absolutely LOVED the first half of the book. Classic whodunit. But then the story takes a strange turn, it kept me interested in the most part until it turned into the most ludicrous decent into madness I have ever read. The story completely unravels about three quarters of the way through. I found myself hating every single character, but I think this may be what Gillian Flynn intended.The final nail in the coffin for me was the ending. I had heard from friends and family that the ending was horrible so I was trying to prepare myself. But no amount of preparation could have had me ready for the absolute, forgive me for being unable to find a better phrase, shit storm of an ending. So much build up for such a huge disappointment. I know not all endings will be happy, or even satisfying for that matter, but Flynn's ending just seemed like a bad combination of psychotic and lazy. It is as if she knew she had to end the book on a dark note but just did not want to write anymore.A real let down.
The first half of the book vacillated too much, going from their first anniversary to the fifth anniversary back to the third anniversary.The second half of the book was excellent.
The first almost half of this book was pretty boring to get through but after that it's a pretty quick read that definitely makes you want to read the next book to see what happens.
I'm a little baffled, this book ended crazy. So what did I get out of it, not a damn thing. At first, it caught my interest in the middle of the book. The beginning and end bored me
I didn't love it and I won't go see the movie.  The book was okay but I didn't like the ending--it sort of left me hanging.  But it was an okay read and a pretty good story overall.
Maybe it was the hype, but I was sorely disappointed.  There is some good writing, but the twists and turns weren't twists and turns for me; I guessed everything before it happened.
It took me months to finish this one because of the slow start. With the movie coming out I decided to stick with it.  It gets really good at mid point and the ending packs a punch.
I don't know whether I would read another of this author's novels.  It's true there were high ratings, but there was so much paranoia and I absolutely hated the ending of this book.
Enjoyed the book but outcome became predictable...Would have also liked to see the the police characters more developed. They too were portrayed as predictable and a little dopey...
Great start and middle to the book. I began to lose interest when Amy and Nick decided to pretend to be the perfect family. Much less interesting than I thought the ending would be.
This book was recommended to me by a friend. I thought that it was not very imaginative and in factwas rather a snooze! I do not plan to read anything else this author writes.
This novel has a great and complex beginning, you can't stop reading, but the end is just bad. Terrible. which is a waste because the first part of the story is really well written.
I think this book has been over-rated.  The book held my interest when I was reading it but it was easy to put down.  Even before it is disclosed it is fairly obvious what occurred.
Bad ending in my opinion.  Interestingly written and kept my attention, but the ending left me feeling that I wish I hadn't spent the time reading it.  Won't recommend it to others.
I liked this book but absolutely hated the ending.  I am pretty sure that most of the reviews say that very same thing.  Had the book ended better, I'd give it a five star review!!
I enjoyed the book but it left me angry. I hated the ending. I felt like I was left hanging, that there was more to the story. And I wanted to see that woman get what she deserved.
I could hardly bear to put the book  down as I was reading it but I hated the ending so much. It left me with such a bad feeling  that I was so sorry that I had even read the book.
The movie does a better job of depicting the twisted tale of a crazy women's life. I found the book hard to follow because it moves from the end to the beginning with each chapter.
Overall the story was pretty good.  It kept me wondering what would happen next..  Hate to say that the ending was a disappointment.  Not the best book, but not the worst either :/
Not my favorite.  Just slogged through it because of all the buzz about the movie.  I'm not planning on seeing the movie now.  Not a fan of novels that don't really have an ending.
I think a better ending could have been written. I'm not sure exactly what, but I found the ""lets pretend to love each other"" theme an unsatisfying end to an otherwise cliffhanger.
I started this book over 3 times before finally getting into it a finishing it! Keep reading as you will be glad you did. The plot twists and turns making it difficult to put down!
Very good topic, and well explored, but I was very disappointed with the ending.  It stumbled to the finish.  I kept thinking it was the end and then there was more and a bit more.
Started kind of slow and boring, stick with it, it does get better. Worst ending I think I've ever read. So lame, expected way more of a climactic ending. Ok read if you're bored.
Really got into this book around the middle of it.  Many twists and turns that really kept me interested.  But, the end....well, I won't ruin it for others....Not worth it for me.
Book kept my interest and did make me love and hate both main characters however the ending was a bit disappointing.  No feeling of justice just pity for both pathetic characters.
The book should of finished along time. U didn't expect the ending to go in the direction it did. The story line took to long to get interesting, the book was ok I've read better.
The story was really slow. I didnt really get into the story until about 150 pages in.  Once it picked up though it was a page turner!  The ending was not expected nor satisfying.
Please remove from pending list.  I order too many books to review each.  Additionally, individual's tastes differ and my opinion of a book should have no bearing on anyone elses.
I really liked the book until the ending. It was like having a really nice evening end with a solid kick to the groin. Made me feel like the writer was angry at me for reading it.
I bought this book because it was well rated and then wondered why it was.  I skimmed through the book and know that I won't read this author again.  Perhaps others would like it.
Easy to read and follow. The plot was smart and unexpected, just until the last third, didnt like that twist too much, but yet it redeemed itself with the ending.  I recommend it.
The first half of this book is well written, cleaver,  intriguing and fast paced.  Then is just all falls apart in the second half.  5 stars for the first half and 2 for the last.
It started out slow but soon picked up. I didn't like the jumping back and forth between the characters. But if you get past that the storyline was good & did keep me interested.
The book was very interesting what this girl did not to be found.  The ending wqs very disappointing. 2 of my friends read it after me and both were disappointed with the ending.
The whole book was a great roller coaster. A tug-of-war between characters that lead up to what was a disappointing end. Wish I had stopped reading at the second to last chapter.
Very tedious read! Nothing too surprising to hold you to keep reading it! People I also talked to who read the book gave it a max 6 out of 10 which is what I would have given it!
Its very well written and the plot in the first part of the book is riveting.  But I didn't care for the way it ended, and at the end I didn't like either of the main characters.
Although this author is very wordy and dwells on too much detail sometime, it was a very good book.  However, I was so disappointed at the ending.  Could have done so much more.
The story started slowly, but then picked up, and I was very much into it...and then it ended. I was expecting a climax by the end of the book, but it just dropped off the page.
the book held my attention , great plot..good twists along with the back and forth varying views reaaly got you into the head of the main characters. Then the ending...horrible.
but I guess that was the purpose. I read it for a book-club and finished it before half the group .... It is not a hard read but it does skip around in time which was confusing.
Enjoyed the story and I was totally involved until the end.Left me hanging...I like closure.  That's all I will say without giving it away.  Revenge would have been sweet!
Great twists and turns.  I enjoyed this book.  A three star for me means definately worth reading but I wouldn't rave about it.  Most books I read would fall into this catagory.
Slow for me to get into.  Didn't particularly care for the characters, so self absorbed.  I knew who did it before the book's end.  Would not recommend this book to my friends.
Great press and expectations, but only ok.  No real suspense as the outcome was foreseeable, though I still held out hope for more. Don't feel motivated to see on big screen...
I found the storyline interesting with good plot twists.  I struggled to finish the book because neither Nick nor Amy were likeable enough for me to care what happened to them.
The author kept me on the edge of my seat throughout most if the book! However, the ending seemed to be less climatic given the build up throughout the book. Good read overall.
I had a hard time getting in the subject and reading the book. I thought it was boring and very disappointing given all the good reviews. I think it was completely unrealistic.
i find this book slow reading and there are many times i turn the page so i can get to the bottom line so this isnt the greatest but now that i am near the end i like the story
It seems as if the writer was pressed to finish. In my opinion, could have been better done. I could go on to say more, but chose not to. Overall, I enjoyed it.... enough said.
Kept my interest throughout all the twists and turns but the ending is weak and disappointing.  Almost like she couldn't figure out what to do at the end so she did nothing...
I usually like ""different"" but this was just too far from a happy ending for me.  I was drained at the end of the story even though it was a well thought out piece of writing.
Loved the book and couldn't stop reading it.  I just had to know what happens next, but the end was a major let down and did not stay in line with the excitement of the story.
An OK novel, no great literary special devices, mixed metaphors.  The fictitious license was somewhat far fetched so left me unable to believe the possibility of authenticity.
Well written, I can understand why it would make a good movie, but the end of the book left me dangling and really angry that I had wasted that much time to get to the fizzle.
Gosh that was a disappointing ending to a pretty interesting novel. I was reading the book on my kindle and I kept scrolling back and forth certain I missed the final chapter.
Interesting book.  I just was turned off for the first third because I didn't like any of the characters.  I liked all the twists though so it was an engrossing story overall.
well written, great book. Lousy ending. I won't spoil it but I hope the movie has a better ending than the book.  I was very disappointed with the conclusion to this book.  :/
It was very good overall.very slow in the beginning.I know the author wanted to leave the reader with food for thought but,give us a break;Amy was a psychotic hopeless person.
I'm not sure why I didn't like this book.  I certainly read all of it but I think it left me feeling like it was a creepy book and why did I just waste all my time reading it.
Very hard to stay with at first- the female character was annoying. Then the storyline changed dramatically and it became very, very good. But I didn't like the ending at all.
I enjoyed this book and liked the way it was written.  The sympathy for the characters switches very cleverly.It took me a while to get into it, then it was a good read.
Very catchy. Loved the writer's format. Fast read.Very good thriller. Loved to hate both of the main characters.Highly recommend to those who like a good thriller.
First third of book was boring. Couldn't get into it. Then it got interesting. Then bazaar. Ending even more crazier.  It was a vacation read. Otherwise would of given it up.
I like the book until the end. The end was very disappointing. It seemed like the writer ran out of ideas. I would never read it again and am amazed they made it into a book.
Very slow start. The movie came out before I finished the book.  Loved the movie  people who read the book loved the book more. People who saw the movie loved the movie more.
It was a slow hard to follow story in the beginning. But once Amy started to plot Nick as her murder the story rolled along quickly making you wonder what was happening next.
The writing isn't wonderful, but adequate; the story and characters fascinating but the ending disappoints. I am looking forward to seeing if Gillian reworks it for the film.
Good read with several twists and turns. Left me wanting more (along with better character endings).  Not yah way I hoped it would turn out, but still suggest it nonetheless.
Disliked the ending... No closure or rounded structure.  I wish that we could have seen one of the characters end in either misery or happiness... Not contempt.... Just weird
Enjoyed the story, the twist and turns. However I was very dissapointed in the ending. Seemed liked the author wanted to write a sequel because it ends very unsatisfactorily.
Predictable victory unfortunately.  A sad conclusion of future horror for an innocent child and continually harangued and subservient husband.  No redeeming value to society.
I can see why this was a best seller because it was a page turner but I don't understand how it ever got 5 stars from anyone. This book is so messed up. Wtf did I just read?!
Loved this novel right up until the end then it fell apart and was so disappointing. I prefer to read a novel before seeing the movie but this time I will pass on the movie!
The writing was well done, however I have to like the main characters.  It was a struggle for me to complete the book because of that and the ending wasn't what I had hoped.
Very slow moving until he figures out that he has been had and then it is very in teresting.I still am not too sure if the end was a good end or if it left one hanging
I found myself fast forwarding through entire chapters, especially when both characters started introspective meanderings about how they got to their current place and time.
I thought it was clever. The plot twists and schemes were very clever. However, it just seemed to lack substance in a few places. I really didn't care for the ending at all.
This book had me hooked from the beginning but I don't like how it ended. I won't say more to avoid giving everything away but I am a big disappointed with how it turned out
It took me a while to figure out what was going on, but the plot turned out to be very intriguing.  If you can't get past foul language, don't even bother reading this book.
Someone needs to explain the deeper meaning to this story. After all that .... ? Uh, no. Felt a bit cheated. An engaging tale to be sure, but in the end, just not uplifting.
The beginning was slow and the ending was not at all what it should have been. But the middle was interesting, so it got 3 stars from me. I just expected a lot more I guess.
On one side I like the plot and how the book flows b/t the 2 main characters and the 2 different timelines.  HOWEVER, I do not like the over excess use of the foul language.
Slow start, then picked up with interesting twists and turns - however the ending left me questioning why I took the time to read the entire book.  Glad it was a quick read.
Interesting read written in a quirky style with a somewhat predicable story line.  My expectations were high based on previous reviews but, unfortunately, they were not met.
I was hooked from the first chapter, but I was disappointed with the ending. I usually re-read books all the time, but I don't think I'll take the time to re-read this again
I was truly enthralled with this book. I went through a roller coaster of emotions, but it was the ending that truly created the greatest reaction I've ever had from a book.
I was stunned by the reviews. The style is certainly different and original but by page 100 I found it tedious, and to be honest, I still haven't managed to wade through it
I found the book to be so hard to put down-it was full of suspense,keeping this reader  wondering what's next!?!Then the girl returns home.....She should have stayed GONE!
I was very disappointed by the ending of this novel. Where is the justice? The psycho wife gets away with everything including murder. This much evil has to be accountable.
I am having a hard time following the story and staying interested. I don't like having to go back in time and the switching back and forth between the two main characters.
The book was a bit slow started up. I was just about halfway through the book before it captured me. Almost didn't finish it. Then the book took off. Good twist at the end.
I enjoyed most of the book.  I wish the ending would have been different though.  I saw the movie and my opinions of the movie are the same.  Enjoyed the book so much more.
l loved the first part of the book but was disappointed in the second half and really didn't like the ending.  It was too contrived and none of the characters was likeable.
The start and the middle were great. I have to say I was super disappointed at the end. I would read it again for the good part  and recommend it. But It wasn't my favorite
I didn't like how the beginning of book was written especially the diary. The middle of book found o.k. I didn't like how story ended.I hope the movie will be better.
It was written in an unusual manner which made for interesting reading.  I did not like the way it ended. Felt cheated out of an ending. Is the author looking for a sequel?
I admired the author's detail in weaving her story.  I wondered how she managed to keep all of her details straight.  The ending was not what I expected; rather unsettling.
I found it gripping except the ending. Yes, it's probably how that character would handle that life situation, but I read fiction for the surprises and non-mundane endings.
I had heard good things about this book and was eager to read it.  However, it had a slow start,the middle was good, but i didn't enjoy the ending.  Overall just ok for me.
The writing held my interest, and it held surprises all through the book. The ending sort of left things hanging. I enjoy mysteries, yet I didn't overall enjoyed this one.
I liked the writing of the book, but I was not happy with the outcome. It took a little bit to get ""involved"" in the story, but once involved, the book was better.
Gillian is a fun twisty, turning, plot writing author. I have been enjoying her books. I'm puzzled about the ending on this one. But it's a good read, highly recommend it.
The author led me all around and circled back , the story of a very twisted lady who got her way.  And those around her who helped willing or not.  It was a very good read
I am giving this book only three stars because I feel the ending ruined it. It was suspenseful and unique but I don't eel the author did a good job of tying up loose ends.
This book is very interesting and definitely worth reading. It's not my typical genre, but it was still able to hold my attention. I did not like the ending at all though!
Slow beginning, but then I couldn't put it down.  The plot takes many twists and turns.  However, I was disappointed with the last several chapters, especially the ending.
I do not like the ending. After all the crafting by the author she leaves you hanging. I am impressed with skill of the author who has you drawn in hook, line, and sinker.
It took a long time to get through this book. Not sure if it's because it just wasn't the ""page turner"" I expected. It was just okay. The ending really left me for a loop.
When I started this book, I had a hard time getting into it. Then the plot twist made everything turn around and I read the novel ravenously. I look forward to the sequel.
I loved the story line.  It was a great read, that kept my intrest.  The characters and twisting plot were great.  The ending, however, left me unsettled and disappointed.
The book starts off slow. It took so long for me to get into it but then I could not put it down.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. I like the plot twists though.
I find the author's obsession with this topic, and those of the two prior books disturbing. However after I said I would not read it, I did. But I probably wouldn't again.
I felt the book lifted you to a point and then just dropped you on your head.  My feeling was one of wanting to throw the book across the floor!  Thought it was annoying!
It got better as it went along, although I really didn't like the ending because it didn't finally give the characters closure, but I know people who absolutely loved it.
I found I disliked all the characters in the book. I think this is the first time that has happened. The only reason I finished the book, was because it kept me guessing.
Very hard to stay focused.Seemed to drag on and on.Skipped through 3/4 of the book.Was able to figure out what happened.Wouldn't recommend buying.
The language is a little unnecessary and inappropriate for my taste. The story grabbed and held my attention though. It's a bit of a cliff hanger though. Pretty good read
A very odd book which on the one hand keeps one guessing, and on the other gets very boring after a while. In the end I didn't finish it because it just got on my nerves.
For all the hype this was not my best read for the summer.  The who-done-it was a good spin but some parts didn't feel part of the story, to me.  For a summer read, okay.
Not as easy a read as I had hoped.  Really bizzare story and predictable up to the end when it took a disappointing turn. Really did not like the ending. Diary well done.
I started reading this book several times and finally decided to get to the end. The book was ok not great and I as many other readers are very disappointed with the end.
Just not what I thought it would be.  Ending was very disappointing. Felt very sorry for the child at the end of the story
This was a fun and entertaining book overall. Though the start was a bit slow, the countless plot twists and shocks drew me in. A good book for mystery and crime lovers.
Read the book after the movie. I say skip the book. Watch the movie. The book is not half as gripping. Enough people have reviewed thd book here. So nothing more to add.
First half of book is boring, than it starts getting intriguing, than it just becomes not believable. I don't know what all the fuss is about. It was a waste of my time.
This book was very suspenseful and kept me turning pages to find my way around the next turn in the story.  I have to say however, that i did not like the ending at all.
I really was expecting this to be more of a thriller.....it def. was not!  Beginning was boring...middle got interesting...hated the ending...but that is just my opinion
I think the F word is a vulgarity and this book has an overabundance of them . Otherwise, it is a pretty good story that keeps one guessing even after the novel is over.
Maybe there was too much publicity about the book/movie before I read the novel.  It was interesting in the beginning, but it turned and left me unsatisfied as a reader.
Maybe I made a mistake by seeing the movie first because I really enjoyed the movie.  I find I don't really enjoy books where every chapter is a different point of view.
There was no ending chapter which for me ruined to whole book.  It was an incomplete story. If I wasrequired to imagine what happened I did not have to buy a book.
I have mixed feelings about gone girl.  Parts are really interesting and other parts are not. And I absolutely hated the ending. The ending ruined the entire book for me
Plot and characters keep your intense interest until the end is the book where the irrational decisions by the characters and far fetched conclusion is a disappointment.
Good book but I little too long and sometimes the plot seemed too far fetched andceasy to predict. Not nearly as raw as her other two novels, seemed a bit watered down.
I usually read 2-3 books a week & find very few I don't enjoy. This book was weird. I appreciated how Ms. Flynn wove the tale, but I just couldn't really stick with it.
I thought the story was so incredibly unrealistic until the end.  The ending was too realistic.  Maybe the whole story was a dream.  That would have been a good ending.
I get the lead up but the ending is just completely dissatisfying to the reader. The ending is symbolic of their ongoing anti-climax but it just leaves you unfulfilled.
Unique word pictures are creative, characters and plot are surprising, suspense builds, bringing a twisted, unforeseen end.  A very dark plot, never before experienced.
I will stick with this book but I was disappointed with the start, after all of the hype the book received. I sure didn't care about the decor of the inside of the bar.
This book grabbed me right away and was quite a page turner until about the mid way point, where it really dropped off for me. The ending was a complete disappointment.
book was a slow starter then heated up and then totally let me down,  i really felt the ending was lousy.  just left me hanging , maybe the movie is better on this one
The beginning was slow, the middle I couldn't put it down and the end was crap.Should have taken a little less time on the beginning and put more into the ending
Too much small talk.  If you arrange all the writing concerning the missing Amy it would be a short story probably less than fifty pages.  However, it is a good story.
Loved it until the end, then I felt let down.  The ending was very much lacking.  I expected an ""I gotcha"" from Nick of some sort but it never happened....sigh
I found the novel boring in the first 150 pages.  After that it picked up and held my attention.  I just saw the movie and found that even more enjoyable than the book
I have read all of Gillian Flynn books and I am very disappointed. There is not one character who has any redeeming qualities, yet I suffered through the entire novel.
Interesting story but was bogged down with too much detail.  Found myself speed reading to get past the excessive descriptionsthat distracted from the story line
The start was little slow, but was very ""edge of your seat"" in the middle. But the end of the book was a let down.Wonder if the movie will be any better?
Story was great.....up to a point.  Then it simply seemed the author was in a rush to tie up loose ends and be finished with the book. Dark Places was better over all.
There was a lot of build up and twists and turns, but felt that the ending was disappointingFelt let down by the ending as there was no resolution to the problem
I liked  that every other chapter was about each character's thoughts and plans, but the ending was a surprise. I also liked that this book was based on a true story.
This book kept me rivited from the beginning to the end. But I think the author made a big mistake with the ending. The book was so good and the end ruined it for me.
I got mad at the husband and stopped reading. I still plan on finishing but you get so caught up with the characters that hating them doesn't help you get through it.
Not a bad read but not a ""good"" read.  Takes a long time to get interested and I found myself wishing I could hurry and finish so I could read something else.
Very well and cleverly written story, but disturbing psychological thriller with many twists and turns and ""Oh, No!"" reactions.  Not my kind of entertainment.
I was very disappointed in this book.  The main characters were very neurotic and the ending was very disappointing.  Would not readanother book by this author.
I did not care for the format the author used. I also thought the story teller was too sketchy & messy! I was glad when I finished the book. Hope the movie is better.
This was an easy read and kept my interest, but I found it unbelievable. In the end there's no character I really cared about, except maybe Nick's sister and Boney...
This story is full of surprises once you get past the first few chapters.  Interesting and complex characters that you pity, hate, and cheer for all at the same time.
in the end, I didn't like either of the characters, and therefore I didn't care what happened. I wouldn't read it again, and don't recommend it to anyone else either.
Slow beginning, great middle, lousy ending.  I really liked the style in which the novel was written and was super into the story and then felt cheated by the ending.
While reading this book, I kept thinking that it was the best book I've read in awhile. The author writes beautifully. She has created a fantastic story that is a real page turner. And then you get to the end. For fans of the Sopranos, I'm sure you remember how you felt after the series finale. Well that's how I feel about the ending of this book. Such a great story, only to have such a boring, non-thought-provoking, open-ended ending. You have no idea what happens. You're left hanging. Prior to finishing this book, I was certain I would read more from this author, but I no longer am interested in reading a book with a great beginning, great middle, and NO end.
I'll echo the sentiment of some other reviewers: the ""meat"" of this story was SO GOOD, but then the ending made me actually hate the book.  It was such a disappointment after all the build up and twists and turns the story had taken and then....that.  I was so excited to see how the author brought all the loose ends together but don't get your hopes up; just enjoy the story if you can.  I'm one of those who loves the ending and seeing everything come together and unfortunately that's what this book lacked.  Based on my experience with this one, I wouldn't read another of the authors books.  Why would I invest the time in it only to be disappointed at the end?
I would have put it down if it would not have had so much acclaim. The story takes a turn about 170 pages in and then its okay from there but still not phenomenal...
It is suspenseful, but I didn't like the main characters at all, which made it hard to feel anything but disgust for all of their manipulations and mental ramblings.
I can't seem to get into the book.  Ihaven't really read muchof it.  I should try again and see how far I get.  Yet i heard such good reviews about it and the movie.
The beginning and middle were intriguing and kept me guessing. The end was stupid!I really hate that I have to add more words as required by this review!
Story line was predictable and a little disappointing.  Why do people enjoy making others miserable just because they are miserable?  Certainly not a shocker ending.
This book was definitely a page turner, but the characters were just ridiculous.  I felt like there were so many loops and twists then the book fell flat at the end.
The book started off great, but half way through there were too many plot changes. The could possibly be because half way through you've figured out the big mystery.
The plot was good.  However, the profanity in the book  was overwhelming, was not needed and took away from the story. Also, a better ending was needed to the novel.
This book had the potential to be good.  However it ended the worst possible way.  There were so many ways it could've ended, I wonder why the author chose this one.
This book was hard to put down but about 3/4 through it, I was thinking ""Come on, will ya.  I just want to be done"".  I absolutely hated the ending, period.
Slow start and has reader predictability based on main character's cues.  However, I enjoyed the book and will see the movie to compare authenticity to the book. 😎
It's a good story but it just drags out.... its way too long!  I've been reading for about 6 weeks and still only80% thru it.  Can't wait til it finally ends.
I don't understand why so many people love this book! Yes it is suspenseful and keeps you interested throughout the story, but the ending is extremely unsatisfying.
Did not finish it.  Confusing plot.  Did not like the characters,.  Enough said. Why waste words to fit your space.  Headline - not worth wasting your time reading.
THis book had been on the Top 10 novel list for a long time..  The price was right and I decided to buy.  I never could get in to the book and just didn't enjoy it.
Seems a little wordy in many parts but that's because I prefer a book that really grabs me and is a puzzle to figure out. Still reading and hoping it grabs me soon.
I enjoyed the author's writing style in this book, but was (highly) disappointed in the ending.  No spoilers here, just a friendly warning...  Proceed with caution.
Mystery was intriguing, but most of the characters were unsympathetic.  I didn't really like any of them, and I thought the ending was contrived and not believable.
I found this book at a bit tedious & I flicked through some pages. However the plot was very clever & I found that I needed to read to the end to uncover the truth.
it was difficult to get into this book at first, the way it jumps back and forth btwn characters isnt bad its just annoying on how those characters talk, esp amy!!!
Gone Girl was hard to hold my attention in the beginning. Itstarted to get better, but I hated the ending!!! The writing wasexcellent! Very captivating!
A well written book.  I liked shifting back & forth from each characters point of view.  Did not like the goss descriptions & subject matter.  It was a page turner.
A rollercoaster of a story. Written well. Keeps you reading to the very end and wanting more. I would like to see a sequel in which Nick outwits Amy and takes kid.
I really didn't get in to this book until I was right about half way through it. Ended up being pretty twisted. I have read better but this was a pretty good read.
Interesting story with lots of twists and turns.  Too bad the author wrote herself into a corner and put her pen down and walked away instead of writing an ending.
This book starts off slow, almost half way through it picks up and ends crazy.I can not say I would honestly recommend it to anyone. Go see the movie instead
Interesting book that was a good read until the end which was very disappointing.  Wanted to read the book before seeing the movie so i had the basic context down.
This is for a gift and unfortunately arrived with the cover folded back. I am still sending it as it looks like a god read and didn't have time to reorder another.
I really enjoyed the book until I got to the end. It was very anticlimactic. I was very disappointed because I was expecting so much more, and it just let me down.
Strangely ironic story line. Story went well through the book but the ending left me wanting. I would hope that eventually there would be a true prequel or sequel.
I like the choice of words and the way the writer leads you in a way you never actually who the killer is. However, by 60% of the book it becomes a bit repetitive.
Didn't really keep my interest. Found I had to force myself to continue. Its well-written, just not that interesting. I had already figured it out 25 percent thru.
I was so disappointed in the ending of this book .  switching from one character to another was sometimes hard to follow. with all that said it held my attention.
The book begins VERY slowly, in fact I was almost half-way through before it actually became interesting.  After that point, it was quite suspensful adn engaging.
Interesting premiss.Disappointing ending.Characters so deep and complex become shallow and there is no satisfaction for the reader.Feet cheated.
Bazaar, upsetting, filthy.  Not at all my kind of book. Surprised that it received such rave reviews.  Makes me wonder about what that says about us as a society.
It was just OK.l don't think I would tell others to read it . I've read many books that I enjoyed enjoyed.  Again it was just Ok.don! Tust
Good book....until the end.  It was like she didn't know how to end it....I was excited to discuss it with a friend who also read it and she felt the same way....
Book condition was new and it came without the plastic cover that most new books have so, even though it was new it gave me the impression that it was a used one.
Still not sure if I really liked or disliked the two main characters or the the story for that matter. Very mixed & conflicting emotions when I finished the book.
Took a bit to get into but once I was drawn in I couldn't put the book down. What a twisted storyline. I kept trying to figure it out and I couldn't. A good read!
I read for my book club, was hard to get started, was better as I read further. Not one of my favorites.would not recommend to my friends as a ""must read
I liked this book and was entertained but I felt the story lacked a little complexity and the author painted herself into a corner with regards to the conclusion.
It kept me interested through almost all of it.  I loved the first half, but then it kind of went downhill for me.  The end was just ok.  But it was worth a read.
Was really pretty good, throughout most of the book.  I was unfortunately disappointed with the ending.  I dont think I would read another book from this author.
I found the story incredibly interesting, but was a little disappointed with  the resolution.Not so disappointed that I won't read her other books, though.
The ending sucked...no justice. I expected (wanted) an entirely different ending. It wasn't the explosive, hero wins kind of book. I won't bother with the movie.
Very strange book.  Uninteresting for the first 40 pages then very exciting until the end.  If I had known the ending I would not have wasted my time reading it.
If there really is a couple like that I hope I never meet them they deserve each other and should not have a child. This kid could turn out to be Rosemarys baby.
I though it was an easy and enjoyable book, but was really disappointed in the ending.  I had not seen the picture and after reading the book have no desire too.
I hate making up my own ending. If you write a book, you should finish it. I really enjoyed reading this book, but I was thoroughly disappointed with the ending.
I loved this book! At alternate times I was rooting for a Amy, then I was rooting for Nick! Unbelievable ending definitely read the book before seeing the movie!
This book had come highly recommended by so many people and I was just okay with it.  I thought the ending was very disappointing - although it was true to life.
There were so many twists I couldn't put it down. There was constantly a new development in the plot to discover. However, the ending was a little disappointing.
First read by author.  Good plot but just couldn't get into this book.  Didn't hold my interest.  Easy to put down and leave and come back sometimes days later..
I can't decide if I liked this book or not.  It was very intriguing but to me had a difficult ending to digest.  It seemed reminiscent of another author's style.
If you've ever been tempted to climb inside the mind of a psychopath, this is the novel for you.  More than a bit creepy, yet fascinating in a very sinister way.
The characters in this book were so awful, shallow and cold. The writing skillful but so anti-human. I wish I hadn't given in and read it. I was not going to...
Started out well but the second half of the book just became more and more improbable till in the end it annoyed me so much I couldn't be bothered finishing it.
This book started out very interesting, but it lost all momentum about halfway through. The ending was disappointing and lacked imagination. I was left wanting.
It started slow then turned into a fast page-turner! It was awesome until the last page... then what happened? For that reason I won't read another Flynn novel.
The story was interesting. However the ending left a lot to be desired. Lots of dangling ideas. It seemed like the book needed to end before the story was over.
There were many twists and turns in this psychological thriller, but it was VERY slow to start. It was a decent plot, but I kept waiting for it to get better...
you have to assume they both received what they deserved!! poor child to be born to such a couple/ or what a loving child made both mom and dad a better parent.
I was sitting on the edge of my seat for most of the book, however the ending left me wanting. I was expecting something dramatic to happen. I was disappointed.
Well written and the plots and twists are unexpected.  Unfortunately the ending just made me feel that I had never ""met"" either one of these characters.
Interesting book by this author.  However, the ending was not what I would have imagined.  I had envisioned a completely different outcome and was disappointed.
, although I did finish reading it Hmmm obviously didn`t get as much enjoyment reading this book as most other people I spoke to. I felt it dragged out too long
Interesting twists: unsatisfying ending: can't wait to see the movie; hoping for some surprises, maybe different twists and different ending. Recommend the book
This is a quick and interesting read.  It takes an exciting and rather unexpected twist in the middle.  A good book and well-written but not serious literature.
I'm disappointed in Nick. I never would have deleted the book. I'm not sure which would be worse; spending the rest of my life in prison for murder or with her.
I almost stopped reading the book by the second or third chapter as it was just not pulling me in, but I hung in there and it turned out decent. Not a must read
The book was good but the ending is ridiculous. I thought my kindle wasn't working and couldn't get to the end. When I realize this was it, I was pretty peeved.
It was hard to get into the book, but once read a few chapters I couldn't put it down. I don't know if I liked the way it ended. I'm excited to rent the movie.
So-so book. Starts good. There's a twist in the story. Bad ending. Seems like it was written specifically to be a movie. Lost interest as the story went along.
Although parts of the book were a good read, I didn't care for the disjointed ""back & forth"" with the characters. Hopefully, I'll enjoy the movie more.
Story has a great beginning and an unexpected twist, however the ending is disappointing and some of the explanations for the loose endings are not believable.
Good story at first, but fell short with too many antics that seemed to be more science fiction than the heart stopping fictional mystery it started out to be.
It was interesting and when I wasn't reading I was thinking about when I could go back to the story.  But the ending was terrible!  It needed a writer ending b
It was a fun read for much of the book, but truly had a pretty bland ending...felt incomplete, like the author just needed to find a way to end it, so she did.
The popularity of this contrived, trivial novel puzzles me.  It's too trivial to recommend.  I do confess that I read to the end, pulled by a clever plot line.
I did not like the ending. It was a let down. I was really interested in the beginning, by the end I could have cared less about either of the main characters.
It was very good, diabolical plot...ending was very off, disconnected...not jaw dropping like I expected....A good read but not my favorite book of the summer.
The first 2/3 of the book were page turners!  Then there is a lack of Appropriate hate from the husband!  I don't want to give  it away but the ending was lame
The first 9/10 of the book are so engaging and captivating....the end is not on par with the rest of the story.  However, still worth it for the terrific 9/10.
Interesting read...dragged out at some points. Was hoping for a different/better ending. The plot twists in the middle wear what made this book worth reading.
A low read to start. I didnt get interested til mid-book. And then to end the way it did! Very frustrating. It had a great plot, could've been so much better.
This was not my favorite book by this author but it does have some saving grace.  The characters not likeable but believable and the story has it's surprises.
Interesting plot, but all the jumping from one time period to another and one character to another became tiresome quickly, and neither character was likable.
I enjoyed the book ... Full of surprises but I would be hesitant about recommending it because of the language and  now not sure I even want to see the movie.
Well written with good twists. HOWEVER - the characters are not likeable, mostly jerks. I only finished the book because it has become part of the vernacular.
Book was just ok. I could not relate to the relationship between the two main characters and some of the situations in the story were just plain unbelievable.
Not the page turner I was told it would be until 50% through. Once there I would give it a five for suspense up until the unrealistic ending which gets a one.
I really loved this book, could not put it down - until the last few chapters. Disappointed in the ending, thought it was too vague - could just be me though.
I loved the first half of the book, but then when I felt like I didn't relate to any characters and didn't want to 'root for' any characters, I lost interest.
It started slow but picked up.  This book is replete with foul and ugly language. Do much so that it is unlikely that I will read another book by this author.
This book has been touted as the best of 2013 and I could not disagree more.  It was a slow, tedious read with a slight twist that  meandered back to boredom.
Highly entertaining story.  However, the ending spoiled it for me.  Otherwise, would have given it 5 stars.  Perhaps author is setting things up for a sequel?
Started out very slow but half way through its well worth the read... How conniving she was... Yet scary to think someone could do that to someone they love.
Good book. Kept me reading but not the page turner I was expecting based on other reviews. I thought it was quite predictable and didn't care for the ending.
This was a good book although it started out slow, but the more you read it became interesting. At times it may you think. made for a good book club read....
I enjoyed the book and some of the twists and turns, and about halfway through, I got hooked.  At times i thought it stayed in certain places a bit too long.
Interesting book. The last chapters go on and on and it gets really boring. Regardless, one keeps reading. I was hoping Nick would win something in the end.
With all the hype I was expecting a little more than was delivered. The story was so slow, it just drug along much too long. This book was just okay for me.
It was so good until the end.  When I got to the end I had to pause and say, ""Really? This is how it ends?"".  The ending was not worthy of the book.
Not overly impressed with this book, was so much hype, but left me disappointed. Some really slow parts, and then it just ended after so much was drawn out.
This book was really good in the beginning and I couldn't put it down for days but it started to drag on towards the end, and kind of ended out of no where.
I'm not sure I really have 20 words.  Fast easy read, but if you are looking for a satisfying ending or some sort of message/deeper meaning, look elsewhere.
Sorry. I am an avid reader. I can see why others like it. I found it tedious and kinda boring. Which may put me inin the minority of those reading this book
It was written well, but had a hard time reading about such a mixed up relationship. It would have been better if they had killed each other off at the end.
It was not as good as everyone said. I think it was over hyped. But I did enjoy most of it. Didn't like the ending. Felt like it was missing a few chapters.
I admit I am not a usual fiction reader. There were several interesting twists. Character development good. But I found the ending strange and unsatisfying.
The book had lots of twists which keep you wondering through the entire book. I have to say I wasn't thrilled with the way it ended, but it was a good read.
This book received such great reviews that I finally decided to read it.  I loved the storyline with its twists, but the writing got a little dull at times.
Not my usual genre. This was a easy, good read. Although, the story has a very ominous feel throughout.  Never feels as if the ""problem"" is solved.
Not my type of book.  Too much of the ""F"" word.  About the only reasonable main character was Go, everyone else was manipulative and self centered.
Found the structure difficult t follow. It seemed disjointed. But the story was interesting and almost fascinating to follow. The ending was disappointing.
I was disappointed with this book.  With all the hype from readers, I thought I would not being able to stop reading.  Unfortunately this was not the case.
Poor beginning too much unneessary descriptive sex.book picked up got much better. Than it ends suddenly. Therefore I didn't care for the end either.
The beginning of the book was great! Lots of suspense. I was truly looking foward to justice being served but that never happened. Such a disappointment...
An enjoyable read.  The plot is very twisted, which is fun to a point, but becomes tedious after a while.  I really did not like the ending,sad and creepy.
Kept me interested but I didn't care much for either protagonist. As the novel progressed I found I didn't really care what happened to either one of them.
I hope there is one to follow. A little bit of a let down ending. Even if there was a part 2 the characters are despicable. I guess it kept me entertained.
The first half is slow to build - the second half will make you question humanity. It felt unfinished - as slow as the beginning was the ending was rushed.
I thought the book was pretty interesting throughout the whole thing until the end... I hated how it ended! It seemed ;) e it just stopped with no closure.
This was not the""can't put it down"" book I was lead to believe.  I love to read those novels on the best sellers list, but this was a little disappointing.
The ending is shocking, but not in a good way.  You do not get any sense of justice and crazy wins. There is too much of that in real life, unfortunately.
I couldn't stop reading this, yet progressively I came to dislike the main characters more and more. Overall, not a favorite, i.e. wouldn't read it again.
While a complex and engaging story, I was very disappointed in the ending. Maybe there will be a sequel resolving some of the many questions left hanging.
Gone Girl was pretty entertaining.  Well written.  The end was rather disappointing I thought.  Would recommend if you like a mystery with many surprises.
Took a while to get into the book then I was great..real page turner..then thevabruptnending,  what the heck?!?  Hope they change the ending in the movie.
The authors style of writing in this book could prove very confusing for a first time reader of her works.  My book club members agree with my assessment.
Total page turner then the ending hits you, you want to throw the kindle at the wall! Felt like the last chapters where pulled out of the writers bottom!
It was hard to get into, but towards the middle it got interesting. If I knew how it ended, I would've just watched the movie instead of reading the book
Really enjoyed the story. Kept reading to see what would happen next. Did NOT like the language, just don't understand why vulgar langauage is necessary.
The story is great, but I can't get into her writing style. I'm sure it's just a personal preference, but it's hard to get through the endless analogies.
the author is very hard to read- seems like she is all over the place- the only way I could follow was seeing the movie first so I knew what was going on
I thought I would like this book more, but I guess not. I went back and forth between hating both characters. The ending wasn't what I expected. Oh well.
I don't know if I like this book or not, just like I don't know if the two  main characters like each other. I don't even know what else to say about it.
Very good. Would recommend it to others.  I have recommended it to other friends and relatives.  I can see why it stayed on the best seller list so long.
I expected this book to be totally different. I did not care for the characters. I thought their personalities were dull.  I did not care for the ending.
I felt like the story didn't have an ending. Maybe it was supposed to be that way. I just happen to like things that are resolved better in their ending.
I didn't have the patience for this book! After 79 pages, I flipped to the back to see how it ended! I thought it was engrossing and well written though.
But I just HATED the ending! The author really did a good job, and it was her prerogative on how she wanted it to end.it just did NOT work for me. Sorry.
Slightly gripping at times but poor characters and very disappointing ending. Probably would be enjoyed by someone looking for easy non-challenging read.
This book is definitely in thirds. The middle third was the exciting part, the first and last thirds were just ok. Too much hype so I was expecting more.
Writing style great. The first person narrative if each major character makes it an easy read. The end a huge disappointment . I'm done with the Dunnes.
Thought it was very boring in the beginning. The ending was more interesting but hated the ending. Wouldn't recommend it. Took me a long time to finish.
First half drifts along and makes it hard to get into.  Second half more engaging, but hard to enjoy a story of two self-absorbed unlikeable characters.
I am not usually one for ""whodunit's"" but this one was pretty entertaining! By the end of the book though, I did not like any of the Characters.
Too drawn out and quite boring. I can't figure out what all the hype was for this book. I had a hard time getting through it and didn[t quite finish it.
This book was a real page turner with all the suspense in it. However, some of the story was quite unbelievable in parts and seemed a little ridiculous.
Engrossing read but what a disturbing scary ending !! So dark. Unbelievable. I should think we have more freedom as human beings. In this a day and age.
I loved the different parts of the story, since every page and part was unpredictable, but I was very disappointed with the ending, which was so boring!
The book had some interesting plots but it ended really with nothing at all.  Ok reading.  Ending yuck. It left you with a feeling of what happened. Huh
It was very well written. I like that it was written from two points of views. However, I felt the end lacked the proper  climax for the pace of novel.
The book was good but the ending was a huge disappointment. I felt the writer could have done so much more. I was actually pissed-off at the end of it.
It was ok. It had some great twists throughout, but the ending was a little weak. I really felt like the character, nick, had developed more than that.
I may have been expecting too much from a book that has been many reading lists that I have seen in the past months. I was disappointed with this book.
Great story line .. And kept you on your toes the enter time. Wish there could have been a different ending. I didn't feel like it did the book justice
All I can say is wtf!!  Wow what a crazy book.  I will patiently wait for the movie. Didn't like how it turned out. Her style of writing was good. Wow.
From the beginning I wanted to like Amy, but as the story continues, Nick became the guy you wanted to see as the hero.  Interesting twists and turns..
The first section I couldn't put down.  Then it got increasingly bizarre.  I finished it still hoping that it was going to make sense.  It never did!!!
Good book until the ending..  For such an interest grabber throughout, the ending really fell flat.  It clearly detracted from the overall experience.
It was gripping in so many ways, but then it got stupid and then it got sad. By the end I was just glad it was over. Do people like this really exist?
Maybe it is predictable because it is how I see other women.  The end was abrupt and while it leaves me feeling like I want more, it was very fitting.
A very clever plot device and execution. Well done, but just a bit too neat and tidy for my taste. The writing was excellent and I would recommend it.
Good overall book and I enjoyed the story, but with all the different directions the author could have went with the ending, I felt a little let down.
Decent murder mystery but I didn't care for the ending. Without giving too much away, I can say it was different, but just left me feeling unfinished.
Well written.  Lots of twists and turns.  The ending however just fell flat.  Unless the author is planning a sequel, the ending was so disappointing.
I have to say- I enjoyed this book more than I would like to admit. It's not really my genre, but it was good enough that I wanted to read it quickly.
The book wasn't what I expected. It was good, but I absolutely did not like the ending of the book.  The shipment was great from who I bought it from.
This book was a little slow at the beginning. I am 75% of the way through and it is now starting to get interesting.I hope it finishes off good!
This book was an easy read and entertaining.  However, I thought there was too much change to the main character's personality almost to fit the plot.
Interesting story but boring too - not liking then end. And here are more required words so I can finish.
Not a well written book by any means; but an interesting story. It held me captive from beginning to end. The ending was a definite let down, though.
Who thinks of this stuff? Great plot but slow in parts and could have been more interesting with some more detail in key parts. That said, enjoyable.
Loved the book... I could not put it down... Unfortunately ... The end was really not what I was expecting or even liked...but still would recomend😊
This book was well written, but twisted, and I absolutely hated the ending!! I'm a little disappointed and not sure if I still want to see the movie.
......good read...kept my interest.  Lots of twists and unexpected turns to this story. Intrigue, suspense, easy read...looking forward to the movie.
Great  beginning. The story has you captured wanting to know who dun it. But the ending for me had me asking more and hoping for me that I never got.
Great first half and then...I got tired of it and so did the author, it seemed. More and more ""out there""...just hard to stay with it for me.
Very good character development but I found the story line just to predictable. Hated the ending. Probably won't try any of this authors other books.
Gillian takes a long time to make a point.  The action is dragged out because of extensive time to line up circumstances and it drags the story out.
eh.  this wasn't bad.  i couldn't put it down, but the author is twisted, in my opinion.  i already figured out ""whodunnit"" very shortly in.
Lots of twist and turns with a drop off ending. Glad to be finished with this story as it took a while to get through it. Not as good as I expected.
Good story.  I was not happy with the ending.  I don't know how you can write 400 pages to a book and end the story line in a matter of a few pages.
Really I was a little disappointed.  I kept waiting for something big to happen and the very end was terrible.  I thought ""this is the end"".
I thought this was a great read and very suspenseful I couldnt work out how it would end.  I thought the end was perfect.  They deserved each other!
Not at all the hyped up plot I thought it would be. Let down by weak characters aggravated by foul language that added nothing g to the story. Blah.
It was a good read, keeps you guessing, didn't want to put it down. Sad ending makes it rough though it could have gone many directions and endings.
This book held my attention throughout, but the ending left me disappointed.  It ruined the story for me!  I was expecting a ""smash"" ending!
This two-voices novel is full of suspense and intrigue.  However, the ending is not as good as the rest of the novel.  Good reading for the weekend.
Enjoyed the writer's style.  The twists and turns were unexpected and very entertaining.  The story was spell binding.  Impressed by the story line.
Liked the format.It is a quick read.  Easy to pick up and to put down.Unsatisfactory ending.Would not recommend.
Nevertheless, I gave it 3 stars since i didn't appreciate the great deal of profanity and graphic erotic descriptions which i believed were 85% of the time totally pointless for the story. I'm a smart person who enjoys a good story, but i just don't appreciate reading offensive things which were written with no purpose and therefore don't strengthen or improve understanding of the story plot. I am not saying saying that characters should always be wonderful folks and say great things. I simply don't see the purpose in further polluting readers' thoughts for no reason. It's absolutely possible to detail topics like adultery, rape, etc., without graphically explaining each step of it. The truth is, it requires far more energy and skill to make it work using this method.Life of Faith
My anger with both the characters detracted from any enjoyment. I spent the whole time wondering if there really are people like that in the world.
However, don't give this novel to your mother-in-law without reading it first. As she says, ""every other word is the f-bomb"" .... ooops :((
I really like the author's writing style.  By the end of the book I found I didn't like either of the main characters and felt bad for their child.
This book had a strange ending. After reading the entire book,  I really only understood one of the characters. It is well written and suspenseful.
The ending was definitely a disappointment... everything leading up to the ending was good, but I wasn't too thrilled about how the end turned out.
Ms. Flynn has captured the mind of a truly maniacal antagonist, very scary to thing someone could be that manipulative. Enjoyed the book very much.
All that reading and that is the ending???? What?  Where is the justice?  No one would live like that. Might as well have been science fiction.....
I was really disappointed with the ending, the 2nd half of the book had my attention but then it just went down hill in the end, very disappointing
Thought it should have had a better ending.  Won't ho and see the movie.  Although I do love the actor and actress they have picked to portray them
I bought this kindle book because of all the good reviews.  It held my interest but the ending is very disappointing.  I wouldn't buy it again.  bb
I was disappointed in this book. I didn't understand why people highly recommended it. Maybe it is just me. It really didn't grab me until the end.
The story kept me reading, however, it needed more depth to the writing - it was easy to see how this was going to end.  A good summer read though.
Not sure 're this one.  Although I could not put it down toward end.  Story did not end the way I expected but characters are good, especially Amy.
I really enjoy Gillians humor and her understanding of marriage. Although, I did feel the plotwas lacking.  Story did turn a bit far fetched.
This book, although written well, just didn't keep me wanting more.  I was simply frustrated with the relationship between the two main characters.
I have never written a review.  I bought the book because most of the reviews were very good.  I thought the book was very good until I got to 86% read on my kindle.  I was really disappointed in the last part of the book, I felt like I had wasted time reading to come to an end like this one.  May be just me but it was such a let down.  Hope I don't get any comments on my grammer.Disappointed
Ended badly. The characterization was very good the, story weird and the ending was anti climatic and disappointing. The book did keep interested.
Very disappointed with the ending of this book.  Where is the justice????  You allowed her to get away with murder!  Again where is the justice???
Sort of a predictable ending. Didn't quite like the writing style of the back and forth of the characters.Somewhat different and unexpected.
I found the book very slow to begin and had the plot figured pretty quickly.  I didn't see the ending coming.  Overall just a little disappointed.
Storyline was up and down for me.  Thought we needed more from the characters at the end to wrap things up.  Just think it needed a better ending.
Good story but hard to get into and didn't keep my attention. I did like that it keeps you guessing what happened and doubting certain characters.
I had trouble with the fifthy language which doesn't seem necessary  but guess I.m far outnumbered.  I couldn.'t put it down so there you have it.
The story was intriguing and engrossing for about three quarters of the book.  It became implausible in my opinion at the end.  A let down ending.
Bad ending. To read a book like this should have a desired ending. Thank you ............. Thank youAnd why do I have a limit on words
So so. I have mixed feelings. I read this book quickly, which is a sign I was engaged. But I also wanted it to be over way before it was. So-- eh.
I hated the ending. The entire book is an emotional roller coaster and there is no justice in the ending. I was disappointed but still a good read
Havel not been able to finish reading this book before this review can up. What I have read has been interesting. Would like to continue reading.o
I think the book was great, it just lagged in some parts like the author was trying to fill in pages, and the ending did not make any sense to me.
Really good storyline, very fast read, I couldn't put it down. Soooo disappointed in the ending, not sure what I was expecting but that wasn't it.
Intriguing book. I picked it up through my library since I wasn't sure if I wanted to spend the $12 Amazon wanted. Elements of the writing were excellent. The POV kept changing from the Protagonist, to the wife's diary, and then to the wife, all throughout the novel. This kept the plot moving in ways I wasn't expecting, which helped to hold my interest. The middle of the novel got a little dull, since you're waiting to see if the Protagonist can figure out what's really going on. That being said, I wanted to see how it ended.  Without spoiling it, lets just say the ending kept me wondering, ""WTF?!"" I'm glad I read it. It was definitely something different and it would have been a great book for a discussion group, but the ending felt really flat and abrupt. I was happy to return it to the library.
Easy read... good premise... flat characters... boring ending... Was expected... maybe I'll try another... probably I won't... said enough now...
Get sucked in, just like the folks in the book.  Life isn't like this.  Only down air space.  Too bad, because it's exceedingly well thought out.
Written in journal format he/she sides. Took 1/2 the book to get going. But once i got to around pg 200, it took off! Never expected that ending!
I really wanted to read this book before I saw the movie, which got some good reviews.  It was ok, but I was very disappointed at the abrupt end.
Found the introduction very slow reading.  The rest of the book was all right, but I am disappointed with the story after the build up from fans.
Good book. Bad ending. It felt like the author just wanted to finish the story. There was no resolution to a story that was built over 525 pages.
Everyone has already read this, so I really don't need to review it!  However I found it pretty slickly written and easy to read.  A page turner.
While I enjoyed reading the novel, the story line itself didn't exactly keep me enthralled - I'm hoping the movie will be a little more gripping.
I thought the ending was very bland. I hope the movie is better than the book--which to me is almost never the case. This book is way over rated.
Is there going to be a sequel?  It just leaves you hanging. Some parts were boring. Wonder if all her books are like thatboring
Great mystery at beginning and middle but the end was sort of anticlimactic.  Hard to believe a person committed murder and police not interested
Good read, but not exactly comfortable...if you are looking for a romance, don't look here. This is a book about the worst of a husband and wife.
Starts out interesting.  Ends up irritating.  Like the format of alternating chapters told from different perspective.  Should make a good movie.
This is a page turner.  I gave it 3 stars because I didn't like the ending.  It is well written and suspenseful.  I suspect a sequel is in store.
The twists in the story line were good.  I'm not a fan of her writing style.  Too much descriptive writing about things not related to the story.
The characters become predictable after one third of the book and lose their appeal. They seem stereotypic from the beginning and lack real depth
I LIKED THE CONCEPT BUT DID NOT LIKE THE ENDING AT ALL.  WAS DISAPPOINTED IT DIDN'T COME TO A BETTER CONCLUSION.  WHAT HAPPENS TO HIM AND/OR HER.
Gone GirlI didn't know what to make of this book about Nick and Amy and their tumultuous relationship. Her parents  have written Amazing Amy, a story about their daughter that has made them exceedingly rich. This leaves Amy accustomed to the finer things of life, but a woman who was exploited by her parents to gain their wealth.  Amy and her husband Nick move to Missouri  from New York City to live near Nick's sister, Margo (Go) because there's nothing to hold them there. From that point, the story has more twists and turns than you would find in a pretzel factory. Each chapter alternates with Amy and Nick's thoughts on their relationship, creating the plot for the story. It's a good read that kept me curious as to how it was going to end; it didn't end, though-----it just stopped.
It was an interesting story.  I only gave it three stars because I like stories that keep you guessing and this did not, but it was a good read.
The book was interesting, but had no end.  I feel like there should be more. Just like this post more is required and yet I have no more to say.
Interesting twists but by the end of the novel, I didn't care much for any of the characters and felt the end was dissatisfying and unrealistic.
It had a very slow start.  I almost put it away but I knew a lot of people loved it.  I got threw the first couple chapters and ended loving it.
Almost seemed that the  turnabouts seemed to have to be worked too hard. The end did not feel realistic . I  didn't feel that Nick would settle.
I totally dislike Amy ... I wanted Nick to proof the world, he was the good guy. Oh! Well at least I was entertained for a few days.Thanks
Almost couldn't get into it. Didn't like either character for a long time then it got interesting but really didn't like the ending. Rather sad.
I gave it a 3, because the writing was very good, but the ending sucked. What a total letdown. I now have absolutely no desire to see the movie.
The book is a great read, it surprises you and it has its unexpected twists, i was disapointed at the end so thats why im not giving it 5 stars.
Both main characters were mentally disturbed and hard to understand. It had a horrible ending that left you hanging. Maybe left it for a sequel.
Similar to many books that start great and somewhere in the middle start to push the boundaries of credibility and by the end it's totally gone.
Took me awhile to get into the book.  Then it got more interesting but then more predictable.Sick lady-don't want to meet anyone like her!
Can't decide who I like the least in this book. Can't imagine a couple ""agreeing"" to live like this, particularly with a child involved.
I was looking forward to reading this book,but at the end was disappointed. The ending was unexpected and a twist,but I was still disappointed.
The end!  Did not like the ending at all!!!  Very disappointing.  Hate when books have  no closure an  leave  it up to you to decide on ending.
Initially, this is slow paced but it does pick up.  I found it to be quite predictable.  If you are looking for a no brainier.......this is it.
The writing was slow on the beginning.  I didn't like the bouncing back and forth between characters but then got used to it.  Surprise ending!
The end sucked. I saw other people say this in their reviews, but, the book was so good that I figured it couldn't be that bad. I was so wrong.
This book has many entertaining twists and turns, but Amy's voice lacks credibility for this reader. Perhaps the movie will be more convincing.
The book started out with a decent plot but by the ending it was very disappointing. Glad I did not spend the money to go see it at the movies.
I did not like it. I think the story was well-written; but I was disappointed in the dark aspect of this book. I did not want to see the movie.
Lots of graphic detail.  Plot changed often to keep my interest, but I would be careful about recommending it.  Not for everyone.  Now a movie?
Starts out with a great concept, well written and interesting, but then kind of runs out of steam in trying to pull it together and wrap it up.
I absolutely disliked the two main characters and how the book ended, so it took away from the story. Not my favorite book in the entire world.
A great strong well paced story let down by a weak anti-climactic and very disappointing ending! Is there a sequel perhaps to tidy the mess up?
Great book with a good story.  Full of twists and turns.  Love and hate the characters at the same time......until the end.  I hate the ending!
Grabs your attention in the beginning,takes unexpected twist, then becomes overly complicated and a little farfetched.a good read but not great
Hard to put down, but very disturbing.  Scary to think someone that diabolical could exist, but probably does.  Kept me on the edge of my seat.
Riveting story which I mowed through in 1 day.  Hated the ending.  Felt like an attempt to quickly wrap up a story to meet publisher's demands.
Without giving too much away...  the book is about a married couple.  The narrator changes from the husband to the wife with every passing section.  The wife goes missing and you think you know where the story is going to go, but then the middle of the book comes and... BAM.  Everything changes.  Don't get me wrong, I'm glad everything changed because it definitely makes the story more interesting.  But I was prepared to read a thriller and this book is not my version of a thriller.  It keeps you on your toes a bit and there are parts of the story that have that build up effect, but the last section and ending is weird (for a lack of better words).This is a good read, but not really what I was expecting. And it didn't end up being one of those books I needed to read.
I thought it was unrealistic but still it was  just a different type of book so you had to use a lot of patience with this book. Karen brunett
Good Suspense, but I was expecting more from the ending, I think the author has tailored the ending for a sequel at the expense of the ending.
It's a good read with lots of twists and turns. The most interesting thing about it are its observations about men and women in relationships.
Gone Girl was an interesting read up until the end. I wad hoping for a more dramatic ending. I felt like it just kinda fell flat at one point.
Good book but wish the ending would have been different. Was excited to get home to find out what happened next and then utter disappointment.
I enjoyed this book up until the ending. The ending was horrible!  Too many loose ends and unanswered questions.Extremely disappointing.
The ending was a little disappointing but generally I enjoyed the book. There were parts where the mystery was intriguing.  A good summer read
It wasn't really what I expected but wanted to finish it to find out the ending.  Not sure if I would purchase from this author in the future.
The ending was REALLY dissapointing! The body of the story was good, but I could not believe how it was ended... I feel like I wasted my time.
I can see why they made a movie of this book but I did not like the people in the book so I had no one to root for.  They were all screwed up.
Well written but perhaps I wasn't prepared for such a far fetched scenario. Some gal spending months and even years on a gotcha didn't appeal.
although the book read very fast and was interesting, I thought the ending portion was just ridiculous and that ruined the whole book for me!
One of the most unusually written books I have ever read, but a good read, nevertheless.  The author is very creative and I loved the ending!
I think this book was very good but.. I hate Amy. I wish she would have went to jail, lived a miserable life, SOMETHING! I mean what a bi$&h!
This book was confusing in time and voice.  It is one of the few books I've read that I thought the movie was better.  I read the book first.
Surprised that its such a big movie.  I can't imagine how it would work out as a movie when the two people are usually the only ones talking.
The ending was weak. It was a good book till the ending. I was very disappointed in the ending especially how engross I became with the book.
Not mo favorite book of all times.  It sort of wore me out.  While it had an interesting twist at the end, I didn't think I'd live to see it!
It took me a long time to get into the book but finally began to like it.  The ending is predictable and disappointing. Glad I read it but...
The book was recommended to me by a friend.  It was OK but not one I was wild about.  I may or may not look for another novel by this author.
Well written, a lot of twists and turns with an unpredictable ending. I felt like I needed a good emotional hand washing after I put it down.
Daughter recommended  Gone Girl . She loved it .Lots of twists and turns. Not a can't put down for me.Left the door open for ""Amy "" 2
Well written disturbing.Certainly not a warm fuzzy. Like mysteries? Lots of twists  and turns. Nothing like what I thought the title implied.
It stared slow, totally caught me off guard , then ended with no resolution. Looking forward to the movie, I never say that after a good book
I really enjoyed the format of the narrative and the various ""twists and turns"" of the plot but the ending was completely lackluster.
Awesome. Loved how she had me guessing through most of the book. And being able to get to know each characters point of view was awesome too.
I do not like books where the characters constantly antagonize each other. I guess this was what set the tone of the book's plot and outcome.
Quite hard to get going but once in one waits for a different story to unfold.Unusual, but I would have enjoyed a more dramatic ending.
My sympathies kept switching through the read, making the turns in the plot feel like a betrayal. It showed a very ugly side of human nature.
I liked the book for the most part, but didn't like the ending. I understand I'm not the only one.
Absolutely great writing by Flynn, reminds me of the manner in which Garrison Kealor (sp) writes.  Story OK but could have been better done.
In my opinion the crude language was over used.  If it is necessary to the plot and/or setting, OK, but I felt assaulted by it. Unnecessary.
This book started off with a bang, but fizzled at the end. I thought the ending seemed contrived. The writing overall was very good however.
Made a mistake watching movie before  finishing book.  Slow reading. Too much info. Don,t know if I would read any more books by the author.
Scary to think there are women in this world that would be capable of what Amy did and men who stay with them even after learning the truth!
After hearing raves from several people, I finally read it.  It is really predictable and grim.  Can you imagine living this contrived life?
IT TAKES A LOT OF TURNS AND TWISTS. NOT REALLY PREDICTABLE. IT DEFINITELY HELD MY INTEREST ALL THE WAY THROUGH.  NOT SURE I LIKE THE ENDING.
Read the book & didn't find it to be the page turner I was hoping for in the end. Characters are all a bit too shallow and miserable for me.
Over all enjoyed. Well written. But...what the character Amy pulled off became too far fetched. You know longer felt like this could happen.
I enjoyed much of the writing style but the story became predictable with an very unlikely ending. None of the main charaters were likeable.
If I can see the twist and turns what's that say about me?  I found it somewhat predictable but fun. I was surprised by the different ending
It is a lot of monologue for one book but for some reason you just can't put it down. Guess you have to pick it up to find out for yourself!
I did not like the ending...and dragged on at times.  Couldn't  get into any of the characters  took long to read because wasn't captivating
It was interesting but I was disappointed with the ending :( However I liked a lot the psichology of the Characters and the narrative rhythm
It was hard to get into the new perspective per chapter.  It was dull until about a third of the way through.  The ending was anticlimactic.
I think this book started a bit slow but quickly picked up and piqued my interest. It was a page turner with suspense and humorous at times.
it got a little boring but it was oki wasn't crazy about the end though.I would recommend if you have nothing else to read
Had a difficult time getting into it. Difficult to follow at first. I had to bat my eyes when I finished it. I was expecting more intrigue.
A little too much back and forth.....did not love the ending....I thought maybe I missed something....the beginning was better than the end
the book was good until she began her mystery crap...that part was dumb and boring as was time spent with husband afterreturning home
Great story on being dysfunctional. Would have liked the book better if the language hadn't been so bad. That is why I gave it only 3 stars
I was disappointed in the ending. There was nothing resolved. I like a happy ending and I feel so sad and depressed after reading this book
I didn't like the ending. The author had a great chance to leave it open and write a second book, but didn't. The rest of the book I liked.
The book hooked me immediately, but I was very disappointed with ending. I will see the movie and maybe just maybe it will end differently.
It was a great read but i really disliked the ending. Compared to how the rest of the book was, the ending was very weak and disappointing.
I enjoyed this book about 3/4 of the way through, but was disappointed by the ending. It ended abruptly and didn't resolve the major issue.
It was a bit of a mixed bag, just when you thought as something, another thing would happen to change your mind.  But overall, pretty slow.
One of the most enjoyable summer reads I've had in a while and by far the best ""mystery"" novel.  When I first read reviews, I thought the basic premise  sounded like a crappy, late night cable-TV plot, so I was thrilled to be up at 2am trying to will myself to stop reading.  An ambitious premise;  a possible missing/murdered woman's ""story"" told in alternating chapters from the husband's and wife's points of view, the reader is led along a merry trail of red herrings.  Even when I thought I'd figured out the plot (how wrong I was),  the writing was so perceptive and the characters so much more strange and bitter than they first appear, it wouldn't have mattered if the story went nowhere at all. But it did, and I wouldn't spoil it for anyone - just read it.
It didn't captivate me.  Some of it was so predictable, a little absurd and yet there was some suspense but not enough to keep me reading.
I thought the first half of the book was rather boring, and then the rest of the story became  interesting and the ending was frustrating.
The beginning was a little slow, it got really awesome in the middle and the ending was terrible! I was really disappointed in the ending.
1st half slow, 2nd half really good, bad ending. it appears the author was to unable to decide the fate of the characters - disappointing.
A hard one to put down. Had me disliking both characters. Very interested in seeing the movie.  Now I really know I have a great marriage.
Interesting book. Kept you guessing. I didn't like the ending and it seemed drawn out. But would recommend to friends that like mysteries.
Very tough to get through the first half, but picks up after that.  Unfortunately, I kept thinking how are they going to make this a movie
Slow book. Interesting twist. Not one I would read again. All the fun stuff is in the last of the book and it takes too long to get there.
Enjoyable book.  Kept my attention.  Really didn't like the ending.  She should have gotten caught for the grief she put everyone through.
Excellent read! Kept me wanting more throughout the book. The halfway twist was awesome. Wasn't a fan of the ending. I would recommend it.
This book is like an amazing sandwich, but you only get to eat half. Just like the sandwich, this book in the end leaves you unsatisfied.
Overall good book, just wish that the ending was different and Amy didn't win again. Enjoyed the different view points of the characters.
Very good book but didn't care for how it goes back & forth between basically characters diary entries. The ending was very disappointing
Sad story.Not something I usually read.Kept hoping for some form of justice but it never happened.Not a terribly difficult book to write.
The story is great.  But, can't give it a five because of the cursing!  Would have been a much better book without all the ugly language!
I thought the beginning was slow. Enjoyed the middle, although predictable. I gave a lower rating because I did not like the weak ending.
The character's were interesting and the plot of the book was interesting.  I would have given it a better review but I hated the ending.
The premise of the book is interesting. Characters are well developed. It is just that it is so depressed and depraved, you almost choke.
A slow starter, it gets darker and more upsetting as you go.I can't stress how expected to twist is but none the less, a good read.
Good read, but the end was disappointing. Would only recommend with reservations. Interested to see how the upcoming movie will play out!
Just a psychopath , born or developed, it's difficult to know...I found the ending very unsatisfactory but the writing style, captivating
The story line is very interesting actually, but the ending is a huge let down. Read at your own risk if you have nothing better to read.
It took me a while to get through this book.  But once it got going it was very intriguing.  Not quite what I expected, but entertaining.
Not a fan of the ending. I wanted to see so much more, wanted closure. Oh well. On o the next. Definitely not as impressive as the hype.
Was really hard to get into at first, but finally grabbed my attention quarter of the way through.  Was very disappointed in the ending.
Just not that well written and ending wasn't very satisfying.  The plot was innovative and by enlarge held my attention through the end.
I thought the story could have been just as good if some of the bad language had been left out and it could have been more to the point.
Ending was disappointing...felt like there should have been some closure. After all that happened we are left with no dramatic ending :(
Didn't like the writing style but there was a real storyline. Thought there could have been a real ending. Would not read her next book.
This book actually aggravated me! First I was angry at Nick, then Amy! Although I couldntnt put it down, I had to know what happened...!
The majority of the book was pretty interesting and made it hard to put down. The ending however was pretty awful and very unsatisfying.
I was disappointed with the ending. I was expecting something more. I guess the whole book I was hoping something more would happen Amy.
I'm not sure if I wanted to turn the page or tear the book apart sometimes. The characters were very well put together as was the story.
The book had a great buildup but the ending really messed it up for me. I was completely dissatisfied with how the author wrapped it up.
Loved the voice of Amy in the diary. Loved the development of the characters.The ending was a cop out. Total disappointment.
Very good, with a lot of twist! Loved the format but it ended so abruptly, leaving you with questions about the future of the characters
Keeps you on the edge of your seat. Couldn't put it down. The ending was a little bit of a letdown though, I wish Nick got some closure.
Decent read.  Not the pager turner I expected from all the hype.  I would recommend this to most readers as it has an unexpected ending.
Beginning boring, middle loved it, But ending left you hanging to say what? Really, couldnt do any better than that. Was expecting more.
Wow this book is a head trip. You change how you feel more times than I can count. I certainly didn't think it would end the way it did.
Not the best ending. Well written and intriguing. Quick and easy read. Doesn't leave many unanswered questions. Slightly haunting story.
The store kept my attention however I did not like the ending.Still a good read and cannot wait to see what they do with the movie
I would have said this was the best book I had ever read... but the ending ruined the whole entire book... Like reading a lie... smh...
Entertaining beach read but definitely not literature, that's for sure. Not sure what all the fuss is about. Maybe the movie is better?
The characters were not engaging.  They were basically selfish and did not seem real.  The story was suspenseful and surprising though.
Could not get interested.  To much back and forth past and present in same chapter.  Unfortunately was bored half way through the book.
Interesting twist. The beginning and the end almost felt like two different books.  I liked the format and the book kept me interested.
It was well written but seemed too predictable from the beginning.  I enjoy a good mystery but this storyline was a little slow moving.
Language was very bad; story jumped around too much, and it was a typical husband - wife situation now a days.  Did not like it at all.
psycho sick bitches? really! there isn't anything real about these characters, just a caricature. get real, a waste of words and time.5
great book..easy read..I was caught up in it until the end.  didn't like the end ..really.??? need to know what finally happened.
I just wasn't into it at all. yes, there were all kinds of messed up things going on, but for whatever reason, it pained me to read it.
What?! This ending makes me feel crazy. Completely unacceptable. I don't want her to get the last word? Did anyone else feel this way?!
This was an unusual and captivating subject.  It was cleverly written but....dragged in too many places.  The ending was disappointing.
It was interesting enough to make me keep on reading but what I read was not entertaining more curious and couldn't wait for it to end.
It took until I hit the 60% complete to get into this book and didn't like the ending but it's well written and does keep you guessing.
I liked it until the end.  I liked the story but I did not like the ending.  I would recommend it, others may like that kind of ending.
It took a while to actually get into the story where I could follow the sequence of events.  It actually turned out to be pretty good.
Loved the story, very good mystery, but end wasn't so hot. Wanted to read the book before seeing the movie, may not watch movie now...
Because I had heard so much about this book before I read it, I don't think there's any way it could have lived up to my expectations.
The story itself is great, I just didnt like the way it ended at all! Too many unknowns, no closure... disappointing to say the least.
Great book.  Loved the plot twists and the dual perspective approach with the two lead characters.  Disappointed in the ending though.
Was an ok book to read. Did have a good story line. Good characters. Disliked the ending. Mad  me feel like I read it all for nothing.
Gone Girl will take you to through a variety of emotions. I enjoyed reading it until the last quarter of the book. I hated the ending.
Boy, she can write! Great language, figures of speech, narrative. But in the end it's just a thriller, and I was hoping for substance.
Character development is the best part of the book.  Every twist and turn is unexpected but I hated the ending.  Still would recommend
Good book, excellent writing and insight into human emotions, but I found the ending a bit disappointing.  Probably made a good movie.
This book had parts of great interest and intrigue, but they were not as engaging as all the hype I had heard before reading the book.
I just didn't like the story, it was slow and not extremely suspense filled.  Not one of my favorites even though I may see the movie.
and then...slows down and then slows down some more. very well written despite the quick shifts in pacing and definitely worth a read.
I was very disappointed by the non-ending.  There were some very clever plot twists, but a very unsatisfactory closure on many levels.
slow start about half way thru it picks up not as good as her other books but still a decent t read if you can get thru the first half
I couldn't put it down,this book has all the crazy in it. I wasn't thrilled with the ending and was really hoping for another outcome.
An  original story line....that said....it was weird.  I  read  the whole book hoping for an optimistic outcome.....but didn't get it.
I liked the story. Lots of juicy romance. But somehow too simple for my taste.  Just good, not great!  Will try others by this author.
It was a good read until Amy went back to Ben - then i felt like it wasn't really enjoyable - just plodding through it to a dead end!
Gone Girl left me feeling empty and sad. Well written but I didn't care about the characters and it is unnerving when pure evil wins.
Enjoyed the writing style and character development. The ending was rather abrupt, left me disappointed and feeling a little cheated.
I was not impressed with this book or the movie. It was not a easy read. I would not recommend it. Not worth the time or money spent.
I enjoyed the mystery all the way to the end.  It kept me going. I did not like the language!  I can't say I'm happy with the ending.
I loved the book for the first half.  What I hated was the ending.  I felt the author kinda gave up and just wanted to end it.  Sorry
I hate the way this book is written - the back and forth between characters' point of views.  I just wasn't thrilled about this book.
The book had a great story, but the ending was horrible! I think it needed another chapter or two. Very let down by the way it ended.
Everyone I spoke to about book , said very good.I thought it was written well, but didn't like it.I hope movie is better.
Good novel, engaging from the beginning.  Losses a bit of focus when bouncing from storyteller to storyteller but enjoyed it overall.
I would have given this book a 5 star, but the ending could have had more of an impact.  I felt like she just wanted to stop writing.
The story was great!  I just wasn't too impressed with the language and lewdness in parts of the book.  The ending was rather ironic.
Started off great and then by the middle I was  hooked. However the ending seemed rushed and I was disappointed at how it just ended.
The book was good, not great. I found it predictable and more of a beach read. It held my interest enough to want to finish the book.
The book was well written.  I liked how it took the different perspectives of the main characters.  I expected it to end differently.
Interesting book but not as well written as I'd hoped. Definitely suspenseful, though, enough for me to want to read the other books.
The book kept me entertained and amused. Not earth shattering, but good. I enjoyed heading from both main characters. Give it a shot.
i was VERY INTO this book.  A page turner.. but at the end I felt kind of ANNOYED that I read all those pages for that s****y ending.
Some couples are described as being a perfect match: made for each other. Gillian Flynn takes that notion to the extreme in her entertaining novel, Gone Girl. Wife Amy has gone missing on her fifth wedding anniversary to husband, Nick. Exposition in the novel alternates between Amy and Nick, and Flynn delighted me as she made these two characters totally unsympathetic to any reader. There are two sides to every relationship, and Flynn shows us the worst in both sides of this very toxic marriage. By the end of the novel, I was totally entertained, and satisfied that Nick and Amy are a perfect match. Readers who like offbeat, dark humor are those most likely to enjoy this novel.Rating: Three-star (Recommended)
OK but I had a hard time staying interested at first.  I had read over half before I got to the point where I could not put it down.
Good in general. Was expecting a different ending but that was part of the surprise I suppose. I really didn't know who to root for.
Entertaining like a Nancy Drew mystery. Plods along for the first half, then becomes interesting until the lackluster abrupt ending.
Didn't care for this book.  Saw the movie and thought it was really weird. Hope no one in real life would do this to their husband!!
It was better after I read it a second time. I was confused by the chapter changes first time through. Better after I saw the movie.
Good story and fast read, but for about 2/3's of the novel it remains terribly predictable. This is definitely mindless summer read.
No real character development. I could have read an outline of the plot as read the whole book. An adult cartoon with a clever plot.
It was good but slow to start. Once it does get to the middle the story picks up.  The end left me a bit puzzled. Did not expect it.
Highly over rated - to me a slow book. Hope the movie is better. Probably wouldn't recommend.Maybe her other books are better.
I hope no one lives their life like Amy and Nick.  A story of bad parenting and the results.  I believe many people miss that point.
Strange novel but kept me guessing until the end.  Very readable but sure wasn't expecting the ending and won't be seeing the movie.
I feel it is a strong book.  Twisted persons.  Sociopaths.  Well written but too strong for my taste.  Do not know how the movie is.
It is a good book but the end is really really weak. But if you believe the journey is what is important than you'll enjoy the ride.
I knew from the first page what the results would be.  it was engaging enough to finish the book.  I didn't like how the book ended.
It was ok.  I read it because it had so many 5 stars, was a little surprised by that.  It took me quite a while to even get into it.
This writer has a great imagination and I really enjoyed reading this book until reaching the end.  The ending was a disappointment.
I would not waste my money on it again or recommend you buy it at all but def read when you are on a plane or board and need a read,
Love the sick characters in this book, but felt disappointed at the ending.  Once you start reading, it's hard to put the book down.
Spoiler alert-I was disappointed in the ending. And I will be observing my daughters in law more closely. People can be chameleons.
Read it because of the hype and some of the reviews.  Generally thought it overrated, at best 3 stars.  Couldn't wait to finish it.
There is a Pledge and a Turn (many brilliant turns), but no 'Prestige'... a fantastic, almost flawless buildup that goes nowhere :(
Lots of good twists and turns. Decent character development. But, anyone reading this book could have come up with a better ending.
Good read until the end which left me hanging.  Setting us for for the sequel???  I prefer a book that brings closure to the story.
Good book, I couldn't put it down. Altough the end was very disappointing, maybe because I'm a ""happy ending"" kind of girl.
It was a page turner for a while.  However, once she called Desi, the outcome seemed obvious.  It wasn't, but the mystery was gone.
I read these books purely for entertainment. The characters in this book are pretty much all unlikable, but they are entertaining.
Promising marriage drama in context of post-2008 economic situation changes to a way cheaper psychopath/media-everywhere thriller.
Great style to the story, interesting characters, intriguing premise, and engaging story line. Then a fizzzzzle ending. Oh well, .
Good read for the first 75%,  kept me turni g pages like a good book does. Theending was disappointing, not very believeable
Overall 3.5 stars as it does get interesting at times. But just so hard to believe what Amy did and ending by Nick was so blahhhh.
There is no way these two people would end up like they did.  No way!Terrible ending ... Amy is psycho and Nick is spineless
Book was great until the end. Disappointing.All build up.Could have been an awesome story... Instead just an o.k. one.
It was ok, but I had the ending figured out less than a third of the way in.  Only read it because so many people talked about it.
The writing style is skillful and so comfortable to read. However, there is really only one twist that was rather too predictable.
I EXPECTED MORE...WAS NOT TO MY LIKING AS FAR ASTHRILLERS GO...NO SURPRISE ENDING...I WAS NOTSYMPATHETIC TO NEITHER NICK OR AMY.
I liked the book. Slow starting for me but once the suspense started it definitely kept my attention. Now I want to see the movie!
The book definitely was a thriller that I didn't want to put down.....until the last chapter. Hopefully, a sequel is in the works.
Took me a while to get into it, found it a little slow to begin with but by half way through it had me not wanting to put it down!
The ending could have been rewritten to give one of the characters a new life.  They are both miserable and a unbalanced mentally.
As in life, not every ending is a compelling one.  Great novel all the way through and then near the end just sort of petered out.
Read this because I heard it's a great book. But I feel like it went on n on... Did not like the ending! Hope the movie is better!
Great suspense and twists throughout the book. Great characters, emotional ride... Weak ending. He had to get her....he had to....
A disappointment as this book came highly recommended. There were some interesting parts but on the whole I could have skipped it!
I really wanted this book to turn out differently. Very disappointing ending. You're immediately intrigued ans then it's just over
Very well written....but way too dysfunctional for me, which is kind of what I had assumed before I read it...but glad that I did.
Very slow going .  Did improved as it continued.  The writing was very unsophisticated.  Disappointing and hard to believe ending.
In the beginning the storyline was intriguing but as the book progressed the plot became lost and flat.  I would not recommend it.
Writing was engrossing  and fluid. In my opinion, the ending was a bit awkward. It just seemed a bit over the top and unrealistic.
Unusual. If you're in a rut, it was very interesting, but different. A little bit of a ""psycho"" book.Mertie from Tn.
Plot twists were great - maybe too good.Expectations were not met in the end. I was thoroughly disappointed with the ending.
Ending left me a little disappointed. Wasn't what I thought. Maybe I just didn't get it... hopefully, the movie version is better.
The storyline is a bit drawn out and the ending is dissappointing but there are a number of plot twists that keep it interesting.
Great story. Suspenseful all the way through. Horrible ending tho. like sitting on a teeter totter not sure which way it will go.
The story moves along erratically.  It's just an okay book.  Don't know what all the hype was about.  Lousy anti-climatic ending.
The book was well written and intriguing however I did not like the ending. It was too unbelievable and sad for the unborn child.
This story had such a great build up but then it was like the author didn't know what to do so she just ended it.  What a bummer.
This didn't surprise me enough. I think the hype ruined this book unfortunately. Perhaps Flynn's others are much better. Oh well.
Not a bad story, but the pace moved too slow. The story was building to what could have been a better ending. I was disappointed.
slow to start and get into. disliked both main characters.  did want to know more in the end. don't know if I will read next book
I found  the story to be too unbelievable to be true, and the ending way off beamdon't know what every one is raving about.
So many plot holes and improbable character motivations, but an entertaining story nonetheless.  It's okay.  Not great, but okay.
I thought the book was pretty good. Lots of twists, overall it's worth reading but not all that believable, a little far fetched.
Slow to get into, lots of twists and turns that we're good but don't like how it ended... Hanging, wonder what the movie is like?
The story is great. If possible, buy the hardback book. The font in this paperback was almost impossible to read it was so small.
This is one book that should make a better screenplay. I heard the ending was changed and look forward to it whatever the climax.
This book was very mediocre....I kept waiting to love it but never did. The ending was terible and the whole book led to nothing.
just ok.so. so.not great.thought I would enjoy it more than I did.the characters are not likeable either.
Some parts were amazing but others not so much....Ending was definitely unexpectedFelt like th e novel was Incomplete
Mabe I heard too much hype...not sure...but I figured this one out way ahead of time.  A little too crazy and ridiculous for me.
The first half of this book almost made me not finish it...It ended up being decent but geesh it took a while to get there
good for awhilethe ending failed and the last few chapters were neverendingentertaining on the beach but not stellar
I wasn't as excited about this as everyone else was, I guess. I thought the ending was very disappointing and the story dragged.
I hated every character in this book and wanted something more then ""happily ever after"" even if it was fake in the end.
It was well written but often predictable -- and I could not like any of the characters. I consider that a major flaw in a book.
It had a lot of foul language. The story itself was really easy to get sucked into but then the ending was rather anticlimactic.
I enjoyed the read, but I kept waiting for the twist.  When it came, it was disappointing.  We are not defined by mass hysteria.
Disappointing ending.  All the suspense building up to the climax is deflated by the unrealistic and rather unbelievable ending.
Enjoyed the book, kept imagining the characters from the movies in each situation, keep me on my toes - didn't care for ending -
Main characters are not like able, but was hard to put book down. Hated the ending and the idea a psychopath was having a child.
I didn't like the style of writing by reading one person's thoughts and another one's diary. The story didn't have a conclusion.
Not what I expected and difficult to stay interested!!! I was hoping for a different ending...looking forward to the movie still
Interesting book and storyline. Not my favorite. Characters were well written, but the story was too hateful and graphic for me.
It had the element of suspense, however, I found it a bit hard to keep my interest. Maybe because I just don't get nutty people.
The book was recommended and was hyped as an awesome read - was too drawn out for me.  I did like the sinisterness of the story.
It is a very hard book to get into at first.  After several pages, it starts to get better. I did not care for the way it ended!
Easy to read and follow. Nice twist to it. Written in actual sentences the way people talk. I would suggest this book to others.
Unsatisfing ending. The rest of the book moved slowly, but was okay. There were some nice plots twists that I didn't see coming.
I read this book b/c it's turning into a movie. It was a hard book to finish. Interesting storyline but I wouldn't recommend it.
I didn't enjoy this book as much as I thought I would given the reviews. Was it my state of mind at the time or the story line ?
The book was entertaining and I really enjoyed the first 3/4 of it.  The last 25% got a little silly and could have been better.
I grew tired of their dysfunction by the end of book. I wanted both characters to just go away. Who could really live like that?
The book was great but, I was disappointed by the ending.  There where other ways it could have ended to make it a better story.
I enjoyed the suspense of the book but the ending and climax felt a little rushed and left me with a lot of unanswered questions
I didn't like the main characters in this book.  Both were sick and selfish. I wasn't able to identify with anyone. Disappointed
Loved the book - very well written. Don't want to give it away but I was really disappointed by the ending. Will not read again.
Crafty story, bad ending.Didn't like the language but I had to keep reading to see how it ended.  Should have put it down.
My husband read this book.  He found it to not keep his interest.  He stated he is hoping the movie will be more to his liking.
I didn't like the ending.  It was weird to me that they stayed together.  I have to say that the ending was very unpredictable.
Good read all the way through.  Wished the end were different, but you find yourself hating both characters at different times.
Well written and easy to read.  I felt like the ending was a disappointment after all the twists and turns throughout the book.
I was very disappointed in the ending. Will not see movie. Otherwise it was an ok read. Did not care for all the foul language.
It is full of plot and counterplots, cunning and killing, but keep you on edge. Very complex, but the end is a ""bummer
The two most unlike able main characters I've ever read lol. Interesting twists and turns, with a wtf ending (not in a bad way)
Story alittle wordy, didn't get interesting until half way through.  Didn't care for the ending as no one should go unpunished.
Sick. Sick. Sick. Sick. I wanted Amy to die too. That there was a better ending. And Nick could have a life. And I am a female!
Well written story of two despicable people. Felt like I needed to shower when I was thru. Will not seek out this writer again.
I really did not like the way the book ended. There really wasn't a resolution. I felt that I wasted my time reading this book
Very disappointed in the ending.  The main characters had no redeeming qualities so it was hard for me to appreciate the book.
Terrible ending made me feel like I had wasted my time to read it. She writes well too bad she wasted her efforts on this one.
This novel gave you the story from two points of view helping the reader walk through the book in two different sets of shoes.
An interesting character study, but it felt like 85% build up and 15% delivery. Not exactly the page turner I was looking for.
Definitely keeps you on the edge of your chair.  Would prefer less descriptive unimportant details, made the book a long read.
I could not get into the book at first, but then held my interest about half way through.  Was very disappointed at the ending
I thought the book started slow but eventually picked up.  However did not like the ending felt as though it left you hanging.
Very easy reading while I was in hospital but probably wouldn't recommend as a book for those that enjoy more complex writing.
Suspenseful.  Author made me want to continue reading to the end.  Language could have been modified.  It doesn't add to plot.
Had a good story line but the ending was disappointing. The author should have made up their mind on how it should have ended!
The story line was great and I was really into this book....but I hate a book with an unfinished ending...but that is just me.
Frustrating story........crazy ending.  I wouldn't read it again.  Cannot say more, read awhile ago. That's all I want to say.
it started out so slow i almost stopped reading, the second half it started getting better.  the end was rather anti clamitic.
It's a page-turner, but the book's premise becomes somewhat forced toward the end. Good read for the beach or a rainy weekend.
Somewhat interesting during the story build up but then a poor conclusion. Seems to be s setup for a sequel which I won't buy.
This book was long winded. No substantial ending. It was toted to be good but I guess I disagree.I wasnt crazy about it.
I did not like how it went back and forth between the 2 characters, but all-in-all it was a good read. Better than the mobie.
It was a good enough read but I was very disappointed in the ending.  I thought the ending should have had Amy going to jail.
I hated the ending, I was not happy with the story in general. I got the book for book club, and I didn't enjoy it that much.
I enjoyed it for the most part, but found it boring in the beginning. The main female character was very clever and deranged!
It's a good, compelling story, but the language is very graphic and vulgar. Do people really use language that is that crude?
The ending pretty much ruined the book for me.  I admit, at times it held my interest pretty well, a lot of twists and turns.
The book is well written.  It brought out too many negative emotions and to me had a negative ending.  Glad I read it though.
The ending was very disappointing. I flipped the page 3 times before I realized the next page was indeed the acknowledgments.
Did not like the ending of the book, I assume there will be a sequel, other then the ending the book did keep you in suspense
I like the story and the twists in the story, but the language is awful. If you can't stand the F bomb and GD, don't read it.
Well-written but utterly unbelievable story.  By the time I got to the end I was just shaking my head. How did it go so awry?
I didn't like the writing style and found it difficult to read.  It was over the top unbelievable from the beginning as well.
Unexpected ending, but both characters are really screwed up so it stands to reason that they should get together in the end.
The whole book was a page turner but the ending was so strange.  I just finished and am speechless and a little disappointed.
It was a page turner until about 80% of the way through then I had to force myself to finish. It jumped the proverbial shark.
This book was actually really good up until the last third. At this point the plot fell apart and was a real disappointment b
This book had me at the edge of my seat. So many twists and surprises. I just wish the ending was better. Kind of a let down.
Alright book. Made me angry at times. Lots of twists and turns. Ending was alright could have been better. All over good read
It starts out like a Lifetime movie of the week, but oh, the places you'll go. This sucker's got more twists than a sock hop.
I would have liked seeing Amy locked up. Somehow, somewhere she needed to be taken down. l really wanted Nick to be the hero.
Not a great book.  I kept expecting something to happen and then the book was finished and there was no realconclusion.
Hmmm....should have waited for it to come out on DVD.  Don't get me wrong ...it was good....just not as great as I was hoping
If you like books with an ending, this is not for you.  The first 3/4 of the book is 5 stars.  The last 1/4 gets zero stars.
It didn't really become interesting until about half way through the book.  The ending was a little bit of a disappointment.
A little slow to start but ended up being a pretty crazy story. Enjoyed reading after I got about 1/3 of the way through it.
nice but.....Esther Racing a verter renting, more shocking. Che got away with it way to easy....Could have been better. Tali
Exceptional writing! Lots of twists and turns... Keeps your interest. A bit slow towards the end.. But overall a great read.
This book exposes the reader to abnormal people. It was not enjoyable reading it. It needs a different ending in my opinion.
Loved 90% of the book ! Great twists , held my attention . The end though ? It's like the writer got bored and just stopped.
to the end I can see why itcaught enough interest for someone to make a movie.I will definitely read more of her books
This bike was highly recommended, however, I was not impressed.  First novel I've read by G. Flynn may try another later on.
Interesting plot, some good twists, but the ending let me down.....a sequel??? If not, the ending was worse than I thought .
I did not like the switching back and forth between the characters throughout the book. It did not flow enough for my taste.
I got bored at the end of this book. Can't believe it'll be a movie soon. Ben Aflec is not at all who I would have imagined.
So many raves about this book. It was fantastic from page 200 forward, but the first half of the book was so painfully slow.
This novel started very slowly. I did not like either main character. The tension builds up and you want to see how it ends.
Loved the twists in the plot but the ending was too short with no closure at all. Wondering if there is some hidden meaning?
Fairly well written -but I did want to find out what happened so I finished it.Not the best nor the worst I've read recently
Not the best writing but it kept me intrigued, especially towards the second half. Hate the ending but it keeps you thinking
I wanted to like this book, and it was good, but the ending was  GONE OVER THE TOP.  Interesting idea but fell short for me.
Twists and turns at every corner...Page turning to the very end...Re-defines the fine line between love and hate
It was a little odd.  First to experience the hate and than staying together.  She was a true psyco, but what does make him?
took forever to get going.  Several good twists but sort of boring.  Maybe the movie will be better. The police were boring.
It kept me guessing.  I've recommended it to friend who like to read.  It could have been better.  Will try her other books.
Too long.  Once I started, I kept reading, but it just wasn't  that interesting. Shorter might have been sweeter.  Oh we'll.
Based on reviews , introductory chapter on kindle , I read it . Normally I don't read books written by female authors , but I read "" The Witching Hour "" and The Wolf's Gift "" and couldn't tell any discerning differences . But , as I assumed , this is female writing . I doubt I will read another female novelist because the line with Anne rice is nonexistent while , a womans perspective in writing isn't for me . Nevertheless , a pretty good book .It's just a little soft . She even accredits her husband at the end to sharing with her how men think . It's alright .Entertaining like some books are entertaining but just for their mediocre appeal as to what happens next .
My least favorite of Flynn's three books. It surprised me that it was chosen to make a movie. Book still superior to movie.
I don't care for ""gotcha"" plots, and that is the story here. A decent read but then began to feel like brain candy.
Very well written and I felt like i really got a good sense of the characters the only down side was a lot of back tracking
Usually a movie makes you want to read a book and the book is better - not the case here. Too slow and too much Amazing Amy
Entertaining in a perverse way.  No message to lift or inspire.  Just nasty people who go on and on. Writing isn't too bad.
I had high hopes after a slow start with the middle being very suspenseful but it went to totally unbelievable very quickly
Have just getting to know the characters,Nick and Amy, so far so good, it is the first I have read a Gillian Flynn's novel.
caught my interest almost to the end.  But the ending seemed too contrived.  Thought the author could do better at the end.
When you're behind by two points and in field goal range with one second left, you don't punt! That's what this author did.
Slow read in the beginning and the story made my stomach turn. Wasn't a huge fan of how the story ended, but it made sense.
Smartly written. Terrible ending. I was left wanting more. It seemed to drag out toward the end only to be left incomplete.
While I can't say this is a bad book,I didn't enjoy it.The characters were real,plot also but it was not a pleasurableread.
This book could've ended halfway through Part 2. It has a dragged-out denouement that isn't very engaging for a ""thriller.
The writing was very good and very descriptive of the characters . After a while  the whole plot became unbelievable to me.
I really cannot post anything here as I have not started reading this book yet, but hopefully will start within a few days.
Wasn't going to read it when I started it, but I had to find out if he really killed her.  She was a self centered person.
What a plot twist! Slow at some parts. Then boom! Totally unexpected ending! Cannot wait to read this authors other books.
I was waiting for one great ending and then... fizzle. One of the worse endings ever... if you can even call it an ending.
I wish the ending was different? Not the direction that that you think it's going to go in. Otherwise pretty entertaining.
Although it was a fairly quick read, I was so disappointed with the ending......all I could think was ""Seriously?
Took about 1/3 of the way to get what was going on  Good book after that. Would recommend it. Would like to see the movie.
It's was really good but took awhile to get into it.  Felt all over the place bit now that I'm done it all fell into place
I wanted to read the book because it's always better than the movie.  Didn't love the end but I won't spoil it for others.
That's the end. Seriously?  It's like the writer just stopped writing.  I expected more than all the fuss about this book.
I thought this book was going to be a thriller, however after the halfway part it just became disturbing.  Messed up stuff
did not like the ending. I lost interest towards the end I just read it to complete the book.. I will try her other books.
Great twists throughout the storyline. It kept me guessing but the ending could've been better. Too much of a cliffhanger.
Suspenseful for the most part. A little slow and redundant at times. Easy read. Great for a rainy day or weekend get away.
Good paced, enjoyed most of book - very disappointed in ending. Looking forward to seeing what hollywood does with the end
Lots of twists and turns. I simply do not like stories that end without people getting what is due in some form or manner.
The book started off good and I couldn't put it down.  The story became predictable but the ending was very disappointing.
I didn't want to put it down. But it should have ended sooner. Good read. Would recommend. Will read more from this author
I have friends who recommended this book but I'm finding it very slow. If you like a fast paced mystery, it's not for you.
I couldn't put the book down, but didn't expect the ending.  Well written and descriptive characters.  Hoping for a sequel
Things seemed kinda slow in the beginning but once I was 1/2 way into the book I couldn't wait to see what happened next.
A little weak in storyline development in the first half, picked up in the second half. The finish was unrealistic to me.
I expected more from this book. So much of it was contrived and overdone.  Actions and dialogue were totally unbelievable
Ok, strange and twisted as it was I couldn't put this book down. Finished at a feverish pitch.  Found language offensive.
I liked the story....but the ending was a let down!  I was expecting someone to get killed.  I will read her other books.
The only thing that kept me reading was the expectation of a climactic or surprise ending. The only surprise was neither.
Loved this book until the ending.  Terrible ending.  Was left feeling really ripped off.  Not going to see the movie now.
Writing was great ...kept you going but story line disturbing. Didn't like the ending...Will try another one of her books
Don't think I would read this author again?  Language was unnecessary in my opinion.  Story jumped around too much.  End.
This book ""Gone Girl"" , took a very long time to get into it. I think I really only enjoyed the last quarter of the book.
I was extremely disappointed with the ending. Nick could have done more. They are both psychos. Enough said! Enough said!
This  was a complete, addictive, page-turner for me for the first 90% if the book,  After that, I struggled to finish it.
I really liked the book, couldn't put it down but the ending was a total disappointment.  I want to know what happened...
The book was written in diary form which I didn't like.  The story took too long to develop and it was very far-fetched.
Entertaining build up in this book but an awful ending that really ruins all the good that is done in previous chapters.
Pretty good. this book got a lot of rave reviews but I'm not sure about the ending.Feels like something is missing
Good writing, very intriguing first half, but then it goes off the rails and draggggggs on endlessly.  Very poor ending.
It was a really good book. I love the way story line, and the way it was told. However, I feel like it was way too long.
So many twists and turns, this book is definitely not predictable. Not very fond of the ending but still worth the read.
I was hooked fairly quickly, and then couldn't wait for her to ""get it"" in the end. And then she didn't. Boo....
Wow!!! Hard to get into at first but just keep reading. You won't be able to put it down once you get 1/2 way through it
For all the hoopla, I'm rather disappointed with the ending.It makes me not want to bother seeing the movie.
It was a good story, but had a lot of language.  Sometimes it was hard to get past the language and back into the story.
Okay, but a little slow in parts. I can't say I loved the ending either. It did have some twists that kept me interested
Not the usual read . Compelled to finish. Would read this author again . You just never know where the story is headed .
This book really kept your interest with many twist and turns. However the ending was awful. Not what I expected at all.
depressingly sad novel of a crazy woman manipulating everyone around her and ending up getting just what she wants. yuck
Guess after seeing it on the best seller list for so long I expected something better but to much inner thinking for me.
This book was ok. It was a quick read due to it being journal type entries but the plot was drawn out for way too long.
I liked it up until the end. I was expecting some kind of explosive ending but felt disappointed reading the last page.
The book was wonderful until the ending.  I was so disappointed with the ending that I have no desire to see the movie!
Crazy story.  Liked the book in general.  Liked the way it was written.  Hated the ending.  It was disappointing to me!
So unbelievably far fetched.  The only reason to finish is the satisfaction of justice.  And the reader doesn't get it.
I found this book difficult to get started.  It was my book club's choice so I did finish it.  Not one of my favorites.
I didn't enjoy the ending! Nick needed to get out of that marriage! And Amy belongs in prison for the rest of her life!
The book didn't grab me.  I just couldn't get into the book.  And I really didn't like the ending.  A bit weird for me.
The ending leaves the reader hanging.  The book itself was very good until the end.  Wouldn't recommend it.  Thank you.
This book was very interesting and twisted! I couldn't put it down, never expected what was coming be next. Great book!
Not a bad book but I think it just went on in arrears to long!! Love the story just took to long to get to the point!!
It was very cleverly thought out - the whole mystery puzzle. But I still don't really see what the hype was all about.
This book most certainly keeps your interest and is very entertaining!  The ending leaves a LOT to be desired, though.
Great read until the last 4 pages, keeps you on your toes wanting to read more. But then, total let down at the end :(
It's good until the end. I don't usually complain about endings, but the other reviews are right. The end is horrible.
I felt like this book was slow to start and I'm not sure that I understand the end. I might give Flynn another chance.
The book has been interesting with some surprising turn of events.  I heard there was going to be a movie of the book.
Wanted a better ending. I feel like there was no closure. I would still recommend the book for anyone who's interested
Absolutely great, up until the ending. Had that been better I probably would have given it 5 starts. Good read though.
It just wasn't that interesting for me.  We all have different tastes!  Too many great books to read to waste on this.
Intricately plotted but not a favorite of mine.  Definitely scary and some people like that.  It did keep me guessing.
That is my mind at this point. Blank. I'm simply astonished by the ending of this book...Nick and Amy. Neither of them like-able characters. They have a disastrous marriage and are both bitter, angry people. I have read enough of Gillian Flynn to know that she is a dark writer, and she IS brilliant at what she does, but this one just didn't appeal to me.I've read reviews about the ending being terrible, I wouldn't say it's the worst I've ever read, it appeals to a certain audience. I don't know that I'd readily recommend this one, but if you liked her other books, give it a try.That's all I've got...
Was a slow start at first.  Did not like the ending....it left much to be desired.  Don't think I would recommend it.
Very weird book. I was excited to read it because the movie was so highly rated & I just think it is kind of twisted.
I was not at all impressed by this book. Maybe the hype of the movie elevated my expectations, but I found it boring.
I read it to the end looking for something worth the time I had spent,but there wasn't anything.  Very disappointing!
To be honest I passed this one on to someone who said they enjoyed it . I watched the movie instead hence the 3 stars
I really liked the storyline but I found that there were points that we stale and really took me long to get through.
It was a great thriller but that's it. The narrative mechanics were well executed but it is meant to be a beach book.
Painful story with an irrational outcome. Well written, characters well drawn but not appealing. Ending unsatisfying.
I have to admit, I expected something different & more disturbing. Oh well! Maybe the movie is better, we will see...
I did not care for the ending .... the last third seemed to drag on with no definite conclusion was bothersome to me.
but I anticipated the twists due to the movie hype. Knowing the movie is out did help me to visualize each character.
Really! No justice for ""D"". The ending was ""garbage"". You cannot call it an ending, call it quitting!
Whatever. Very engaging and then falls apart at the end. Lame. Probably won't read her other books. Lame. Lame. Lame.
Good read.  Felt a little predictable in some areas relating to descriptions but also easy to relate too.  Enjoyed it
Suspencful and terror, I loved it.  And I understand it is not her best.  What a resourceful woman (the protagonist).
It took a while to get involved then when I finally did, I didn't like the way it ended. Amy needed to get found out.
One word, twisted!!!! What this woman does through this book is unbelievable. I was surprised all the way to the end.
It kind of dragged until the middle. Which is when the excitement began. The ending... Well that's a different story.
Awesome book until the end! I just don't get the ending unless its went over my head totally. Otherwise a great read.
Interesting read ...disturbingly good. Now I can rent the movie and know I want be let down. I couldn't put it down.
I was really into the book until the ending. Then I was just disappointed. The end of this book seemed anticlimactic
Loaded with suspense.  Twists and turns in every chapter. Entertaining and a very easy read.  Great for a rainy day.
Ending was horrible.  Was planning on seeing the movie, but won't waste my time. Very disappointing to say the least
Hard to get into in the beginning.  Too.drawn out.  Did not end on a great note but maybe the sequel will be bEtter.
Did not care for the story. Was surprised because it made it big at the box office. Plan on seeing it at the movies.
I don't like the writing but found the story interesting enough to keep going. Story about a smart antisocial. Done.
Easy reading  - got interesting mid-through - the reason I gave it 3 stars is the ending disturbed me.  That's all -
very different.  Can't even think about the movie.  I read it because it is such a NOW thing.  It was rather boring.
It was hard for me to get it to this book probably due to language. Liked the story especially the twist at the end.
The writing is brilliant but the two main characters are despicable and in the end they are where they started from.
I was into it completely until the very end.  I probably will tell my friends that some people loved it,  I did not!
But the end was lame and odd toMe.  Without giving it away, it was just sort of disappointing and uninspiring.
Good story but  a little disappointed  with the ending! Stay with it though . Fast reading , see who's side you take
very non reaalistic to much diary connecting and so forth ending should of been different  not good for a movie make
The writing is excellent, I just found the last third of the book to be ridiculous and it sort of ruined it for me.
I am a fan of the writing style and have enjoyed other books written in this format but this one didn't capture me.
It was a book that started slow but about halfway through it got your attention. The ending could have been better.
The book overall was pretty good. It started a little slow then picked up but the ending was a huge disappointment.
It was ok really bizarre. I wish Amy would have been arrested. Just shows how very dysfunctional people really are.
This book got me hooked...up until the end which I didn't really like. It's like the last chapter has been cut off.
Hated the ending. Interesting story; I like how it's woven together, but the ending was just too incredible for me.
Very fluffy in the beginning, then quite disturbing, I found the ending unsatisfactory. An reasonable holiday read.
A real page Turner. Disturbing view of the human psyche. Hard to imagine someone as warped as Amy. Very clever plot
Haven't finished reading the book yet.  Can't get interested in it.  Reading the Montana series that I really enjoy
I didn't""t like the use of the F word constantlyWill recommend to my sisterI have read better books
I have heard so much about this book but I was a little disappointed at the end .  Anti-climatic! Very good writing
The book keeps you on your toes, but you will either love the ending or hate it.  There is no true hero or heroine.
Almost boring at times. Will not waste more time going to the movie. I kept wondering why I kept reading this book.
So fiction, trying hard to be like Glenn Close and Michael Douglas in Fatal Attraction. Shallow, not worth my time.
Another point of view about murder / kidnapping in a family. The plot twisting is good but some parts are too long.
Didn't like the story, but read it to the end because it was so intriguing.  It came on time and in good condition.
Book, was a good read, the ending, however was less than satisfactory for me! It did keep me anxious until the end!
I enjoyed much of the book but was really disappointed with the ending.  Not sure I'd buy another from thus author.
This is a strange book. Though I don't regret reading it,I would not read a 2nd time! It has a unfulfilling ending.
Very different ending than anticipated. Really wanted Amy to get what she deserved. Even after Nick did what he did
I really enjoyed this page-turner of a ""marriage-gone-wrong"" mystery until very close to the end.  I won't spoil it but, what a disappointment after a wild ride of psychological and relationship twists and turns that kept creating different impressions of the two main characters.  In the end, however, I realized that though the portrait of the husband was never clear enough, the sketch of his character didn't fit with the resolution of the plot.  Such a shame, because I can think of several better approaches and began doing so as the plot began to falter.  Well-written and fast moving, but ultimately, disappointing.
It was an ok read. I was a little disappointed and thought it was a little slow for all the hype that it received.
Still reeling about the ending.  It was not what I expected.  The author explained well why that needed to happen.
I thought the writing could have been better actually Sue Grafton would have done a better job!Sorry Gillian
This is not my favorite novel.  The main characters are not believable, except the sister.  What a disappointment.
The ending SUCKED!!  I'm so pissed I read 555 pages for it to end the way it did!  I just knew she was going down!
This was a very suspenseful read. Very creative story.The language is terrible. To much use of the ""f"" word.
Did not care for the ending, good up until the last chapter or two.  Felt like it was just left open for a sequel.
I can't believe this book was the best sellers list. If this book was not for book club I would not have finished.
I did not care for the way this book ended. anti climatic. too much hype about this book. some interesting twists.
Not bad until the end...then I wanted to throw it across the room. Read it, but don't expect to be happy about it.
Did not always hold my interest.  I'm going to try some other books by this author. Rather strange way to present.
Ok but hated the ending. Like the author was tired of writing. Not imagination wraping up the whole story too bad.
Interesting turn of events easy to read hard to put down feel you get to really know the characters as real people
I was really loving this book until the last section. I thought the characters were really well developed, to the point that I was starting to cast the movie in my head (Charlize Theron as Amy?  Frances McDormand as Boney?).  The twists and turns were really interesting and I though ""wow - I can't wait to see how THIS ends!!""  Then I got to the last section, which I found to be fairly implausible - I mean, seriously - Desi didn't have an alibi for July 5?  But I kept at it thinking the ending would be amazing. And then all of a sudden, it just....stopped.  I'm glad I checked this one out from the library :(
I had high hopes for this because everyone said it was so good but I just really didn't care for it. It was okay.
I enjoyed this book, it was unpredictable and the ending was a surprise - not all nice and tidy as so many books.
It was good but it got better near the end. It just took a while especially with each of them telling their story
the basic story was good but sometimes it was dragging in the beginning but after i got in to it i enjoy the book
It was just okay. The concept was good, but the delivery was not. I never found myself being drawn into the book.
I didn't know that people can be so vicious.  ""I'm the bitch who makes you a man.""  And that she was.....
Meh.....it started strong but lost me. If you're going to watch the movie read the book, it will make more sense.
Just ok did not like the way it ended. Hopefully there is a sequel to this story maybe then things will make set.
Really?! This ending is very frustrating! Looking forward to the movie. Not sure this is what I was expecting. ..
Hated the ending. Felt Amy should have been punished for her crimes. Felt so let down by the ending. Wanted more.
Great story but at the end it was like Nick gave up instead of machinating the revenge I craved and Amy deserved.
It starts out slow. But if you give it some time it'll have you stuck in it for hours not wanting to put it down!
Thought it was a great  book until the ending.  What a let-down.  I really thought he had more cajones than that.
The book was great until the end how disappointing I really hope the movie ending is better! It cannot be worse!!
Don't remember reading this but they r making a Robinson was talking about it so I guess I'll need to read again.
Not going to say much to spoil the story, but what kept me riveted for half the book just left me flat at the end
I was disappointed by the ending. It didn't make sense to end the book this way - this never would have happened.
the book was not very engaging in the beginning, but then it grows on you. However, the ending was disappointing.
Not as wonderful as I had been told! There are parts that I enjoyed, but I unfortunately wouldn't recommend this.
First Half was Too LongIt took 216 pages before I learned where the plot was  going. I almost gave up
Confusing book with too many twists and turns and a poor ending with no closure!Not happy with this author.
I loved the first 3rd of the book. Loved the way the story was being told. Nick from present tense and Amy from her diary in past tense.Then came the Part 2 of the book and it just progressively got worse from there. The story started getting so far fetched that there is no way any of it would actually happen in real life, which I can live with. The worst was the ending, if that's what it's called. It's more like just where the book stops as there is no good ending to it.Overall loved the way the story was told. As for story it's self, started off good and ended up horrendous. LOL
Did not enjoy.
Well written. A very different idea. I did not find the end very satisfying. The story left too many loose ends.
Good book but got a little boring in some parts. A little hard to keep up. I had to reread pages to start again.
I thought the story started weak, then went to being a really griping story. However the ending left me hanging!
The Book was good,kept me interested but I think the ending should have been different. It Wasn't happy with it.
Kind of a strange book and seemed a bit hard to keep up with, perhaps it's just me since others seem to like it?
I didn't like all the bad language.  Thought language was way over used.  I didn't like the way it ended either.
I hope the movie is better than the book. Did NOT like the ending.  It is so dark I could hardly wait to finish.
Scary to think there are evil sociopaths such as Amy in the world.  Not an uplifting story but full of suspense.
This book did not grip my attention until almost half way through. Hated the ending. i would not recommend this.
Intriguing plot! Sure did not expect things to happen as they did. Could easily have done without the profanity.
I did like the twists, but near the end it seemed so fake. Maybe a sequel will be written when the baby is born.
Does keep one guessing but a non-ending detracts from the book as a whole. Unique writing format of chapters. OK
Gone Girl: a Novel, Kept me engaged from the beginning. I would recommend this book for teens and adults. Thanks
Not sure the right signal is being sent to the public, that murder is something that you can get away away with.
It was definitely a page turner, but I felt like it got a bit ridiculous halfway through.  Not my favorite read.
This book took me a little while to get into it.  But once I got into it I was hooked and couldn't put it down.
Did not like the ending.  Made the man look very weak and subservient.  Also alternating persons is not for me.
A very slow start, but then things picked up. This mystery reader thought the book was good, but not excellent.
I didn't like how the book ended because it was not believable that someone would choose to live with a killer.
I had seen the movie before I read the book.  I did not get nearly as much out of the book as the movie, sadly.
I saw the movie and then read the book.  It was okay, but can't say that I loved it, and wouldn't recommend it,
Good read. Mystery and suspense makes the book an interesting one. The book is certainly better than the movie.
It was fine, but the end was a huge let down. One major plot twist then everything else was pretty predictable.
The book keeps you entertained the whole time and has an interesting plot, but the ending just killed it for me
This book was definitely not what I expected. It was good though. I think all the big moments happened to fast.
A good book if you enjoy reading about two people who hate each other.  I read to enjoy, not to get bummed out.
Some good indirect commentary on the frequent state of marriages but disappointing plot development in the end.
Strange and twisty but keeps you hooked to see what the characters will do next.  Two dark and troubled people.
the ending... nobody lives like that. equal hatred with death as the only option. come on give us some justice.
A good portrayal of ""the games people play.""  The language is offensive---unnecessary use of vulgarity.
Great read! 75% of the way through it starts to slow down and loose some focus. The ending was very unexpected.
Found the book to be a slow read - Took to long for the story to get going, found myself wishing for it to end.
I have mixed feelings about this book.  I found it very interesting and it grabbed me from the very beginning, but I was disappointed in the ending.  I've talked to other readers who felt the same.... it's a shame to read such a suspenseful book that holds such promise, and then be let down at the end.  It also contains ALOT of profanity, probably more than I've ever read in any book, and I read alot.  I don't mind some profanity, but it's obvious that the author's favorite word is F---, and believe me when I say it's used in every other sentence.  It got kind of sickening to be honest....
Not a novel for the over 50 crowd, but an easy read anyway.  Light entertainment.  Probably better as a movie.
Way too long and tendentious narrative, with uninteresting characterization.Glad to get to the end of the book
Nice read.  Held my attention.  The ending could have been better.  No one in their right mind lives that way.
Beginning: boring and pretentiousMiddle: captivating, exciting, fabulously enticingEnding: crappy.
This was an Entertaining read. The Ending fell a little flat for me.  I Hope the movie has a few extra twists.
Gone Girl was a fun read.  However, the first half of the book is way better than the second half of the book.
Couldn't wait to see how the story ended and then when I got there, I said ""ugh."" Well written though.
a little bit predicatable, easy read ,nice character development, some good plot twists. good wet weekend book
I wished I liked it more, I dislike the ending for many reason, but manly it just felt rushed and unrealistic.
This book wasn't good enough for me to rate it.  Real mediocre read and nothing special.  It was real average.
It was pretty good most of the way. The ending wasn't what I expected. The story mostly was very entertaining.
The book was a page turner but the ending  left me unsatisfied as the reader. I wanted a resolution!! Unhappy!
Constant twists and turns. A little dark and creepy. Quick beach type read...not a real big fan of the ending.
It was a good book but just like everyone else said, the ending sucked. It could've ended way better. Too bad.
This book really takes you in. Just when you think you have it figured out, you are all wrong. Very good read.
I didn't finish the book because it didn't grab my attention the way I needed it to in the first few chapters.
The story was a slow start. It really picks up in the second half, to the point where I couldn't put it down.
It was a good book but at the same time it is not something I would ever read again as I do most of my books.
Very strange twisted tale. A difficult and Slow going read at times. I had to read it before I saw the movie.
It seems like it when into too much. Detail at timesHowever it wasA very interesting book to read
You kind of see where its headed, you get the twist halfway through and the ending is a little disappointing.
It was a little hard for me to get into, then it got riviting & I couldn't put it down. Then it just stopped!
An interesting concept for a story but overall I think the book is over- rated, the ending was disappointing.
I liked the story but at the same time it was hard to believe to believe such a thing like this could happen.
The plot was good with a few twists but if you prefer to avoid bad language this may not be the book for you.
Mildly entertaining with a lousy ending. For a person who is so smart, she made a number of glaring mistakes.
This book had way too much info about nothing!What a life , hell on earth !I won't see the movie!
Overall a good read. Made me want to read it fast to find out more but the ending was slightly disappointing.
For the most part I loved this book. It kept me wondering and wanting more! The ending though.... just ugh!!!
I JUST CAN'T GET INTO IT.  IVE HEARD THE SAME COMMENTS FROM OTHER PEOPLE.YOU EITHER LOVE IT OR HATE IT!
I enjoyed the first half of the book with all the twists and turns.  Felt the 2nd half was not as believable.
Such twist and turns in this story. It took awhile to really get what was happening. Unbelievable story line.
Pretty exciting up to half way, then it seemed unbelievable and kind of silly.  The ending was disappointing.
Interesting. Looking forward to see how it is captured on screen - the complexity and the storms in the mind!
This was definitely an interesting  read, but the ending was weak. Not sure it was worth making into a movie.
Hard to get into, but then was very good and couldn't put it down. The ending was horrible and was a letdown.
Wanted to read it because the movie trailers looked interesting - very disturbing, wish I hadn't read it now!
I really enjoyed reading this book but I was a little disappointed at the way it ended. I was hoping for more
I did not like the language used in this novel.  I almost did not finish, but did want to know what happened.
The book is well written, with surprising twists and turns but the ending is not what you will want it to be!
Book was slow reading. Don't think that I would recommend it even though it is a best seller Finally finished
Nice twists and turns, but a bit too psychotic for me.  Would not read more by this author.  Just an ok read.
I lose the book when i travelled from Shanghai this week. bad Luck.  but the book is worth to read it,indeed.
It was ok... Unfortunately not my style with the journal entries, but a page turner to see what happens next.
Because I didn't like either of the main characters.  It was well written but  I didn't like the format style
I expected better, based on reviews.  Kind of depressing.  I'd rather read something that is not depressing.
This one was just a little too sick for me.  I didn't start another book for several weeks after reading it.
A great plot, but there is no ending! Very disappointing. All that build up to nothing, no closure. Tsk tsk.
Extremely well plotted but the ending, not so much.  Ruins what is otherwise a stunning, well written story.
Wonderful suspense but excessive use of that ""f"" word added nothing to the story.  Is why I only gave it a 3
I had to keep reading to see what happens next but felt like id been taken on a wild goose chase by the end.
Well written, in my opinion. It did keep me hanging on every word. However, I dislike the end, so very much.
Aaaah, what an ending. Def wanted more than that but it was still a good book. Fun read .would recommend it.
The entire book made me anygry!  Although it was an awesome read, a great big grrrrrrr....Follow up, ,maybe?
The book kept my interest. However it was not up there with my favorites. I was also not fond of the ending.
I was disappointed with the book, especially the ending. It was lacking the suspense that I had anticipated.
I thought the book was great. I was hooked and stayed sucked in for 90%....then there was the s***ty ending.
Entertaining......but not worthy of all the acclaim!! Good story with many twists but nothing outstanding!!!
it was a good read, it kept you interested. Ending leaves room for another book. I will recommend to others.
I thought it moved too slowly at times ,and of course I didn!t like the ending. Amy wasust too unbelievable.
The first 2 parts I would give a 5, the last part I give a 2.  I didn't like the ending, too unreal & weird.
The beginning was slow. I almost gave up. Then it got relly good. Then the end sucked.What a whippin'!
lots of twists and turnsnever would have seen it end that way. would have liked a little more closure.
....And full of twists and turns but went on too long. The book had a kind of ""Kill Bill"" mentality.
A little weird, but you have to keep reading to find out what happens.  Not the ending I thought in my mind.
Was a good read, however, fell a little flat. But it definitely kept you wondering what was going to happen.
Pretty good with some twists.  I save Like and Love for books that I think are REALLY good.  This was Good.
Written very well, however, the ending left me unsatisfied... Currently reading another one by this author.
Overall good easy readto much fluff in the middle and was not crazy with the end but it was diffrent.
Interesting premise but I found the writing style distracted me from the seriousness of the subject matter.
THE END?! I have to see the movie. Why is this the ending?! I'm dissatisfied... and I can't figure out why.
The book was good until the end. Don't want to give anything away - but the ending was disappointing to me.
The deeper I got into this book, the less I liked it.  By the end, I was sorry I wasted my time reading it.
I found This very disappointing. A little Boring and I careD less about the Characters as the book went on.
It was thrilling until the end. The ending is not a people pleaser. Quick read. Much better than the movie
interesting story line with lots of potential. Would have liked to see the book more condensed and shorter
Weird ending.  Guess they left room for a sequel. After awhile though, it got a ridiculously unbelievable.
She's a very good writer but some part annoyed me. The book started very slow. I lost interest many times.
If you like reading about sick people, this is the book for you.  Would not recommend this book to anyone.
The start was great and moved along well but the end dragged somewhat. To much bad language for my liking.
Gripping all the way thru but didn't love the end of plot. Went a little far. Had my attention throughout.
Slow starter and  Bad ending. It really doesn't wrap up at all in the end and that was very disappointing.
It was alright. A couple of inconsistencies and duplicates, but otherwise it was mildly entertaining read.
I found it a slow read but as I got into it I found it hard to put down. I found Nick's secret a surprise.
Good read, would have been better if i didnt know the ending bc the movie is out. Ready to see Ben as Nick
Too predictable. I got bored in the middle. It was way too long. It could've been told in have the length.
Kept my attention - felt like I'd ""seen the movie"" before up until a certain point - clever twist.
Good story, good idea by author, but it had a horrible ending.  There  was NO ending.  Very disappointing.
This is an easy read but pretty predictable. I recommend it for anyone who isn't looking for a deep story.
Parts were very good and couldn't put it down and other parts were kind of sluggish.  Did not like ending.
Hard to follow with all the lengthy diary entries. Disappointed in the ending. No desire to see the movie.
Readable trash. Nothing else to say is there? Twelve more words to go. Seven more words to go. Two more...
Been stuck reading it since I got it. Can't put it down. Still reading and reading and reading and reading
Thought this would be a really great book being a #1 best seller. Not at all. Very disappointed at ending.
When I finished the book I wanted to throw my Kindle against the wall I was so aggravated with the ending.
All this set up for a great plot and no real ending? Kind of disappointing. Some one needed to get nailed!
I really liked the beginning and first half but found the second half a bit boring and overly complicated.
It was very well written but I prefer to read books where there is at least one character that is likeable
This book was so beyond not my style. I don't enjoy books that leave me frustrated even after I close them
Horrible ending. Did the writer just decide that the book was long enough? Kept me on the edge of my seat.
The story was not exciting and it was boring to me. The story was also too unrealistic even as a fiction.
Quick read and good hooks, however I found the ending quite lame and disappointing. A little predictable.
I didn't like how it jumped back and forth between the husband and wife. I hate to say I didn't finish it
Overall, the story and plot was good.  It's packed with suspense but was so disappointed with the ending.
I thought the book was OK.  Kind of dragged, and in some ways seems implausible...  Still glad I read it.
Interesting read.  Unfortunately, I figured out the who dunit.  Hated the ending!  probably a good movie.
I like the first half a lot. The second half steadily declined in interest for me and I disliked the end.
I don't know about this book. I never could get into it & it's direction was off. Just not my cup of tea.
Had a good story, just kind of dropped off at the end, could had a better ending by going after his wife.
Guess I was expecting more of thriller or suspense.  Started enjoying the book probably half way through.
I enjoyed the beginning and middle of this book, however I think the ending was weak and hastily written.
Hard to get into, but once in, on the edge of my seat waiting to see what happened next! Exciting ending!
This book took a while to get into, slow start. Overall strange plot and crazier ending!! Give it a read!
Good book. Couldn't put it down but too much swearing & didn't care for ending. Guess I'm showing my age!
I was prepared to give this book  4 stars, then the ending happened. Fun book to read and play detective.
Well Not really...I liked everything right up till the end. It has to have had a better option than that!
Loved the book,but hated and I mean hated the ending! I am sure most people would feel the same as I did.
A good story with a dumb ending.  What man would take her back after what she had done.  Wouldn't happen.
I did no  like the ending, I wish there was more to th the story. it seem like the story is not finished.
Liked the first part of d book ... Second part onwards it get murky n repetitive ... The end is weird ...
Not sure whether this was a good book. It started slow and rose to a crescendo then I felt it stuttered.
It held my interest good enough but I think the writing got a little weak towards the middle of the book
Loved the book hated the ending so i don't know should i give it 5 stars or 1 star so i chose the middle
I made the mistake of seeing the movie before reading the book. Never do that! It ruins the book for me.
I enjoyed this story until the ending which was not good. There was no conclusion just more of the same.
Interesting but I didn't like how it ended. I was waiting for a really good ending but it Didn't happen.
I wasn't impressed with the quality of this book. I knew what the ending was going to be. Wasn't excited
A good book.  Certainly not predictable but a bit of a disappointing ending - albeit somewhat realistic.
An interesting study of a disfunctional  marriage. The book drags at times.  Ending left me unsatisfied.
While the theme was fascinating, the female character lacked credibility and the ending was far fetched.
I am finding it hard t get into this is the first book that I am hoping the movie is more interesting :(
I loved this book the whole time I read it. It was exciting and thrilling...and then the end was boring.
Slow start and too many details which kill the excitement. I'll wait for the movie to find out the rest.
What a messed up story! I am still surprised by the ending. I could smack both characters! I feel tired!
One chapter this stupid thing is making me submit a review to read more. This is super duper annoying ew
Slow start and I was a little disappointed in the ending but overall it was a good book! Would recommend
Good book. Didn't care for the ending. There was a beautiful build in the story only for a flat ending.
It was definitely not what I expected and is a good read. ..I wished the ending had been more climatic.
Ok book. Thought it moved a bit slow. The twists and turns made it interesting but not very believable.
Very slow starting book.  By the middle of the book it became interesting.  Did not like ending at all!
Personally, I didn't like any of the characters.  Hard to like a book when you hate all the characters.
Plot twists were good, but the ending was flat.  I am guessing there will be a sequel to finish it off.
Somewhat a good book. Disappointed in a few areas but worth the read. Maybe the movie will be better. M
Boring at first, but eventually picked up. The end was a little hard to follow & now I'm just confused.
I was very disappointed in the way the book ended. The writing was ok and much of the story intriguing.
starts out great then turns out with lots of holes and it falls apart by the end and is not believable.
What happened? did they really stay together ? I did not like the back and forth of the two characters.
Very well written, complicated plot, extremely thought-provoking.  Disappointing ending, in my opinion.
Gillian develops for you a remarkable intimacy with her characters, but it's not possible to like them.
It's was okay at best. I felt that the book was almost too predictable if that makes sense. It was okay
I was really into it, and then at the end, it was a let down. Readers were good, especially the female.
It was good but predictable ... I didn't think it deserved all the ""rave"" reviews it received.
It's a pretty good story line but thought it could have been better. I really did not like the ending.
Doesn' makeme want to see the movie. Kept thinking I have read this. A read I have done too any times.
Did not like the ending.  Good book but too much cursing and sexual innuendo. Interesting plot twists.
After all the hype I expected more. Was very slow to start, middle was good, with a not so good ending
Not even a remote possibility that such events could happen, so cannot recommend it as a must read ...
This book was excellent until the last 5 pages.  It was the worst ending of any book I have ever read.
No one is the hero in this twisted story of love. Fast-paced and gripping, but be prepared to hate it.
It was very different, but I did not care for the ending unless the author is going to write a sequel.
Actually I couldn't put it down. A good book. Quite a devious tale that is for sure! Worthy of a read.
The book started out really good but got very predictable as it went on.  I thought it was an OK read.
It has a slow start then in grasps you but has an awful ending, I liked it but not the best book ever.
It was a good read. There was a twist in the story that was not expected. I liked how the story ended.
The only thing that saves this book from being terrible is the fact that it surprised me a few times.
Book had a very slow and boring start.  Picked up in the middle and from there on it was a good read.
This was a good book up until the last couple chapters. The ending was predictable and a big let down
While it's a page turner, it's also very disturbing, and the cynical ending turned me off completely.
I didn't like the beginning or the end. The rest of the novel was well written and kept me intrigued.
Like everyone else has said, the ending was not written well. It was anti-climatic and disappointing.
I can't accept the value. How can a murderer escape from accusation and live a happy life in the end?
I kept getting annoyed with the entire ""set-up"". I found the "" story"" too farfetched.
Felt it was a bit tedious, enjoyed it but was glad when it was over, going to see the movie tomorrow.
But the middle: WOW!  I fell for everything. I thought I had it figured out, but I wasn't even close.
Lots of dramatic ups and downs, twists and turns... a real page-turner... but the ending disappoints.
Took a long time to get going but when it did it twisted and swooped all over the place. Good concept
Didn't hold my attention as much as the other books I've read.  It was ok.  Hope the movie is better.
Was not a book I would recommend to family and friends. It seem to take awhile to really get into it.
It was slow getting started, then after I got into it, it was very good.  The ending was very abrupt.
I thought it was slow and the ending left me hanging. Was let down by all the positive reviews I read
it is ok...she is a sick bitch.  it goes back and forth, him, her, him, her...even the cops are lame.
Did not like the ending.  Expected better outcome after all the intense moments throughout the book.
I did not like the ending. Would have liked a better ending.  A real letdown to say the least.  Boo.
What happened to gone girl? I just read excerpts from two other books. I want to read only hone girl
Started out slow. Just when I thought I would not read any more it got good. The ending let me down.
An unusual writing format; just as I was thinking about stopping reading, the story got interesting.
I liked this book but I threw it all over the house about 3/4 of the way through.  HATED the ending!
Weird story.  Got good in the middle and then weird again.  Author did a good planning out the plot.
The writing was rather convoluted in the first part of the book, however, the second part caught up.
I found this book depressing with no redeeming features.  Kept waiting for something good to happen.
I hated the ending!  I was driven by the suspense, and when I got to the end, what a disappointment!
Took me until 50% of the way through to start enjoying it. No book should take that long to into it.
Book wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Hope the movie is better, but their rarely are as good
It was an ok story but very overrated by all the media attention since the movie came out last week.
Loved the twists and turns until the ending - or perhaps they just lost the last few pages! Too bad.
This book had so many twists and turns, which kept me reading. The ending leaves much to be desired.
I didn't hate it and at points I said to myself this is getting good but overall I was dissapointed.
Although I like the way the book reads I hated the ending. I ended up hating all the main characters
A good read with a twist. Good start, the twist made it hard to put down. The end was disappointing.
Book was good kept you engaged ending was so so expected more was hard to keep reading near the end.
I was hooked throughout the book but really felt let down at the end. I was hoping for more closure.
This was hard to get into at first, I kept reading and it got much better! Turned into a good book!
it was just ok- I thought it could have been shorten quite a bit-a little long in tooth as they say
Good psychological thriller with twists.  Slow in the beginning and then picks up half way through.
Kind of hard to follow and boring at times.  Too many different stories going on at the same time!!
I enjoyed most of the book but I didn't like the way it ended...which to me ruined the whole story.
I enjoyed this book throughout until the last few chapters... The ending was a HUGE disappointment!
Great book until the last 2 chapters. A build up to a lame ending. Wish they could rewrite the end.
This story was rather predictable.  I had to keep reminding myself the ages of the main characters.
On a scale of 10 I rate this a 7. I like the twists in the story. However, the ending left me cold.
I loved the writing and was a book I don't regret reading but it didn't live up to my expectations.
Couldn't put it down at first but the ending really stinks. I think it calls for a sequel for sure.
Writing style was fine, but talk about some FLAWED characters! More F-bombs than needed for effect.
The first half of the book has a slow start, but the second half draws you in wanting to read more.
I was expecting so much more.  I'd say this is just a typical summer beach read.  Nothing special.
I did not particularly like this book.  I found it quite disturbing.  Not my ""cup of tea"".
Weird - it just stopped.  Two many what I would call ""BLUE"" words.  Unnecessary bad words.
I, like so many others, like this book until its ending. I wanted to scream, ""Whaaaaaaat?
It was a good book hard to understand at first but definitely lots of twist and turns in the book!
This book was well written, but very disturbing. It is not a book I would recommend or read again.
It had a disappointing ending and the book seemed to drag because it was too wordy and descriptive
It wasn't my kind of book and I had some issues with the writing style, but overall it wasn't bad.
Read it for a book club. It definitely made me want to read to the end, however, pretty sadistic !
But the ending was dull. I hated that we will no find out how things actually ended out.  Oh well!
I know this is a best seller and everyone loves it.  Just was not for me.....It was an OK read....
This book is full if surprises.  It doesn't end how you think it will.  I liked it very very much.
The book kept me riveted but it really was a strange novel.  I did not care for the way it ended,.
I liked the he said she said but disliked that there was no real story here...it just kind of was.
Disappointing because of the hype about who the writer was.  I'm a male and I still blushed at some of the detail and the words used.  Call me prudish if you want, but I don't personally like to read about things I don't even discuss with others.Outstanding in other ways though.  It kept me guessing.  I was for one character for awhile and then suddenly changed my mind as the story went along.  It was surprising to read the ending.  Couldn't believe the ending because it wasn't supposed to end that way.
The book was great until the ending I feel like Flynn was tired with the story and just ended it.
I don't know what all the fuss is about.  I did not think this was as good as everybody made out.
Enjoyed initially - however I felt the ending  become sort of predictable and a little contrived.
Book was very good fast reading and very entertaining .  But how it ended was very disappointing.
Did NOT like the ending. Hate to be left hanging in my own thoughts. Puzzling, well written book.
It took a lot to keep my attention with this book.  The movie wasn't too bad but book was better.
For all the hype it was a bit slow and was ok. I will watch the movie to see if it is any better.
I guess I thought it would have been a better read. It makes me wonder if there will be a sequel.
Although it keeps you on your toes with its twists and turns, It seemed a little too far-fetched.
Not as good as I thought it would be.  Weird ending that really didn't do it for me but whatever.
Very slow start, I stopped reading, then I skipped to the middle, and it started getting better..
This book was a good but easy read. It kept me engaged throughout the story. The story was fresh.
it's a little slow at first but it gets better towards the end.  not one of my favorite books.  k
Started off slow.  Hard to get into at first.  Then got interesting. Hated the ending.  Sequel???
This is a good read with a somewhat disappointing end.  None the less, it is still worth reading.
The first half kept my interest but it quickly went down hill. The ending was very disappointing.
I read several great reviews on this book but it did not live up to my expectations. Wish it had!
This book was a good read, but the ending was very disappointing almost enough to make you angry.
The first 2/3 of the book were engaging but then the vindictiveness and meanness became tiresome.
Thought it was slow and ending left you hanging. disappointed after reading all the great reveiws
Somewhat predictable and a little silly in the couple's theatrics.  But an enjoyable summer read.
The ending sucked. I hate when books don't wrap up at the end. I hate cliff hangers. That is all.
I am Enjoying it so far but It all depends on the ending. I am Not really sure where it is going.
Waited until over halfway through the book before I got into the book. Disappointed with the end
It sucked so much I liked it. Doesn't make sense. Horrible people. Great but unpleasant writing.
I enjoyed the book in the beginning.  By the time I got to the end, I felt I had wasted my time.
The book is amazing, but it was delivered to me with three tears in the cover. Did not look new.
Frustrating reading at times. Kept you on your toes wondering the out come. Did enjoy this book.
To much sexual content and did not like the endingIf there is a sequal l will not purchase
Intriguing concept, but a bit long-winded. Disappointed that the ending didn't resolve anything.
Easy read and interesting characters for the most part...didn't care for the way the story ended
I liked the pace but I hated the twist. I was very sad because it had so much potential. Bummer.
It really hard to love a book with no loveable characters. No one to root for. Not my cup of tea
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time, save for the ending.  I really enjoyed the contrast between the husband's chapters and the wife's.  Her writing style kept me interested and the storyline was great.  I am really surprised to see there are people who have given the book 1 or 2 stars.  I am an avid reader and don't often write a review, but after reading this I decided to check out another of her books.  I really do love her style, but she's got to learn how to write a better ending.
I could not give this book 1 star, because it was actually a great book, very well written, witty and unpredictable. But I could not give it 5 stars because I hated this book. It was full of horrible people doing horrible things, not a single feel good thing about this story. 1/3 of the way in I wanted to quit reading it, but I gave it some more time to see what happened, by the 2/3 mark I wanted to quit reading it even more but just had to see what happened. So I split the difference and gave it 3 stars.
I enjoyed the book up to the end.... it has to be one of the weakest endings I have come across
Enjoyed reading it. However was disappointed in the ending....leaves it wide open for a sequel.
I enjoyed the writing, but didn't care for the ending.  Went back to see if I missed a chapter.
It was a strange jouney into the mind of a sociopath and another who is toatally self absorbed,
Psychological thriller, often difficult to put book down as eager to see what will happen next!
For some reason, I had a hard time getting into it, and I found the ending a bit anticlimactic.
Had a hard time switching back and forth between characters. Did not like the style of writing.
I found this book to be a little disturbing and not a book that I just had to get back to read.
It's rather grips you till the end. Unpredictable. But too dramatic. I did not like the ending.
Initially I was intrigued, but the ending was so far from reality it became a chore to finish.
I read it to see what the hype was about, but was as disappointed in it as I was in the movie.
What a negative outlook on marriage!!!  Very depressing - the author has a very twisted mind!!
Had some slow parts and I didn't care for the ending, but overall a quick and not so bad read.
This is a psycho book. Not as good as everyone said it would be but it was still  pretty good.
It was a great book, loved the characters & the story, but the ending was awful. It fell short
if u have nothing else to read  , surprise turn of events made it a little better than average
Very depressing.  This was my first book by Ms. Flynn.  Can't imagine what the movie was like.
Lot of twist and turns to this story.  Not what I was expecting.  Left you hanging at the end.
Still trying to figure out what the ending meant.  I kept trying to get more pages to come up!
Good twists & turns but I wish she got what was due her. I would recommend it to friends. Done
It has a good story line, but I was disappointed with the way she chose to end the book ......
It Kept Reading this book. Did not like the end. Want to see how they will do it in the movie.
I don't want to spoil anything.  All I can say is that I didn't think it lives up to the hype.
I didn't love the book. It started very slow. By the end I was into it but not one of my faves
A really loooong set up, then an interesting twist, then a quick semi-wrap and.... where's the end?  There's no end? Really?  The author just left it hang like that?Well written and entertaining but the author is a bit verbose and she definitely likes a literary phrase. The lack of an ending really, REALLY ticked me off though. I've read open-ended stories where that was appropriate, here it just seemed lazy.Rating 2.5 and the writing is good enough to round up to 3.
This book was exciting....until the end. I expected a better ending. I was very disappointed.
This book was a little difficult to get into.  But once you are hooked, the book is dynamite.
I didn't enjoy the ending of the book.  How can two people who hate each other live together.
Afraid this was not close to one of my favorites. Didn't get interesting until the very last.
Good book! I just hope the movie will make Amy look as crazy as she actually was in the book!
Surprising twists throughout the book. Interesting unfolding of characters and relationships.
So that got rid of the two stars because I loved this book and was dying to find out the end.
It was ok, but the ending was not good.  It seems to tell a wrong story of the way she lived.
I thought the story line was great. Good suspense and crazy switch back. I thought the flow of the story was creative and definitely gave a new face to who can be a sociopath. Very clever.I was frustrated by the vulgarity that was used in telling the story. I was surprised that such ""intelligent"" characters were so crass. If that is how the well educated speak it is unfortunate for the rest of us. I can understand a few cuss words but it went way beyond what was necessary.
Easy to read, interesting . Did not see the movie. Did not feel satisfied at the end though.
Too long to go to get to the part that could keep you reading --just to say you finished it.
The book was quite decent and several people recommended it to me but it's just not my style
I liked this book. I thought it was a clever plot. However, it was not a great book overall.
It kept me going until the very last page . The ending deflated me. It was a disappointment.
It is a good book so far I need to read more before I can really judge it but so far so good
I enjoyed the book until the end.  I did not like the way it ended, but it was well written.
It's a good read for passing some quiet time. Can't wait to see how it turns out as a movie.
It was difficult to get my interest . Had to read over 50 pages but then I HAD TO FINISH IT.
Excellent, kept my interest. Did not really like the ending, but it was still a great read.
I was not as impressed as all the hype projected on this book. Maybe the movie is better?!!
an interesting novel, until the characters go ""out of character"" for the ending....
Wife read was disappointed expected more after all the feedback she receivced from friends.
I really didn't care for this book, Gone Girl, by Gillian Flynn. Others may like it better.
I found myself frustrated with the craziness of the whole story. I did not like the ending.
I enjoyed both the book and the movie.  I definatly recommend that you read the book first.
Disappointed in the ending. Storyline was good but ending left  me with the question huh???
Too much profanity for my taste.  Didn't care for the He said then She said chapter turns.
Only read 3 chapters.  The book was realky slow and strange and couldn't keep my interest.
Pop fiction with unreliable narrators and the most exciting part/denouement in the middle.
Guess I expected more.  Just my opinion.  I wasn't in a hurry to get back & start reading.
This is a book that I had to make myself finish.  And the ending left a lot to be desired.
not the read I would have liked.  a bit too 'talky' for my taste.  a thriller nonetheless.
This book was just okay.  With all of the hype surrounding the book, I was expecting more.
Dull at the begining.Well developed and catching in the middle.Interesting end
Not sure how to rate this book. It was well written; but I am not sure I liked the ending.
I was totally into this book, like staying up late with my Kindle until I could barely keep my eyes open. Definite page turner. But the ending was so disappointing to me that I am sorry I read it and wouldn't recommend it. Totally un-satisfying. I read a lot of books, and I don't mind an ambiguous ending, but this did not work at all for me, there was no pay off.Also if you have a thin skin for derogatory names toward women, I wouldn't even bother with this book.
I enjoyed this book--I did, really.  It was a quick read, and kept me interested.  Despite it being enjoyable, for me it was a bit on the predictable side (maybe spoiler alert: what you think happened is just too easy, so it's not hard to realize that's NOT what happened), and I just despised the ending--the ending was completely not in tune with the rest of the book, and totally unrealistic, to boot.If you don't have high expectations, it's not a bad book.
Great book but quality not good. I just started reading it and pages started falling out.
Suspenseful with lots of plot twists. This was a fun read, can't wait to watch the movie!
Good book throughout. Didn't want to put it down but let down by the anticlimatic ending.
It was really good until the end.  Did not like how it ended at all.  Very disappointing!
As thrilling as the story was and kept my interest I was very disappointed in the ending.
My review is middle of the road because I did not like either of the two main characters.
I  thought it was a great book. Had a hard time putting it down. Did not care for the end
Good build up but disappointing ending. It was as though she just wanted to have it over.
A great read. A little slow at first but then I could not put it down! Gasped at the end.
very hard to read this one, I like the book called ""sharp objects"" better by her.
Gone Girl was not as good as I expected it to be.  The book seemed to move a little slow.
It's masterfully written, with nefarious characters and plans.  However, none of the characters are easy to like and most of their actions will leave you with ash in your mouth.  The end, while it took me by surprise, left me feeling sick.  I love books that play with the readers head, but I also want to be able to enjoy it just a little.  It's not just that the characters were unlikable (I tend to like unlikable characters), it's that I found them uninteresting.
It's a quite beginning, but boring pace for progress. I think it was worth to buy still.
It was a pretty quick read but not as great as I had expected.  Maybe just not my thing.
Yes, suspenseful, Read well, but it didn't grab my heart strings. She was one sick girl.
This book was okay.  Didn't like the back and forth between characters. Too distracting.
I found so many parts of the book to be overdone and boring.  Just not my type of story.
The build up of a good marriage at the beginning was shattered in the surprising ending.
Not what I expected for a NY times best seller list. Makes me wonder how they get there.
I thought the plot was very good however I didn't care for the way the book was written.
Kept my interest throughout, however was very disturbed by the ending.  Just so unjust!!
Lots of twists and turns with so many possibilities, but the it ended with a blah thump.
Great concept. Great beginning and middle. Disappointing ending. You'll see what I mean.
The first half of the book is really boring and the second half is only slightly better.
Plenty of twists at the end but it was almost work getting through it.  Not my favorite.
Well written although it was very negative. I cannot imagine doing a movie on this book.
Over all it was a good, keep you on the edge of your seat book. Did not like the ending
Felt this novel was too long and drawn out...  I actually did not care about these two!
It was a great read, but lacked in the end. Definately could have ended so much better!
Great book, I could not put it down. I read it before seeing the movie. Book was better
Suspenseful story that holds the readers attention, but ending was a bit disappointing.
Hard to get into. Although the ending was appropriate, I felt incomplete after reading.
Great early writing. Interesting story. Totally, totally, totally disappointing ending.
it was a tiring read. had to work at it to get to the end.  glad to be finished.  whew!
Story line OK. A little strange, I thought. Not sure I would read Gillian Flynn again.
You have to like macabre moods and it took a week to drag thru but overal i enjoyed it
This was an okay read even with the different scenarios.  Ending was a disappointment.
I did not see the movie so I really expected a lot from this book and it wasn't there.
It was an interesting way to tell a story.  Lots of surprises.  The end is unexciting.
The review says it all--just okay.  I also found the movie to be a disappointment too.
Don't know what all the fuss was about over this book.  Haven't seen the movie.'
Sick, perverted and disturbing.  It just kept getting scarier as the story progressed.
I just started it I can let you know when I am finished reading it how I liked it. Now
The book was great, until the end, if you've read it, you know what I'm talking about.
It had its moments. Kept me in suspense. Not too sure how I felt about the ending tho.
Eh, it was an interesting way to tell a story, but the ending was a complete let down.
I jumped into reading this novel with such high hopes. I plunked down my 12.99 begrudgingly but I expected a compelling read. I must say that in many aspects Gillian Flynn does deliver, but in many others... Not so much! Definitely ended purposefully but left so many questions unanswered and I think it's because editors want writers now to come up with a three book saga. Maybe they were hoping she would write a sequel. If she does, I'll read it.
Hard to get into but gets better. I like a book to grab me on the first couple pages!
So much hype ruined this book.  It wasn't that good.  More predictable than expected.
It was riveting for most of the book, but the ending was disappointing and sickening.
I enjoyed the book, but the back and forth between the two stars wasn't to my likeing
The ending really sucked. The book was well written until the end. It just drops off.
Sometimes she bores me with lingering to long about something. Keep the action going!
The style was fantastic, but like many others, I was annoyed by the book as a whole.
Did not like the ending at all!!!! Kind of left you wondering how things worked out.
It was very slow didn't keep me interested in it so I watched the movie to finish it
It just ddin't hold my interest the way I thought it would; it was a little twisted.
Difficult to get into it. Think will watch the movie & then go back & read the book.
gone girl was building up to be a great book, but i was disappointed with the ending
It became tedious after a bit.  I wasn't surprised by the ending and didn't like it.
Not the ending I expected.......very whacked out characters.  Glad I read it though.
It was just ok for me. I did not like the ending at all. I hope the movie is better.
dumb and disappointing ending for the two supposedly highly intelligent characters.
Kind of slow starting, by midway it was good. But the ending was a let down for me.
I guessed the plot however it was a good book Disappointed in the ending...........
Very disappointed how it ended. Wish I had not fallen for the hype & even read it😩
Doesn't come close to meeting all the hype. Not an exceptional story or characters.
ok, book, movie was better, was at least able to understand the movie than the book
Story okay. Definitely an overuse of the F.... word and that I found very annoying.
The book is well-written and held my attention.  I was disappointed with the ending
Intriguing writing. Kept me onboard with wanting more, though a little predictable.
Terrible ending. It seemed like the author got lazy when trying to finish the book.
I'm not really a mystery reader, so this was a good enough book, just not my genre.
Loved the story, but this is no closure, no ending.  It just goes on and on and on.
Starts out great..fizzles in the middle...picks up again....roller coaster reading!
It was good. I'm glad I read it but it's not a book I will pick up and read again.
I could not get into the book, it did not capture my attention. I loved the movie!
It didn't come with the book cover slip but the book is in overall good condition.
Well...considering reviews I was very disappointed.  Yes a few twists but come on!
Really fast paced. Enjoyed it, but did not fancy the ending choosen by the author.
Pretty good read. Kind of a slow start but then! It turned out to be really great.
The character Amy is too lacking in conscience and moral compass to be plausible.
J would have enjoyed it more if the Fword had not been in every other sentence...
Started out good, got even better half way through, but totally hated the ending!
It took me a while to get into this book, it finally captured me halfway through.
Everything was fine and interesting until the end. Then I was pissed. Bad ending.
Good read.  Ending left me thinking.  I finished the book and I'm still thinking.
It held my interest until the very end, but was very disappointed with the ending
Not crazy about the ending. Felt like it wasn't finished, but I ran out of pages!
Frankly, this was too long by far and contrived. I am hoping the movie is better.
The ending ruined the book for me.  Kept my attention, but can't get over ending.
Generally the book was very well written... However the ending was disappointing!
I did not enjoy this as much as I hoped I would.  The movie was better actually.
The book was very engaging! Lots of crazy, but very engaging! Great summer read.
Fascinating portraits of the human drive to survive. Fast-moving and convincing.
The story has lots of twists.  Offended by ""F"" words and others similar.
It was good' but with each chapter changing characters I had problems following.
Not as good as all the hype lead me to believe it would be, but still enjoyed it
Hated it. Psychotic characters and the ending is just ridiculously unbelievable.
Not my kind of reading. It was ok though. I got into it and actually enjoyed it.
A fast read with an interesting narrative puzzle.  Highly unpleasant characters.
Somewhat interesting, but a bit tedious. Characters are narcissistic and boring.
Great book...could not put in down....but the ending was SO DISAPPOINTING !!!!!!
It was good, but not one of the best books I have read.  Did not like the ending
Easy, ""beach "" reading.  Like watching ""cops and robbers"" on TV.
I was intrigued by the first 1/2 of this book, but found it tiresome by the end.
The ending was such a disappointment but the book was still a fun and fast read.
First half could barely keep my attention, disappointing ending.  Too much hype
It was okay.  Not as good as I expected.  I like Girl on The Train much better.
It was a decent read. Parts were predictable. The ending was not very exciting.
I was really into this book... until the end. Total let down.  I expected more.
For me it was slow.  It took over half of the book before I really got into it.
Absolutely horrible beginning and ending. Middle of the book was a page turner.
Book kind of fell apart towards the ending, which was weak and contrived I felt
Enjoyed reading, could not put down, but the ending was extremely unsatisfying.
Interesting story. I thought the end was anticlimactic and a bit disappointing.
Clever, engaging, but the ending didn't live up to the characters or the story.
Great until midway. Seems the author got bored and rushed the rest of the book.
THE BEGINNING OF THE BOOK WAS VERY GOOD, BUT THE LAST 30 PAGES WAS BORING LONG.
This book grabs you right away and keeps you interested and curious to the end!
Do not care for the diary form but this one kept me reading right up to the end
Kinda slow beginning, second half better, all to lead up to a horrible ending.
Great book - concept and twist ate wonderful - but very disappointed in ending
Intriguing; offended by constant use of foul language, but, the story was good
didn't like the ending, took me a while to get into the story but it was okay.
Almost done reading and still trying to figure out what all the hype is about.
Boring in the beginning, loved the middle, it could have ended a little better
I had a hard time reading this book. It was hard for me to stay focused on it.
I found the way the story was told by the characters and going back and forward in time to be rather choppy.  It was also fairly predictable.  The biggest problem I had with the book was that there wasn't one character in the story that I liked or felt any compassion for.  I have never run across a book before where I couldn't find find much of anything to like about at least one character in a story.
****SPOILER ALERT..SPOILER ALERT***** Do not look below if you haven't made it to the 3rd part!!!!!This book was great..kept my attention..really enjoyed reading it...then the 3rd part started and Amy returns to Nick..then gets pregnant and now they're forever stuck together. I would've ended it much differently..I don't feel like I wasted my time..but I'm a little disappointed
I didn't like it. I was unsympathetic to the characters. It never drew me in.
I was VERY unhappy about the ending of the book, I hope the movie is better!!
Seems to be targeting younger women - a little basic but better than the film
Love every page up until the last 15 pages. I was disappointed by the ending.
After I found out what the story was I didn't read it. Not my kids d of story
I found it hard to keep up with, switching back and forth between characters.
Great twists and turns throughout...shame the ending was not very satisfying.
Great writing but was a bit drug out.  The ending could have had more thought
Excellent. Until you get to the ending. Ruined the book for me unfortunately.
did not like the ending.  The book led up to a dramatic ending but fell flat.
Interesting read, with page turner quality. However, the book ends very flat!
It was good.  Didn't like how it bounced back and forth between her and him.
I saw the movie before I read the book and probably that wasn't a good idea!
Half of the book could be cut out and the story would be a much better read.
Slow story. Was told it was a terrific book. So I persisted. Ending was poor
Suspensful but an incredible story with, in the end, unbelievable characters
Slow moving in beginning but gets good eventually. Unexpected twists at end.
Not sure if I liked this book. Decinitely kept you guessing. But disturbing.
Interesting and complicated novel with appropriate twists, but slow in spots
Two really screwed up kids whose child will be lucky to have a normal life!!
It certainly keeps you reading! The ending is surprising. Maybe a bit weird.
I don't get what the hype is about. It was okay - very far fetched at times.
Slow start, built up to great suspense, then a sudden and disappointing end.
The main characters were absolutely too flawed.  I did not care for the end.
I love the twist and what a great build up with a very disappointing ending!
No doubt that this is a very well written book.  With that said, you are going to need a score card and a some patience.  It was a page turner, but I found myself turning the pages back so I could keep from getting lost.  Not the style of writing that I'm used to so I put myself at some fault for not enjoying it as much. Not a bad one to have on the shelf though, entertaining to say the least.
This had a very nice start but it all went downhill from the middle... SMH.
The first part of the book was fantastic. I was disappointed by the ending.
beginnig boring, in the middle of the book the action finally takes a place
Wasn't crazy about the writing style.  A terrible ending!  The crazy win!?!
Sub par story about 2 people who deserved each other; both into themselves.
Just not my thing. Very dark like the whole series and kind of predictable.
Married unlikeable narcissists fall in and out of love and play mind games.
It was hard to read at the beginning.  It got easier as the story moved on.
Pretty good psychological thriller, but I felt unsatisfied with the ending.
didn't keep me wanting to keep reading.  could put it down with no problem.
This story kept me wondering where it was going through the entire read, loved it until the end...if you want to call it that. After all the cleverness, the ending was completely anticlimactic-a real disappointment. I was mad at the end because I expected something and got nothing - literally for an ending. I won't waste time on another read of hers for fear of the same kind of ending.
I liked the twist on the story line but it was just a bit slow in reading.
The story line of this book was unique and unusual.  I enjoyed reading it.
I was not enthralled with the book.  Did not enjoy the way it was written.
Good read that keeps you guessing. Can't say more without a spoiler alert.
Very good, but too much repeating of thoughts and ideas during story line.
The book was just ok, story was good but the ending was very dissapointing
Not a good ending. Will there be another book to finish this cliff hanger?
Very unbelievable tale. Didn't care for the ending at all.  Anticlimactic.
The book was awesome and I could not put it down...but I HATED the ending.
Really liked this book until the end then it was like it just fizzled out.
The first half mystery is good, but the second half is a soap opera story.
Gone girl was an interesting premise, but the bad language turned me off.
Really liked this book until the ending. It just sort of stopped.........
She was the wife from hell, I did like the ending. Haven't seen the movie
What a disappointing ending! I felt like I had wasted my time reading it.
Scary account of a marriage, but keeps you reading to see the conclusion.
Confusing storylines; characters lack development  - did not like ending!
The plot was masterful.....the ending made me wish I didn't waste my time
The ending through me off. But the first half of the book i was ADDICTED.
Ok read, pretty predictable.......easy read, and does keep your attention
The start was really good but the ending was a huge disappointment. Meh.
Started out slow, but I kept reading anyway!  It gets better eventually!
It seemed a bit shallow and it seemed unrealistic as the story moved on.
Good book...didn't like the ending so thought it was a waste of my time.
The book held my interest but I wouldn't  exactly  call it a page turner
the book was amazing but the ending was so bad.  It left me disappointed
May be a better movie than a read.  I had to struggle to get through it.
It took until about half the book to get really interesting and exciting
A little slow to start but stay with it..it turns into a fantastic book!
Great read. I couldn't put it down. I'm actually sad that I've finished.
I did not like the ending I felt like there should have been more to it.
A best seller to me is one that grabs me and I never want to end.  I thought the beginning was slow, I made myself keep reading it.  The middle was what I expected from a best seller.  The end was not good.  I actually thought perhaps I was missing pages.  I am really surprised this has moved up the best seller list.  I will get the authors other books at the library.
Girl on the Train much better and many more twists, and better writing.
a good holiday read but not so good.But I did have to finish it!!
This was a good read until the end.  Then, it dragged on and on and on.
Very good book with unique plot and style -- disappointed in the ending
I don't want to spoil anything by writing why I am giving this 3 stars.
Got bored with story too drawn out needed more substance in story line.
just alright do hope the movie is better diary reading he said she said
its good but its not that freakin good-to be on the list this damn long
Was good enough to keep me entertained but not good enough to recommend
Disappointing read especially the ending which made little sense to me,
This is a great beach book. A real page turner that keeps you guessing.
I enjoyed the unexpected turns of events, but the ending left me flat.
I thought book - story was very strange and had a disappointing ending
Not bad but it did not hold my attention.  I like more complex action.
well written, very suspenseful, I dont generally care for psycho drama
Started slow but then takes a turn that keeps you turning the pages...
Slow beginning. The book didn't grip me until entrance of theist reds.
First half was excellent. Wasn't thrilled with second half and ending.
It wasn't my favorite book. I found my self skipping through it a lot.
I found the first two thirds of the book very interesting. Sadly, the rest of the story was a let down. It wasn't just what happened towards the end, but also how it was written. It seemed less thought out than the beginning and middle. The actual ""ending"" was so abrupt I was extremely disappointed. The premise has loads of potential, but fell short.
This is Waaaayyyy out there.......glad I didn't PAY to see the movie.
Good everyday reading material....would keep most readers interested.
Great story! Just wish I had read the book before watching the movie.
Didn't like the ending at all. This book was interesting but strange.
Good up until the ending ! Wanted to throw my kindle out the window !
No real surprises. Fun, quick read, but your brain will not be taxed.
A well written book with a truly crappy ending. You have been warned.
i just found this book to  be o.k. i felt the same way aboutthe movie
Very slow until the middle of book but then it just didn't any better
An interesting look at human strengths & weaknesses & interdependence
Did not like the end of the book- the rest of the book was intriguing
It was good until the ending. The book was AMAZING until the ending.
Takes a long time to get interesting, then it's pretty unbelievable.
Pretty good until the end. Conclusion didn't work for me. Too quick.
I have to say I did not like the ending it was kind of a let down!!!
Almost couldn't bear it until half way through and then it got good.
i thought the book was okay  did not like the ending or the language
I didn't love this like everyone else did.  It was slow moving, IMO.
Slow to start off, often got a bit predictable but held my interest.
Not as riveting as a I thought it was going to be, ending was weird.
Poor ending; evil triumphs over good.  Not the way to end the story.
Great all the way through but disappointing ending. It just stopped.
Kind of strange, didn't  care much for the story line  or the ending
Started out promising but I found it a little boring as it went on.
Great book - couldn't stop reading.But disappointed at the ending.
I was saddened by the ending and am thankful the story was fiction.
very slow starter but after 30% it moves well till last 3 pages !!!
The ending was weird. The book was well written but not surprising.
Maybe it's all the hype, but I found the ending rather implausible.
unusual tale of distorted love. I would recommend it to my friends.
Fills in gaps from the movie,  but still liked movie suspense more.
Very slow start, then a big build up with little reward at the end.
Smartly written, but I prefer a different genere--much more action.
I'm in the process of reading the book - but it's not an easy read!
Didn't live up to the hype.  But it was well written and enjoyable.
I guess I was expecting much more. Some parts were really boring...
And they madea movie? Hope the movie is better then the book.
Good book, really liked it....except for the unsatisfactory ending.
Gillian Flynn is a talented writer. I was entranced when I read her first book Sharp Objects. I read about Gone Girl in Entertainment Weekly and immediately went to the bookstore to procure Gone Girl. I was initially hooked by the alternating narratives of the present and the past told by a husband and wife, but saw the 'twist' coming from the first one hundred pages. I skipped ahead to the page where a helpful reviewer told me the twist occurred and read on from there, not requiring anymore character development of what I can only describe as narcissists in love.Flynn conceived a novel with a lot in the hopper and hoped that her book would be one that managed to meld two very different genres together - on the one hand a well-written literary thriller, on the other hand a cogent meditation on the disappointments, revelations and compromises of marriage. I am sorry to report that she didn't quite make it and instead the entire novel ends up being less than the sum of its parts rather than more.Nick and Amy are young, hip, successful culture merchants in the New York of the nineties and early oughts when the bottom drops out of the cultural writing market and they find themselves in a leased McMansion in a flyover state with the first bloom off their marriage and no end in sight. They no longer complete each other and their love no longer makes them perfect in their eyes and the eyes of their partner. There is a good description of narcissism here and of narcissism gone all the way to sociopathy but because the novel can't decide whether it is a thriller or a character study or a farcical meditation on marriage in the culture of narcissism the characters read as less of an intimate revelation than the author intended. On the day of their anniversary, Amy disappears and it becomes clear that Nick is most likely responsible. Who is responsible for the disappearance and the devolution of their marriage is the work of the rest of the book. Gimmicky and well-written enough to make the flaws pass unnoticed during the reading the ending and large portions of the novel are unbelievable and skimmable.Will do well as the literary mystery beach read of the summer but won't stand the test of time - very much a novel of the moment. That said, Flynn has talent and is an author to watch and read again. Gone Girl just didn't quite come together.
The twists in the plot are clever. Not a novel to remember though.
Well written, certainly a page turner. Didn't care for the ending.
Left me feeling that there should have been more to end the story.
Liked it till I got to the final chapter then not did not  like it
I thought the book was well written but I did not like the ending.
Not sure if I liked the characters, but the story was entertaining
The story was great the ending was terrible.  Would not buy again.
Interesting but dragged on to long. Necessary to plot development.
The book was just okay.  I did not care for the way she wrote it.
The novel grabbed my attention, but the ending was disappointing.
A good light read for the beach or deck chair. Predictable mostly
Didn't like the ending but I was hooked on the rest of the book:)
A bit boring towards the end, didn't like the anti climax ending.
ok novel --- not a great read.  Just needed to know how it ended.
I EXPECTED MORE OF AN ENDING.......THIS ENDING WAS DISSAPOINTING.
I wasn't that impressed with the book, I felt it was predictable.
Slow start but a pretty good read. Not impressed with the ending.
It was an interesting page turner but didn't care for the ending.
very slow start to the book.  Easy read, leaves you wanting more.
An interesting plot though I did not find any of the characters especially likeable and no,the ending was not at all satisfying.
This book began well, but as it progressed, became unbelievable.
The book was good, however the ending was pretty anti-climactic.
Good read, stupid ending. The end made the book a waste of time!
Engrossing until it pushes the envelope of plausibility too far.
The beginning is a bit drab and the ending was a disappointment.
Exciting with many twists and turns---I did not like the ending.
Not my style, people should not get away with being a bad person
Did not like the ending. There was too much sexual implications.
Got two of Flynn's books, both okay but doubt I will order more.
The end took away from all the good momentum in the basic story.
It wrote like a crime model...and it was a non ending..good read
I was so excited to read this book; but it was a true letdown. About 200 pages could have been eliminated. I felt it kept dragging and dragging and then you would get some moments of suspense and intrigue. It is a unique plot, no doubt. I felt Ms. Flynn just didn't know how to end it; or I just didn't get her ending message.
It didn't end so much as just stopped.  This felt unsatisfying.
In this one case, I found the movie to be better than the book.
Occasionally hard to follow. Took awhile to get into the story.
it kept me interested I was a little disappointed in the ending
I hated how it ended, but enjoyed the book up until that point.
I enjoyed this book but was a bit disappointed with the ending.
Will make a good film. Character of Amy annoying.  Far fetched.
I really didn't think it was as good as the reviews indicated.
I did not like the ending.  I would not rate it a best seller.
absolutely hated the ending. It feels like the author gave up.
Had a hard time getting into the book, seemed like it dragged.
I am probably too old to appreciate he nuances of this novel.!
It started very slow but got better about half way through it.
This did not live up to the hype.  Read much better mysteries.
It was ok but a little weird. Not really what I was expecting.
Overall the book was good but the ending completely ruined it.
Interesting, but disturbing to a point of real mental illness!
I read it all but I thought it was contrived and far fetched.,
Read the book first. Then the movie will make much more sense.
Exactly what I wanted but it arrived days after delivery date.
Readable, disturbing, clever. Not people I would want to know.
Entertaining pass time. I don't understand all the excitement.
This was an okay book -did not feel it lived up to its ratings
Sometimes slow sometimes very fast.  Not sure I liked the end!
Ok book just to hard to read this type of two person narration
I thought it would have been better after all the hype it got
Pretty slow in the first half but picks up in the second half
I hated the fact that she's  I'll, and got away with murder!!
Keeps your attention, but requires a suspension of disbelief.
After all the hype about this movie, we were very diappointed
Loved this. Try Amy Hudson's 'The Quiet Deaths', even better!
Liked the final statements of the book better than the movie.
Awful ending!! Really good up to the end... So disappointing!
Wasn't as crazy about it as everyone else I know who read it.
It was a good book, but parts did not allow a smooth read....
Loved the book. Twists, turns... The ending killed it for me.
Very good but read slow got lost in beginning movie was great
Book was interesting, but the ending was totally unrealistic.
The beginning of the book was fine but it became predictable.
enjoyed the first half then the author gets a bit far fetched
Although a good read, it was very much like a Lifetime Movie.
I really enjoyed the book. Did not like the end of the story.
Overall disappointed with this read. I enjoyed the author's writing style, it keeps the pages turning, but this is not a thriller. This book is more like a suspense comedy. The end was utterly ridiculous and very disappointing. I am not sure why this book has received so much notoriety, I was not impressed.
Loved the beginning, a little trashy, but I could live with that.  A KU Jayhawk subtly trashing eastern Missouri and Mizzou fans was harder to take, but the worst was the toxic relationships that abound in the book.  I just wanted to take a shower and wished I could hose it out of my brain when I was done.
Hard to follow initially.  Better after I watched the movie.
I just didn't like the opportunity it jumped back and forth.
Good read. Engaging however disappointed withe way it ended.
i found it hard to get into and the ending was disappointing
Seemed jnumbled - didn't make sense until later in the book.
Did not like the ending, too much cursing.  Good story line.
Very slow start but picked up mid way then it was very good.
It was a good book. that  was about all I could say about it
ok....  hard to keep up with at first..... hated the ending.
I didn't care for this book.  Maybe the movie will be better
Expertly written with a marvelous way with the written word.
Have'nt found a favorite character halfway through the book.
Really slow start, picked up mid way but I hated the ending.
Eh!  Not my favorite book.  But most people seem to love it.
It was quite a good book right up until the ending.  To me the ending seemed lazy, like the author had some pressing engagement and had to tie it up because she had run out of time.  To write such a fine book and then give it such an brief, unbelievable and poorly written ending is a crime all its own.
Well I will have to say that I have read better books. Really the only thing that kept me hanging in was the insane amount of plot twists. It was an interesting read...but too slow. I found myself liking and then hating the characters all throughout the book, switching on an off been the two feelings.
The book held my interest but the ending was very very poor
Book was better than the movie but still not my cup of tea.
The two main characters were crazy and deserved each other.
Thought the ending was a bit anti-climactic. Disappointing.
Heard movie was wonderful but not enjoying the book so much
I enjoyed this book but it was a bit of a disappointing end
Not my kind of book. I finished it but cannot recommend it.
slow reading at first but got better about half way through
I liked the story, the writing, but the ending was terrible
Kind of lame.  Hooks you in and then devolves into fantasy.
Kept my interest until the end where I became disappointed.
Good book but fizzles out at the end - very anti-climactic.
Quite a twisted novel.  The characters are truly psychotic.
Interesting twists in the story but very disappointing end.
Loved it until the ending.  HATED, HATED, HATED the ending!
loved it until the end.  Felt it just fell flat at the end.
Fun read but not a super illuminating or satisfying story.
It was a good read but kinda felt left hanging at the end.
A very disturbing story of narcissistic love and betrayal.
Fun to read albeit a story that's completely unbelievable!
Too much detail. Hard to get into. Didn't like the ending.
The ending ruined it for me.  I would just watch the movie
Very well written but completelydisappointed by the ending
Book was great but the ending was like ""WTF . . .
I enjoyed it. Right up to the ending that didn't happen...
Loved it until the end..I was left feeling disappointed...
Entertaining, not great writing, hope the movie is better.
Everybody knows the book and now the film. Why to comment?
Gone Girl is a great read. The author really sucks you into the story and characters as they literally and figuratively screw each other. In the end though its the reader who gets screwed with the pathetic ending. Enjoy the ride, just be warned that your final destination is disappointing.
slow start but picks upmore in depth than the movie
Good thriller and very interesting way to tell the story.
Great read until you get to the ending. Worst ending ever
I couldn't put the book down but did not like the ending!
It wasn't as exciting as I thought, & I hated the ending.
It was just ok.  Did not see what all the hype was about.
Decent plot. Depressing ending. Silver Linings gone awry.
Meh... I didn't find it that interesting or cliff hanging
I found the change of heart in chatscters hard to believe
Slow start but got more interesting; disappointing ending
Disappointed in the ending. Left me feeling dissatisfied.
Well written, and great idea but lost me towards the end.
The ending was ridulously aggravating.  There, I said it.
Was a great book until the ending which was unsatisfying.
It was just Ok for me. Didn't really care for the ending.
The book was in great shape. I am not a fan of the story.
Good but disturbing. Well written and kept me interested.
Good story, could have done without so much bad language.
The author is brilliant for most of the book.  The first part lags but she keeps you wanting more.  By mid-book, you're hooked...the writing is genius!  That is...until you get to the end...what happened?  Writer's block?  Really?  After all the brilliance, this is all you have for an ending?  If I wanted full throttle to flacid in a matter of minutes, I would have scheduled a date with my ex husband.  It's ""War of the Roses"" on a grander scale, but nevertheless, it's still War of the Roses and the end is an anti-climatic snore fest.
Very intrigate plot and not exactly likeable characters.
Moved through the book great, but the ending was a bust.
I didn't like the sick minds of the two main characters.
I enjoyed the book but the ending left you wanting more.
I have not finished it yet. I find it very slow reading.
Story was slow to start.  Not my style of story writing.
I was disappointed after reading all the good reviews!!!
story dragged on without keeping my interest. OK reading
The ending was really bad, otherwise I enjoyed the book.
Well written but psychopathy as a literary device is 2D.
HATED the stupid ending. A bunch of buildup for nothing.
started great, showed a lot of promise, then just ended.
Fast entertaining read. The ending was empty for me tho.
Not great literature.  Interesting and disturbing story.
Entertaining, funny, a few slow spots and an odd ending.
Well written with a good plot but a bit tedious to read.
A story that promotes living in misery and manipulation.
Good, but too much of the story was long and drawn out.
Took a long time for me to get ""into"" the book.
I found it very confusing.  Must have missed something.
Started out a GREAT book, absolutely HATED the ending!!
OK BUT WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY ONE TO BOTHER READING IT
Wierd ending.  Seems like it was set up for a sequel...
Not a fan of the ending.  Perhaps there be a book 2 ???
Wish I was able to read the book before I saw the movie
Starts well, but then the writing quality takes a dive.
The first 160 pages are boring. The rest is suspensrful
okay, not my kind of book, not a believable story line.
Just too weird for me.  No common thread to this tale.
I found it difficult to get into.  But not a bad read.
very average writing. The book was in great condition.
better read over a short period of time, but worth it.
Disappointed by the ending but it kept me entertained.
I got through it but it was depressing and farfetched.
Good mystery without interesting character development
Got a little bored with diary style - overall enjoyed.
enjoyable read, hard to put down once you get started.
Very good read. I little disappointed with the ending.
It was good untill the ending . They are both physio's
Well written.  Perturbing and disappointing ending.  .
Good beginning and great characters. Hate the ending!!
Very tediously written and just plain not interesting.
The book was written well, but at times it was hard to figure out who was talking when.  The ending was rather dissappointing and confgusing.  I might read something else from this author just to see if his writing is any better in a different book.  I give it 2.5 stars.
Good vacation read on the beach. Nothing too serious.
Still trying to figure out! Did not see the movie too
Took me awhile to get into the plot, but it was okay.
So much more could have happened. Let down at the end
The book was mostly good but the ending was terrible!
Great suspense but the ending seemed weak and rushed.
I guess I missed what makes this book such a big hit.
Predictable.  Unbelievable.  Did not like the ending.
I read this book because it had been chosen this month by my book club.  I have a very mixed opinion on this book.  I loved the plot, liked the characters, yet I positively hated the ending.  I closed the book in disgust.  Many others in the group felt the same way.
The book was very well written, and it had quite a surprise twist in the middle that I did not see coming. I did find it very disturbing though, i must say.  It left me feeling kinda sick.  If you are looking for an uplifting read, then this is not the book for you.
The story starts well then loses momentum at the end
Very good book with a terrible disappointing ending.
The unnecessary language and the ending ruined it...
The book was very good but I didn't like the ending.
Not well written. Book had no closer. Made me Angry!
Kept me interested...did not really like the ending.
suspenseful and intriguing in part, then ridiculous.
Ruined by an improbable twist and an unlikely ending
Not my kind of book. Not enough action an adventure.
I did not enjoy this book at all. It was disturbing.
quite suspenseful but very disappointed with ending.
Thought it  dragged in places..  but story was good.
Ending was odd. Felt like the author ran out of gas.
Read in one day so very good word writing but ending just seems like those movies that run out of funding and so have quick silly ending tacked on. Another reviewer said author got stuck towards end and it shows. It will keep your interest so give it 3 stars.
i thought the book was a total page turner until i got to the end.  was really disappointed.  It's obviously a personal opinion, so i would still recommend the book to people.  however, i really thought the ending should have gone in a different direction.
not as good as i would aspect. it was kind of silly
Way convoluted. Missourians portrayed way too dumb.
Had mixed emotions about whether I liked it or not.
I did not like the ending. that is just my opinion.
Bizarre!!!!Too much profanity!  Drawn out at times.
I quite liked the plot but the story was over long.
A good read but don't care much for the ending.....
Too disjointed - too farfetched.  Hated the ending.
Too much detail, skipped a lot of trivial passages.
The twist at the end of the book was disappointing.
Very intense but the ending ruined the book for me.
Interesting book. Not what I thought would happen.
Didn't care for the unnecessary four-letter words!
DID NOT LIKE IT VERY MUCH....SUCH A NEGATIVE STORY
Hard to put down but I didn't like the characters!
You know almost from the beginning how it will end
Interesting though pathetic view of relationships.
Disappointing ending... the story felt incomplete.
An interesting read but might have been overhyped.
I was disappointed in the predictable plot ending.
It was a difficult read. I haven't seen the movie.
Book is well written, but it is a bit too obvious.
Enjoyed the book but very surprised by the ending,
I wouldn't read it again.  Too long and drawn out.
This novel is okay but not the quality I expected.
I am too angry with the ending to give it 5 stars
Stars kind of slow but I'm glad I stayed with it.
A little dark for my taste. But truly intriguing.
Good read. Keeps you guessing until the very end.
The plot pulls you in, but is it really worth it?
Pretty good book but the ending was just bizarre.
Lots of twists and turns.  Didn't like the ending
did not like the ending but many twists and turns
I enjoyed the story, but did not like the ending.
Disappointing. Perhaps too much hype due to movie
Although it had its twists it became predictable.
Interesting story, good reading, nothing special.
Wish I hadnt read the book before I saw the movie
This book was slow in parts but kept my interest.
Hated the ending . . . hope the movie changes it.
Good, interesting start. Disappointed in the end.
good read but ending was abrupt and not that good
Unpleasant premise. Made me uncomfortable reading this story....so read the end (which confirmed my negative opinion of story). Guess that many people would like the theme...just a matter of opinion. Go for it! Will probably make a good movie.
After all the hype, I found it a disappointment.
A fun read until the end, which got unrealistic.
Interesting and enjoyable except for the ending.
It wasn't what I expected but it was not a bore.
Author has a enjoyable and visual writing style.
The book was good but I did not like the ending!
An intriguing tale with an unsatisfactory ending
Not what I thought it would be. Terrible ending.
the ending just stopped cold very dissappointing
Agreeing with other readers - disappointing end.
don't like all the foul language. so unnecessary
Was expecting more, and did not like the ending.
I am try to read this although the print is tiny
Slow start, not as good as I thought it would be
Very unrealistic ending. Not remotely plausible.
I felt there was too much of destroying 2 people
A bit bizarre. Enough twists to keep you hooked.
Good book! Keeps you on your toes till the end!!
Initially a good read but I didn't like the end.
How  the world will they make a movie of this???
I know everyone loves this book, but it really made me mad.  I didn't really love any of the characters to begin with, but as the story built I was became more and more intrigued only to be disappointed with the lame, lame, lame, ending.
What started out as a great story that I could not put down, had an extremely unsatisfying ending.  It seemed Flynn just gave up because she couldn't decide how to end it!  I was so mad, I wouldn't pick up another book for almost a week!
Not sure what all the hype is about this story.
Great book until the ending, very disappointed!
Writing was good but the format drove me crazy.
It was ok but was disappointed with the ending.
IT HELD MY INTEREST, BUT SOME PARTS IT DRAGGED.
Well written, but did not care for the outcome.
Kept my attention, but really hated the ending.
Great read until the last page, what a let down
Not as good and all the hype made it out to be.
I was disappointed with the ending.  Good read.
Language was terrible. No need for such filth.
Family too dysfunctional for me toEnjoy.
Starts out good, the ending was disappointing.
It's okay I didn't see the end coming that way
The ending seemed rushed and not well planned.
Very good except for ending. Nothing resolved.
An interesting read, but the ending was awful!
Not crazy about the ending..kind of a let down
It held  your interest but not exciting prose.
The book was great ...the ending was the worst
the first half was better then the second half
In probable for this computer/photo day & age.
Great book until you get to the last 50 pages!
Not as good as all the hype made it out to be.
Such a different ending......left me hanging!!
Didn't finish.  It bored me and was too slow.
Couldn't finish it because of great violence.
Fair book.  I probably need to see the movie.
Print too small for me to read with bifocals.
It was about what I expected with a few turns
Much better than the movie, but kind of slow.
The language was distracting and a deterrent.
So-so book.  Thought it was a stupid premise.
A little slow. It in the end it was riveting.
Kept your interest but didn't like the ending
I thought the book was too long and drawn out
End was kind of slow. But overall great book!
I already see a handful of reviews that felt the same as I do.  From the start this was a great book, enjoyable to read, and I had a hard time putting it down.  It's a thriller, and you are regularly left wondering ""what's next.""  The character development was solid, and the format of alternating narrators is interesting.However, the ending is a complete and total let down.  I was sure I would go back to read some of the author's earlier works, but now that I'm finished, I am not so sure.  I had begun recommending this book to friends before I had gotten into the last couple of chapters, and I am recommending it with reservations.
I've never read anything quite like this. I couldn't put it down and I still can't believe the story line. I just can't think of a good enough description that gives this book justice. but I definitely recommend the read
Easy read - not much substance but enjoyable
surprise ending that I didn't want to happen
It started slow and took too long to pick up
A little confusing at times but a good read.
It was a good story but a bit weak at times.
Starts out good then gets pretty far fetched
This was the most frustrating ending ever!!!
ok but needs a better seat belt arrangement.
The ending was disappointing and disturbing.
Highly regarded by critiics, but not for me.
It was entertaining although very improvable
I really love it but the ending was horrible
Language gutteral unnecessary for story line
Loved the book. Did not care for the ending.
Intriguing but carried on for a bit too long
Not great literature but a real page turner.
Good mystery to a point.  Ending too facile.
Interesting but somewhat repetitiously wordy
A fast moving thriller! A good weekend read.
A little disappointed after all the hype....
Liked book, except for disappointing ending.
It seemed confusing at first but got better.
Liked the story, HATED the main characters.
Good read. Better than the movie... Sorry!!
Interesting but soap operaish.  Unresolved.
It was ok. I was disappointed at the ending
A very unexpected ending feel sorry for him
Great book until the poorly written ending.
Great story! But the ending??? Not so great
The basic story line was good with lots of twists snd turns. The ""F' word was way over used in this book.  It made for me embarassingly uncomfortable. I would have rated the book a five execpt for the laungage.
You just finished reading “Gone Girl”. You:A) Are sooo mad! Here you just spent a total of 12 hours, 12 DELICIOUS hours, over the last few days devouring this book and then the B**** (Capitol B) Flynn just unexpectedly, effortlessly slapped you in the face with this anti-climactic ending. Forget those 12 hours you enjoyed, singing Flynn’s praise during dinner conversations or in short text messages to your friends (providing teaser updates), meditating on the glorious review you are going to write just before you close your eyes in joyful anticipation of picking up the book again first thing in the morning.  And then THIS! How DARE she! You consider boycotting the movie (however, you nurture a tiny hope it has a better ending). You will NEVER read any of Flynn’s other novels. You want your money back. The movie just came out right? You look for local movie show times.B) Start analyzing “Diary Amy” …. Then “Amy Elliott Dunne” … Then “Nick Before” and “Nick After” and then “Nick Afterall”…. You start seeing Nick in your husband, your brother, or your son-in-law… You start seeing the REAL Amy in your wife, your fiancée, your daughter-in-law or your colleague. Suddenly it all makes sense!  You have to think about this a little more.  Maybe it would be good to start making notes …. just in case.  And a list.  Yes, definitely a list. In any event, from now on it will be prudent to proceed cautiously with them. Very cautiously, always.C) Feel like it was an entertaining read. But you put the book down with a frown on your face. You couldn’t care less about the ending, because, really, somewhere during Part Three you determined that it did not really matter how the story ends.  You can’t help but wonder if this is the new trend: making nice, good hearted and well-intended people look like one-dimensional losers; predictable, boring, … doomed. Sure you can relate to a higher or lesser degree to most of the characters, but you don’t like them any more because of it. You prefer spending your time with NICE, genuine people.  But hey, the book was entertaining all right. Moving on.D) Giggle and feel excited, almost syndicated.  Finally, someone was able to give a glimpse of how BRILLIANT some of us are. Flynn opened the door to many and you hope people are finally GETTING it. Not get YOU, of course, because, after all, this book was not/could not be about you, not even close, and yet … Gone Girl provided some really good food for thought. So clever. You possibly learned a thing or two. The execution however could have been better.  You decide to grant Flynn an “A”.  For effort. You already are the “Master of Lists”, but, hmmm, maybe it’s time to start a diary.E) Are a little frazzled about the ending. Not sure you like it. But what a great book! The Best Book Ever! You have to tell everyone immediately.
Didn't Like It. Couldn't Put It Down.Here's how I heard about Gone Girl: A friend said on Facebook that she abandoned Gone Girl and picked up my book -- Bones in the Wash: Politics is Tough. Family is Tougher -- and thoroughly enjoyed it. (Hint, hint.)I didn't know at the time that Gone Girl was so popular, or that it had been optioned for a movie, but I was looking for some airplane reading and noted in the San Francisco Chronicle that it was at the top  paperback fiction best-sellers.I was hooked before the plane took off. The story starts on the five-year anniversary of Nick and Amy, who lost their literary jobs in New York and are now living in the depressed Missouri town where NIck grew up. The chapters alternate between Nick relating their new life in his old hometown and Amy's diary entries, which go back to when she met Nick at a party in Manhattan.Amy disappears on the their anniversary, and the police zero in on Nick as the suspect. Nothing unusual about that.Gillian Flynn keeps the twists and turns coming -- it's a well-written and cleverly plotted book and what I thought was really going on was halfway right and the other half not at all. One way she does this is by having the narrators not be reliable. They don't tell the whole story. They leave important things out. I get that. A few lies of omission by storytellers is a great way to build suspense.But it's their lies as the characters in the book that turned me off to them. I don't want to give away the plot, but let me just say that Nick and Amy are hard to like. Hard to root for. They are both self-absorbed and immoral people, and that made the wild ride of the plot more of an intellectual challenge than an emotional investment. The characters were certainly well-drawn, and charming enough at first, but not the kind of people you'd want to be married to.It's not like I can't root for a sleazeball. I loved House of Cards, with Kevin Spacey, even though he's a (spoiler alert) a manipulative murderer. Maybe because he's Kevin Spacey, or we see his humanity behind his devious deeds. But I just plain didn't care enough about Nick or Amy to be satisfied. Maybe I'll like them better in the movie.The ending disappointed. I don't need everything to be wrapped up in a bow, but I like to see some sort of resolution. I suppose there was one, but it didn't work for me.Near the end, one character says to the other, ""I feel sorry for you. You have to wake up every morning being you.""I couldn't agree more.Hard to like a book when you don't like the characters, no matter how clever and tight the plot is.-- John Byrne Barry, author of [...]
I recently read “Reconstructing Amelia” (which I liked, despite some flaws), and many reviewers compared it to “Gone Girl”, which I had not read, so I decided to do so. My view of “Gone Girl” is somewhere in the middle of those who have reviewed it. On one hand, I don’t believe those who state that if you didn't love this book, you somehow don’t “get it”. The book was very well written (I also liked that both Amy and Nick were writers, and when the author used phrases like “Amy and me” as an object, she pointed out a couple times that it was, in fact, correct English) and mostly well constructed, and I have few complaints there. I strongly disagree with the reviewer who stated that there is a little bit of each of us and our friends in both of the characters. I found both Amy and Nick to be caricatures, not real people – this is, after all, fiction, not reality. Yes, there were some truisms about the difficulties of marriage and relationships, but Amy in particular was so extreme, that any resemblance to reality was negated. Nick was a jerk who had definite issues with women in general and Amy in particular, but he wasn't over the top. Amy was just a flat-out sociopath, with few redeeming qualities. Neither was particularly likable.I agree with the people who disliked the ending [minor spoiler alert]. There really wasn't any resolution (other than maybe that people get the lives they deserve), and certainly no sense that justice was ever served. My ideal ending would have had Amy exposed and committed to an institution for the criminally insane. The ending instead reminded me of “The Good Earth” where Wang Lung’s sons smiled behind his back, and you knew they were going to sell their father’s land in a final betrayal. Like Wang Lung’s sons, Amy figuratively stood behind her husband smiling, because she knew that her wishes would triumph in the end. Nick’s dreams of starting anew would be thwarted because Amy knew him so well that she correctly anticipated how he would react to the final step of her master plan.[Spoiler alert] To me, the plot started to unravel once Amy had her money stolen, and it went downhill from there. Until that point, it all worked very well. Overall, I’m giving the book three stars, mostly because of the excellent writing, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you are prepared to be disappointed.
Two reviews - both 3 starsMy ReviewDid I enjoy this book: Not really. But it kept me reading until the end.Here’s the thing. It is a different story with some different angles. But I didn’t like any of the characters. None of them. There was no one that I cared about. There were quite a few times I wanted to DNF this book. If it hadn’t been for book group and a willingly read spoiler, I probably would have DNF’d this book way before the halfway mark. (Probably before the quarter mark.) That’s how much I didn’t care.So, you may ask, what kept me reading? Well, I wanted to see how it ended. I wanted to see if there was a clever catch, an interesting twist, something redeeming for any of the characters.***SPOILER ALERT — STOP READING NOW IF YOU DON’T WANT TO KNOW DETAILS.***There was nothing redeeming. I thought Amy was a psychotic, bored, rich b*****. Nick was spineless, weak, and pissed off (with good reason). The cops were incompetent. Boney I liked because she knows the truth. Unfortunately, she can’t prove it. Go was an afterthought. I’m not sure what purpose she served. The parents were crazy. I was hoping it had been their plan to salvage the Amazing Amy books. The ending?!?!? What?!?!? I don’t even remotely understand that. It was a let down.***SPOILER OVER – YOU MAY RESUME READING.***Okay. The book is fairly well-written. A few too many words and descriptions for my taste. It could probably lose about 100 pages and be just as good, maybe even better because it wouldn’t be so long. The plot was different and well-thought out. Every angle was covered and explained. It was an intriguing story. Just too much for me. I wish I had cared about one of the characters. I wish one of the characters would have received their just desserts.Would I recommend it: Tough question … I may if someone asks me about it. But I wouldn’t actively recommend it to all the people I know.Will I read it again: I will not.Belinda's ReviewDid I enjoy this book: It was very complicated, but overall, I did.Flynn does a great job of keeping the suspense going all the way to the end. Whatever you think you know about where the story’s going, you’re probably wrong.Interestingly, there were times when the book felt weirdly comical. And I’m not sure that was the author’s intent. But like I said, the book was complicated. The first time was at the mall raid. A former magazine writer turned college professor along with his Psychologist/writer father-in-law barge into an abandoned mall turned crack house with a handful of townie thugs toting baseball bats to rat out any suspects. It seemed more Paul Blart: Mall Cop than Dirty Harry.And the author had the oddest habit of taking a word and adding –ily to the end to create an adverb. Someone sat down “pissily” or grunted “shitily.” But my favorite (I swear I’m not making this up) was when Officer Boney looked at Chance “winkily.” I got so hung up on this I had to do some investigating of my own. I started keeping a log. I looked them up in the dictionary. And my darkest fears became a reality. They aren’t words at all.Main character, Amy, befuddled me even more than the adverb mystery. Even early in the novel, we know something is seriously wrong with this girl.Apparently, she agrees with her husband that women who turn their husbands into “dancing-monkeys” are ridiculous and she’ll have no part of it. This includes behaviors most people would consider every day consideration. Like showing up for a dinner party with your wife when you say you will. Even stumbling in at 4 a.m. drunk and belligerent with a woman’s phone number and receipts from strip joints in his pocket on their anniversary is ok with her. She concedes that she’s “being a girl” by feeling upset over this.I halfway expected to discover her parents had written a book in their children’s series entitled, Amazing Amy: Gets Her Brain Sucked Out. Why else would she behave so stupidily? (sorry, couldn’t stop myself on that one.)But read on, there’s nothing stereotypical about this character. She’s goofy, creepy, psychotic, hard (maybe impossible) to understand. But like the story line, whatever you think you know about Amy early on in the book is probably wrong.Concluding thoughts: really complicated, unpredictable book with some bright spots and a few awkward chuckles.Would I recommend it: Unless you’re one of those weirdos who gets hung up on adverbs, you might enjoy this one.Will I read it again: No.
Reading GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn was a bit like trying to eat an entire Hickory Farms summer sausage by yourself  You know the one; unidentified chunks of greasy meat and fat encased in a slimy skin that leave a lardy coating and garlicky tang in your mouth.  As you prepare to cut into it, you almost want to blow grits.  But then a small piece, followed by another, and then another and before you know it the obnoxious tube is gone, and it didn't taste half bad.  So it was for me with this sausage of a book.I didn't particularly like it but it grew on me the more I read.  Trying to make sense of my ambiguity has posed a real problem as I try to critique it.  The writing is good.  In fact, it's very good.  I didn't have trouble following the story.  The dialogue is crisp and vivid.  The characters are well developed and, for the most part, I understand the storyline.  But here's the problem.  The premise is so far out there that I don't believe a word of it.  The main characters, Nick and Amy Dunne, are such dimwits with so much self-absorption that they wouldn't be able to mentally function in any world that I know of.The story revolves around Nick and Amy's hatred so much that neither would be capable of performing the acts attributed to them by the author.  The acts themselves are so convoluted and malicious that a reasonable person would scoff at their very premise.  A pair of panties here, a bloody puppet leg there, a purse in the street, playthings with a sleeping man's fingerprints planted on them, a false pregnancy test with another woman's urine, a partially burned diary, and on and on.  No one, especially a psychopath, would ever be able to assemble all the elements Flynn has stuffed into her book into a believable chain of events..The early part of the book was especially difficult to digest; something like the first slices of the sausage.  Amy's diary entries were particularly troubling.  Who writes a diary like that?  Page after page of literary musing and specific detail that covers many years is not credible.  Short scribbled entries with large time gaps are more normal.  Of course, as the story progresses, the need for such a detailed diary is revealed.I must confess that my curiosity as to how it all ends, how the vitriol is expunged, who will emerge victorious, who will become scum, and how all the shenanigans will be played out kept me in the book until the end (an ending that was as preposterous as the rest of the story).I recommend this book to those with tolerance for graphic language, the urge to punish someone, admiration for characters with mean spirits, and those who like sausage.Schuyler T WallaceAuthor of TIN LIZARD TALES
Predictable start, surprising twist, tepid ending.I love a thriller - and Lee Child, Ruth Rendell, etc. have provided me many a blissful reading moment.  In ""Gone Girl"", the author gives us a stock-standard start as happens in many a breaking-news item: wife disappears (Amy), finger points to the sneaky-looking husband (Nick), the police/ media/ reality-show-loving public have a field day joining the dots to the arrest of the husband.  It is True Crime masquerading as a Reality Show.Therefore, I admit to having waded through the story where the husband is trying to claim his innocence, all the while showing little-to-no interest in his missing wife. He throws in a few bombshells e.g. about his activities and interests, including lack of a reliable alibi.  During this part of the book, I put the book down many times, hoping not only that there would be a twist, but that it would be worthwhile.Then came the twist - thank goodness, or I may not have finished the book.  And it led to an ending that I thought was too clever for me.  So when I read with interest a number of readers' comments on this page, I found that many of them were similarly disappointed by the ending.Gillian Flynn has been quoted in EW online saying that she didn't write it as an open ending to set up a sequel.  But the ending ""... was the only thing that made sense to me, that made sense to what was true to the book and true to the characters. ... (Some content removed to avoid spoiler). She's Amazing Amy!""And, ""I sought different ways to end it, and that one was the one I kept coming back to that felt the way those two would quote work out their issues.""  Hmmm. Still did not satisfy me.  After investing in reading 430+ pages, I wish the author had a definite conclusion in mind and execution.
The first half of this book was a five-star effort for me. I really couldn't put it down and I read it late into the night because, unlike many other thrillers, it wasn't obvious which way it was going to go. It was so interesting the way the financial crisis was reflected in Nick and Amy's personal downfall. When the mystery about what really happened to Amy is solved in the second part of the book it lost a little bit of momentum but it was still a very good read. The way the author made me completely change my perspective and sympathies towards the main characters was brilliantly done. As it continued though I started to see a few holes. It's hard to talk about this book without giving away plot details so if you haven't read it before please stop reading now.I couldn't buy the fact that a girl like Amy would ever come up with a plan that involved her own suicide, no matter how desperately she wanted revenge on Nick. All she really had to do was leave Nick and reclaim the bar to destroy his life. Someone that narcissistic and ego-driven would not even contemplate killing herself in my opinion, because in her eyes it would be the ultimate defeat. I had real trouble buying this aspect of the story and it got worse.Amy turned into a caricature rather than a real person and the book changed from a gritty, realistic thriller to something much less interesting. Why did Amy have to be such an over-the-top sociopath who somehow managed to hide this from her husband and everyone else except her victims for so long? Why did Desi have to be such a complete weirdo who  decorated his lake house for her despite the fact that he hadn't seen her in twenty years? It would have been very easy to portray both these characters more realistically, and in taking this direction much of the tension was lost for me.I appreciate the way the author portrayed the media frenzy that takes place around the disappearances/murder of attractive, rich, white women, but it all started to feel very rushed as it reached its conclusion, and the ending was truly disappointing. It's a shame because I thought I was going to love this book so much, but it was worth reading for the enjoyment I got out of the fist two thirds at least.
GONE GIRL (Pub 2012) by Gillian Flynn has been riding the NY Times bestseller list for 32 weeks now. Last week it was at #1, this week it slipped a notch to #2 (as of 1/19/13). The book's popularity is why I put it on my to-read list. I admit to being a bit of a follower when it comes to picking up a book, word of mouth and all that, right?I had to hang loose on the library's wait list for a couple months to get the book, and almost went ahead and purchased it because of the long wait, but I'm glad I didn't. I was so disappointed in this story, even though the plot sounded intriguing.Nick and Amy Dunne are married, childless, and living in the Big Apple, earning a living as writers, but with the changes in the industry, they both end up jobless. Nick convinces his wife to move back to his hometown,in Podunk, Missouri, and they buy a house there, along with a local bar that Nick and his sister go partners on, paid for with a large chunk of Amy's trust fund. Amy isn't working, and their marriage is slowly eroding, but Nick is hanging in--until Amy goes missing from their home on the morning of their fifth anniversary. It happens out of the blue, and the cops immediatley begin pointing fingers at Nick.To be fair to the author, I am not an 'academic/literary' kind of reader. I'll admit to being an action junky, but I also love strong characters, great dialogue and intriguing plots, so even if a book is short on action, if it's got all the rest going for it, I'll enjoy it as long as the writing style appeals.I got the impression from the first pages of Gone Girl that the author is an 'academic writer', focusing hard on delivering a sophisticated writing style. Power to her, but it just doesn't work for me. Story first, impressive writing second is my motto as a reader, and as a writer. Call me a simpleton, but I'm being honest since this is a 'low' review.What made me give up on this book is the way the author laid it out. The story opens in the husband's POV, which is enjoyable enough, but then when it switches to the wife's, instead of it being written as it's happening, the author chose to write it in 'journal' form - so the wife is basically talking to herself - and this continues throughout the book. Not only do I dislike that approach, it is made worse by the fact that everything the wife is 'telling us' in the journal is a flashback. Meanwhile, the story flips back/forth between the wife's journal entries and Nick's POV, which is written in the present. To me, this made it really hard to get into the story, or get into the character of Amy at all.I didn't finish the book because of this approach to the story, so in fairness to the author, I am giving it three stars because I can't rate the overall quality of the plot itself, so I'll assume it was at least a 4 or 5, since it's been riding the bestseller list so long. The characterization of Nick, is good, and the author's prose is elegant (a little high-brow/distracting for a thriller). For me, the book gets a 1-star on the overall construction so I'm averaging the two out.
I really wanted to put this book in my best-book-ever category. But it turned out to be as anti-climactic as it was riveting. This a tale of: who-done-it meets what happened meets what's-the-truth? That makes for an addictive read and I was up late at night eager to find out how the story would unfold. The story shifts between Nick's perspective during the investigation of his wife's disappearance and entries from Amy's diaries, which chronicle the couple's first meeting in NYC and the decline of their relationship over the next 5 years. It's their contrasting views of their marriage that raises all kinds of questions, one of which is Nick's involvement in Amy's disappearance.There are no true heroes in this story. Not in the traditional sense. One could argue that the term villain is relative in Gone Girl. This isn't a story about a nice, married couple. Ms Flynn's main characters are so well crafted, dark and complex that I understood how Nick and Amy became the people they are, even if I didn't like the things they did. The unraveling of the marriage felt real because it came in bits and pieces over the years until Nick and Amy finally arrived at a broken relationship.The whole thing fell down for me about 2/3 in. The big twist reminded me of the finale of a best-selling Scott Turow novel. If you've read his books you might know the novel in question and see the similarities. I was still intrigued to find out how Gone Girl would end. But the resolution hinged on a backup plan conveniently working out. Some folks can overlook it, but I can't. The premise of the story was based on a meticulously calculated scheme and to have it fall apart then ""work"" based on a convenient timeline flies in the face of the story's groundwork. I just couldn't buy into what the last 100 pages were selling though I wanted to because the initial story approach and the writing was very good. For me, the ending felt anti-climactic. I wasn't looking for a perfect, bow-tie ending but this felt like a hallow victory and it didn't match the story that I started with.That said, Gone Girl is an entertaining read and as long you don't get caught up in hyped-up expectations, then go for it.
I had to get the book because the premise sounded very interesting. I was very disappointed in the pacing in the first 1/3 of the book and the last 3/4. I had to force myself to read a chapter a night until I hit about the 1/3 mark, which is when I started to not want to put the book down. The same thing happened towards the end when the pace slowed down considerably and I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop that really never did. It turned out to be ok, I did not hate the ending as a lot of other people did. It seemed almost a natural end to the two characters that I had grown to despise and wish death upon to spare the world from their lunacy.Nick and Amy are two of those people that really bring out the best and worst of each other and it's never pretty. Amy starts out in the novel bugging me because she seemed like one of those women who ""try"" to get things perfect just so they can have the world feel sorry for them when it doesn't turn out so well. At least once we start learning about the real Amy it was somewhat exciting, even though her actions were horrific. Nick was an extremely self-centered person who seemed to always want to be in control, except he was able to find excuses to blame other people for the consequences of his actions. Neither person is a person one should root for really, which is what made the novel so exciting once we learn who Amy really is.I did find some of the novel unbelievable, which is one of the reasons I just can't rate it higher. There are little things here and there that really took me out of the story to say, ""Come on! Really?!"" The pacing is the other issue that I took off a star for. While the middle is really solid, the dragging at the beginning and end really bothered me. And like I said before, neither character is one you really root for, but it is one heck of a ride!
Gone Girl"" by Gillian Flynn is not a bad book.  However, it does not live up to its promise in my opinion.Gillian Flynn sets up what could be an interesting narrative structure - the alternating voices of Nick and Amy Dun.  A married couple, Amy, a ""trust-fund kid"" raised by her doting parents in New York, disappears on their fifth wedding anniversary.  Nick, an out-of-work writer forced to buy a bar in order to make ends meet, becomes the police's prime suspect. You know Nick is not a ""straight shooter."" He has a pre-paid cell going off all through the early days of the investigation, which he ignores.  And she comes across as the perfectly ""Amazing Amy.""Going further would be delving into spoiler land. So I'll stop.But the structure is not enough to hold you. Unfortunately, Flynn relies heavily on sterotypes to populate the novel.  Here are a few: A TV crime reporter who spouts off, convicting people on cable;  A high priced lawyer name Tanner Bolt, who specializes in getting high-profile clients off gets involved; The empathetic ""real"" reporter; The ugly, competent female who is  in Nick's corner from the get-go; A couple of oblivious, self-absorbed Boomer parents.And every stock character behaves exactly as you think they will. Even, unfortunately, the main characters. In fact, I found no character with any believable depth.Of course, this is a mystery thriller, and I give genre writers a bit of lee-way. In mysteries, I love cleaver plot-twists. However, I had the major ""twists"" figured out about fifty pages in...  [no spoilers, so I deleted the text here]. So even the suspense was pedestrian.Criticisms aside, though, Flynn is a very clear writer. Even though I had the twists figured out early on, and found the characters cartoonish, her narrative pulse led me on. And likely why the book has been a chart-topper for so long. Moreover, I really enjoy mystery/ suspense, and turn to it because I love watching people get their just deserts. However, when a sociopath meets a weak-willed narcissist...I'd say more, but no spoilers makes me stay my tongue.
I had high expectations for 'Gone Girl' because of the the positive reviews I heard from others.  I was bored in the beginning of the book, and then I became more interested, but then the ending let me down.
Not a book I would particularly recommend.
This was a pretty good story with a twist.
Good page turner but disappointing ending.
I did not care for the way it was written.
Good story line but a bit plodding for me.
It dragged on a bit, but overall good read
Liked the mystery but not much the ending.
A page turner but it went a little too far
not as good as the book,but that's normal.
pretty good but i did not like the ending.
Well written except for the too abrupt end
takes off, goes nowhere and doesn't end!!!
The psyche is a little too twisted for me.
there is no ending, otherwise a good read.
not a bad story  i used to know this broad
Enjoyed it but didn't care for the ending.
The book was great but I hated the ending!
Very slow beginning, disappointing ending.
A big read that is anything but uplifting.
Hated the ending but good book until then.
The movie has to be an improvement........
Good read until the end.  Terrible ending.
Good kept you reading but hated the ending
Interesting story, but I hated the ending.
Really?  The book ends with no resolution!
Okay.  Very far-fetched but it is fiction!
It's too long to remember to give a review
A very slow read and you wonder why at chapter 6 that they still haven't figured it out.  A plausible ending, though you wished it would have happened sooner with a crash at the end for the main character.
I bought this as a gift so I can tell you
A little long.  The ending was not clear.
Good book but really disliked the ending.
Jumped aroun a lot, I found it confusing.
Not a good book from a man's perspective.
Good book. Was disappointed with the end.
A bit confusing but in an interesting way
Too frustrating.  Didn't finish the book.
It was very slow.  Somewhat unreasonable.
Its okay....a bit overrated and overdone.
Got tired of the whining and materialism.
slow and by the end I just wanted it over
Too drawn out and didn't like the ending.
Good exciting read. Slightly fantastical.
I could have written three better endings
It was OK.  Wasn't happy with the ending.
Enjoyed the experience yet expected more.
Its okay definately not the best I've read. Story line is okay not sure about the writing style though. Thats all.
Really slow start and predictable ending
Slow at first but got better..good read!
A turn pager and psychological thriller.
Meh. Good book but the ending was AWFUL.
An ""okay"" read.  Anti-climactic.
Left me feeling disappointed. Not a fan.
Well written.  Very dark.  Not my style.
didn't like the back and forth dialogues
Good story but didn""t like the end!!
Pretty good once it finally gets started
Good read...but the end left me hanging!
I hated the ending other wise good book.
Well written but long and slow at times.
Did not like the ending.  Disappointing.
Depressing story - but hard to out down.
Started out good but went down hill fast
Good fast read but weird and depressing.
After all the recommendations, I was very disappointed in the book, especially the ending.  The story became very stale after a while.  When I finished, I thought ""why did I read this?
Think i am one of the few, thought this was just ok.  I'm not a fan of books that go back and forth in time written from 2 different people's perspective.  Ending left something to be desired.
Great writing, good story, weak ending.
Suspenseful to the end. Very good read.
Not engaging. Stopped about 1/3 way in.
It starts fine, then gets very complex,
It was okay but not as good as the hype
Long winded, boring and predictable....
Hard to get into but overall good read!
Liked the book, didn't like the ending.
Great book, but did not LOVE the ending
Kinda far fetched but kept my interest.
GREAT UNTIL THE END . . . STUPID ENDING
good story but not equal to all the hyp
A great read with many twists and turns
Disappointing hope the movie is better.
Just didn't hold my interest that much.
This book started off strong but wasn't able to pull it all together in the end. I had a hard time buying into the plausibility of events and the main characters are completely unlikable.
Disappointing ending - a real let down
Did not like. Never finished the book.
Predictable plot and unsatisfying end.
Good book but did not like the ending.
was really good. better than the movie
It was interesting, Kept you guessing.
Having trouble getting through this bk
watched movie first, book moved slowly
Slow start but gets  better at the end
Very slow start and a disapointing end
Lots of flashbacks.  Some good twists.
Boring! This guy needs to get a spine!
I shouldn't have seen the movie first!
Very nice composition. A bit too long.
Good story but way too long and wordy.
I liked the book but hated the ending.
Great book til the end:( disappointed.
Good overall. Did not like the ending.
The book is ok but at times contrived.
It's okay but I won't go see the movie
It is difficult to write a review of this book and not give too much away as it truely is an exciting read. I really liked the way that this book was written from two different points of view, alternating back and forth from the husband (Nick) and wife (Amy), who have marital issues amongst other personality issues. The author hits the nail on the head with so many of these normal, everyday marital problems and is able to put them into words, which I thought was funny in itself. The author clearly did a lot of research and is very talented and just when I thought that this book was going to be fairly predictible, about half way through, I was sucked in and in for a wild ride. This was a very creative story with lots of twists that are very unique, especially the scavenger hunt that Amy sends Nick on every year as well as how Amy thinks of everything to hide her tracks and her positive pregnancy test. The author did an outstanding job creating Amy's character and whatever psychological diagnosis in the DSM IV manual that she has. It was very creative, well written and mind stimulating. I was, however,very disappointed with the ending. It was not congruent with the story and I was hoping for one last twist to seal the deal, since there were so many shocking surprises throughout the meat of the story. The end was a let down (pretty much all of part III), but this story is worth reading for the creative storyline. I could see this becoming a movie at some point. This story will frighten men in the way that Fatal Attraction did back in the 80s.
I""m on page 296 of 415 pages and can't wait for it to end.  It would have been a good book at maybe 300 pages, but it definitely did not need to be 415 pages.  Just my two cents worth.
I enjoyed the read, at first, but the story unspooled to reveal characters who are not believable and .... icky, with am unsatisfying ending that leaves you disliking all involved.
This book is very well written, engaging and absorbing throughout but the end is so anti climatic. I don't want to give anything away so let's just say I was upset with the ending.
Too slow, not worth the time to read.
Ok  disappointed  with ending of book
A little convoluted but entertaining.
every one but me thought it was great
An easy read...average reader fodder.
Good book. I didn't  like the ending.
Too strange.  Just not my cup of tea.
disappointing, especially the ending.
It's was ok. Started out very slow...
An easy read, but I hated the ending!
Very disappointed after all the hype.
Interesting but ending was too weird.
Lost most of the time...hated the end
Just okay, but better than the movie.
I did not care for the ending at all.
Kept u guessing  but hated the ending
Very slow starting but it got better!
Faced with some long flights for work, I decided to load up my Kindle with some entertainment.  Hearing a lot of hype about this book, I went for it.  I had no real expectations going in, and maybe that's why I'm not as willing to bash it as others are.It's entertaining, for sure.  Even by the second and third parts, when I found myself rolling my eyes at the plot line and character development, I still wasn't willing to ditch it.A lot of people rave about the first part being ""oh-so-good"" and then being let down by parts two and three.  I don't know if I agree.  I think even in part one, the author presents completely one-dimensional, flat characters and it's so obvious that something has to change because there's no way you could keep telling a story with such boring, predictable people.Even though I found the characters a little banal, I suppose what kept me going was watching their relationship unfold.  This is where I think the author shines - she does a fantastic job of portraying a realistic, complex relationship in the first part.  Every encounter was at least a little bit relatable - and I think that's what kept me turning the pages.Overall, I'd recommend - but with caution.  Don't go in expecting the next great American novel, and you probably won't be disappointed.  If you're looking for something to eat up a 6-hour flight, and you like stuff that won't make you think too hard, this is probably perfect.
Review by Donn G. Ziebell, Ph.D., Never kicked by a horse nor a mule, and author of the non-fiction Amazon book, ""My Letters to a Prisoner -- I had not met"". Become an insider to the humor and private life of the writer's encounters and adventures home and abroad; a selection from over 100 letters written in six years.I thought I was going to be a goner with the trail of dissatisfaction Amy and Nick had within their marriage. It had more dents than a nice car slammed with a sledgehammer hundreds of times. Good times peaked though at moments but family wealth and good actions could not be maintained. Plus the wife's parents were wealthy authors of a running editions of a children's book series. Their main character in their books was named Amy, was their daughter. Happy little miss nice in the children's books was not mirrored in their flesh and blood daughter Amy.Amy planned an annual love, treasure hunt for Nick as her way to celebrate their anniversary. But Nick was derailed on the day of their 5th anniversary; Amy disappeared. Kidnapped or killed? Here the author's foot hits the accelerator and the story runs very fast, making me wake up at 3:00am to read until I tire and fall back to asleep again. Warped words and actions by both Nick and Amy kept me on the move. My run with my projected guesses were all denied substantiation. Who is becoming irrational, more mad, or extreme, me or the characters in this book? Well won't you be surprised!
probably a good beach read -- it's obviously the Scott Peterson case, . . . with a twist . . . the ending is thought provoking . . . but really not the best written book . . .
holds your attention but very sexual
The movie is not that great either !
I HAD SEEN THE MOVE FIRST. BAD MOVE.
Okay read, just not what I expected.
Disappointing despite all the hoopla
to much detail and very, very  long.
Ending was awful, good up until then
A bit slow to start but gets better.
Not what I expected but read it all.
I liked it but the ending went flat!
Disappointed not my kind of writer..
Very well written. Ending was awful.
mediocre - didn't like Wendy at all.
I loved the story, hated the ending.
Not as good as I thought it would be
Good book easy read, I did enjoy it.
I liked the book all but the ending.
story is ok but it stretches reality
slow start but gets very interesting
I love the story but hate the ending
Rather bizarre story. Well-written and carefully crafted mystery, just didn't like the characters. I read this for a book club and should make for an interesting discussion!
This book was a disappointment.  I really don't know how it ended up on the bestseller's list.  It  was kind of interesting at certain points, but the ending was a bomb!
This book was a disappointment.  I really don't know how it ended up on the bestseller's list.  It  was kind of interesting at certain points, but the ending was a bomb!
Too confusing, Not my kind of book,
Good till the end. Terrible ending!
Not a book I could really get into.
Ok book read but predictable ending
Kinda drawn out, but a decent read.
much better if  F word was left out
Great story...disappointing ending.
Enjoyable and very e n entertaining
The ending left the reader hanging.
Liked the book, hated the ending...
Loved most of it, hated the ending!
Lots of foul language.  Good story.
It did not live up to all the hype.
So why is it  a hit? Not sure. I'm guessing a couple of things. The writing is simple, competent and flowing though nothing special. The story structure and reversals are fairly well paced though I found all the twists at the end a bit on the crammed side.It also acknowledges that people can be duped and find themselves in horrific relationships with crazy evil shape-shifters. Maybe this particular woman was too crazy to be believed but still, its put it out there for dissemination. It does happen. Things are not always what they seem. The commentary on the trial by media, that everyone is manipulating facades, the police are biased and psycho lady taps into a fear in women about abusive men that they all  just run with it.  That resonates with contemporary society I think.I sit somewhere between I don't like it and its okay.  It has its moments. but I found it a bit slow, predictable. Of course Amys' diary is a fake and she is actually a sociopath- so no surprises there. The second half is better but way too long. I rather enjoyed her revelation as a cold hearted schemer and her new trailer trash identity, at least she had some spunk. Her just-couldn't-give-a-ff- what any man thinks. was really quite a release after nice amy.And the ending, oh lordie the ending. I kept turning the page thinking 'oh no not more'. ..more of these crazy people..
Psychological thriller indeed. Gone Girl is full of twists, turns and a curve ball. The book starts off slow until the engine hits the red line.I was riveted to this book, trying to figure what would take place next. The plot was excellent and the characters indescribable - perfect combination to create an amazing thriller.The mind games Gone Girl provided left me exhausted and exhilarated at the same time. I couldn't wait to see how the story would end - which caught me off guard completely.I enjoyed the descriptive writing Ms. Flynn provided - set the pace for the entire read.This book was definitely worth the attention it has received. You wont be able to put this book down, and the twists will have your attention without a doubt.
I was unable to find any redeemable qualities in these charcters. Brilliant writing regardless.I look forward to a screenplay.I hope they make good casting choices.
Very slow and disappointing ending
I was expecting another ending....
Well written but disturbing novel.
I don't know why everyone liked it
It had me till the last chapter???
Well done! It's an excellent read.
slow moving, did not like the plot
This book just did Nothing for me.
Loved the story, hated the ending!
Great story. HORRIBLE ENDING!!!!!!
Well written but a bit far-fetched
Very slow, didn't hold my interest
The end was a real disappointment!
Good but not an original idea.....
This started out as a gripping mystery with twists and turns.  Then it started getting tedious, too unrealistic.  The end was predictable but not well executed.
Great story that I couldn't put down until Igot to the flat ending.  Then I felt duped, and couldn't feel anything about it excepted I wasted some reading time.
It was a great read until the very end. I absolutely hated it. It was very frustrating that it turned out the way that it did. I felt liked I had been cheated.
It was alright. Not a great book.
very disappointed with the ending
The ending could have been better
Reminds me of the TV show Revenge
Bit of any anti climax, not great
Started slow.overall a good read.
And that is generous.Freedom of speech so don't pummel me!!!!The first 25% was like brainstorming in a locked room over overly intelligent tweakers.Then it got better BUT the who done it part became painfully obvious. Did we not see Amazing Amy and her whoa is me twisted as fu@@ mentality? Always be afraid of the brilliant. Nick was smart oblivious he could have never/ would have never put THAT much effort into Amy!An important lesson learned? The grass is never greener. Nick shouldn't have cheated, punishment earned but not the punishment he got. No one deserved that. Ozark Amy and captive Amy. If anyone deserves punishment she does.The worst/best line of the book. Something along the lines of our love is like a beautiful cancer....The ending... I HATE it. I know people were disappointed by it but my feeling runs much stronger than that. Why do I hate it so much? Do you just how many brilliantly guilty people are free and how many less intelligent innocent people are in prison. Th thought of Amy reproducing makes me sick, the way she did it, even sicker. For the kids sake I hope crazy skips a generation. I hope Amy gets what she deserves but she won't. Nick may feel sorry because Amy has to wake up as herself BUT she actually won. I feel pretty bad for him.
This was my least favorite of Gillian Flynn's work.  I did not find it shocking, in fact I found it to be quite predictable.  Gillian did crank up the crazy in a disfunctional marriage a little bit, but overall I was disappointed.  Gillian has a wonderful imagination and a true talent for writing in stream of conciousness form, because of this I still enjoyed reading the book.  Sharp Objects is my favorite and, in my opinion, much better than Gone Girl. Sharp Objects explored some very interesting and not often discussed affilictions of the mind.  The family dynamics and character interactions were far better developed and more deserving of the ""twisted"" summation bestowed most commonly to Gone Girl.  Dark Places was a good read as well.  I agree with most other readers that the revelations of what happened ""that night"" just didn't quite fit.  In hindsight, Gillian set up the conclusion very early on, but it was a disapponiting conclusion similarly to Gone Girl.  Regardless, I have enojyed reading her books.  Gillian has a unique stlye and her characters, though most are not very likeable, are very well developed and very ""real"".  All three books were fantastic, right up until the end.  Although Sharp Objects is the only book that really delivered, I will continue to read Gillian's books and look forward to her next release.
This book is a decent beach read, which is to say, don't expect too much from it. Gillian Flynn has created a fairly clever plot and a cast of characters who are well-defined as far as two-dimensional characters go. I turned the pages willingly and finished the book. The ending was clever too, if you keep in mind that this is fiction.Her failures: she is analogy-challenged. The first three pages contain some of the worst analogies I've read in a while. A woman's head that reminds her of a kernal of corn. Or consider the character who desires to open his wife's skull to see the centipedes (her thoughts) running wildly throughout her wrinkled brain matter. What the hell. Or would you like the vegetable dip that reminds you of semen. Good gawd.At other times, she strains to attract the attention of the reality show audience. How about a brother and sister together pantomiming a scene where the brother slaps his wife's face with his tumescent ""wood-like"" penis. For their fifth anniversary. This is not for me.But...if you can ignore all this tasteless stuff, the plot is satisfying enough and the text reads smoothly. As I said, take it to the beach, get a little dreamy on beach drinks, read it through a foggy lense, then leave it on the chaise lounge when you go back to your room.
The ending was horrible...after all that it was a big let down...took forever to engage you then one you are hooked it just ends with so much resentment...
This book was great! It held my interest and was full of twists and turns! However, I thought the ending was very boring and not what I expected to happen.
did not like the ending-let down
Completely unlikable characters.
Use of the f word on every page!
Good story....strange ending....
Creepy but not really believable
Great book ..can't wait for next
Just wasn't for me.  Kinda slow.
Did not like how the book ended.
Much too long. Still reading it.
A great read, can't put it down!
Eh...not as great as I expected.
good but a little self indulgent
Interesting twists in the story.
They're both jerks, aren't they.
I realize this is just a novel written from the author's imagination but it was a little too unrealistic for me.  I really didn't believe the characters.
Gone girl : A NovelWeird ending.  The writing is compelling, but the character is so unusual, it is hard to comprehend someone like that.
The characters are complex, to say the least, but everyone in this book is a narcissist.  Hard to like any of this characters but that was the point.
There are plenty of reviews about Gone Girl, which I found generally very intriguing but with a flat, unbelievable and disappointing ending that left me thinking ""What?"".  So I'll just comment on the production of the audio version.  I found that the actress reading the role of Amy was exceptional.  Her voice was perfect for the character and very nuanced as Amy's character continued to be revealed.  Loved the job she did.  The actor who portrayed Nick was not bad or distracting but I just didn't really see him as Nick.  Maybe it was just the way his character was slowly developed over the first part of the book but I just never warmed to him at all.  Overall, a nice production.  The primary complaint I have is that each disc did not come to a logical endpoint, e.g., some discs ended mid-sentence!  The next disc started with the rest of the dialogue.  I found that very awkward.  I really prefer that audiobook discs stop at the end of a thought or even chapter, when possible.  Similarly, the next disc should repeat the last sentence of the prior disc to ensure a feeling of continuity.  This one did not.  However, if you like audio books, there is no substantive reason not to get the CD version of Gone Girl.  It moves quickly and has excellent sound quality.
Maybe I expected too much because of all the hype, I didn't hate it but felt that it could have been more. The writing was good, it kept my attention even though looking back on it, there really wasn't much action. All of the characters were whiny, irritating people with no redeeming qualities. I usually give up on books with no characters I like but I did finish this which I guess says something. I would say about the middle third of the book was suspenseful but it took a long time to get started and kind of fizzled out at the end. Many reviews I've read talk about how realistic the characters and relationships are, all I can say is if the people in my life were like these I would be ""gone"" too.
good book, disappointing ending
Good but not as good as reviews
Good read, but veey unrealistic
Not what I expected. Okay read.
Good book but hated the ending.
Just didn't enjoy it that much.
I don't like unresolved endings
It is a very interesting story.
Didn't like the ending at all !
I am not finish the book as yet
Did not the way the book ended.
Only because the ending sucked!
Good reading, hated the inning!
hard to get into--still reading
crazy. But we humans are crazy.
Could have had a better ending.
I liked the book but was disappointed with the ending. I wanted the husband to ""win"" and have the crazy woman arrested. Very disappointing!
I would not past this book on  I guess I'm not into mysteries  it took me  a bit to get into the book and than  I could not wait for it to be over
There is nothing I can add that anybody else hasn't said already. The end feels as if the writer was tired of writing and decided to butcher it...
Slow starting but end was good
Still reading it but it's good
just ok....gave it away.......
Good book - terrible ending :)
A fine book made into a movie.
A little to weird for my taste
Didn't like the way it ended!!
Not the worst, not my favorite
Fun read.  Ending too loose. .
Did not like the ending at all
The ending was unsatisfactory.
I thought this was a wonderful read with the plot twisting and turning until the end at which time I thought,  I could write a better ending.
Love the narrative construct of bouncing between Amy and Nick but somehow the ending was unsatisfying and left me incomplete with the story.
I purchased this book after seeing it on the best seller list for weeks. I was disappointed in the story but have friends who have loved it!
I enjoyed the book all the way through until the end. It left me speechless and empty. I don't get what all the brouhaha is over this book!
Lots of flowerery detail as writers are taught in writing classes. I like more direct writing. As I read it got better. It is worth readin.
haven't finished the book yet
Dragged on a bit at the start
Disappointed with the ending.
It's not a page turner for me
ending was very disappointing
Ending somewhat of a letdown.
Sometimes very hard to follow
It was okay but disappointed.
It was OK...but a sick story.
The ending was disappointment
The ending wrecked it for me.
It was fine vacation reading.
Good but very strange ending.
Did not care for the content.
Did not care for how it ended
Disappointed with the ending!
Good book with a weak ending.
As others have indicated, the ending is bad...really bad. I enjoyed the flow, but wished it ended sooner with realism and reader delight.
Interesting read, but it just ends. I hate that!  Great premise, but somehow disjointed.Would have loved a wrap-up chapter..
It was an odd book with lots of twists which really held your attention. I got tired of reading the f word multiple times on each page.
I, who like mysteries and action novels, found this a tedious story, not my style.  At least the surprise ending was good. Enough said.
Before and while reading the book, I figured that it must be a phenomenal book because of all the hype.After reading the book, I can't figure out why it got so much hype. I'm glad I borrowed a Kindle copy from the library rather than paying for the book.Where Gone Girl gets it right:- The Mystery building and plot twists that take place in the first half of the book.- The use of asynchronous gut-punching narratives by the main characters, which allows the author to deliver unexpected twists at any turn of the page. I've never read a book that used a mechanism like this, and I really enjoyed it.- I thought the story in the first 3/4 of the book was very good. I was turning those pages like crazy.Where Gone Girl gets it wrong:- When I got to the last quarter of the book, I wished that I hadn't read the book at all. It felt like the story was wasted, a climax didn't happen, and the reader was duped.- I take issue with the author's choice to include a particular action taken by a main character towards the end of the book. It's a rape culture stereotype that doesn't need persisting.
I did read the book to the end but it wasn't one that grabbed me as it seems to have done to so many of my friends. It was just okay.
...and then went downhill. I loved the first section; it gathered me in and I stayed up much later than usual reading it. When the second section began, I thought, well, ok, here's a twist, interesting...but I found myself not liking the characters and not as interested as I was. When the ending came, I felt I'd been cheated, and, like many of the other reviewers, I really disliked the characters I started out liking so well.  So is this masterful writing, or, as many reviewers have said, a reflection of the author's inability to craft a good ending to the book? I haven't decided. After a day or so to reflect, I'm glad I read the book and did find it entertaining...but the ending was very anti-climatic and spoiled my memories of loving the book in the beginning.  It's been a long time since I've been so ambivalent about a book. Upon reflection, maybe that's what the author was aiming for, because I'm certainly spending more time reflecting on it than I would any other book I rated 3 stars. My recommendation is to give it a read and see for yourself. I'm sure you have (as I have) wasted more time on worse reads!
The f word is way over used!
An ok book. Not my favorite/
The ending was unsatisfying!
Crazy ending.  Crazy people.
I was a little disappointed.
Thrilling... but far fetched
Book was a little too boring
I was a little disappointed.
ok read  somewhat depressing
A good holiday read ,no more
Wasn't as good as I expected
Its ok kinda boring at first
Great book, terrible ending.
Disappointed with the ending
Great book, HORRIBLE ending.
A quick, unexpected ride....
Great book kept you guessing
The print is extremely small
Ok read. Kind of slow going.
Quite readable and gripping.
Great book. Terrible ending!
slow, didn't like the ending
Way too wordy, often repeating sentences  It could have been shortened by 100 pages!!!  I didn't like either of the main characters.
I bought this book because of the reviews and the high rating in People Magazine. I will think twice before letting my opinion be swayed this way again. The story started out so slow and it took me almost to the middle of the book to get involved. Once I did, it was easier reading. The problem, however, was that I didn't care for either of the two main characters. When the reader has no emotional investment in the characters, there is no passion on the reader's part to root for anyone. Both the husband and the wife were not likable people, (but then, the author wanted you to not like them, I'm sure). It is not my favorite way of navigating through a story though, as I want to be invested in the characters and actually care about what happens to them -- that is what drives and motivates a reader to keep reading! I could not have cared less about the characters, what would happen or how it would end. Also, why does the author find it so important to put in so much smut language? That is not intelligent writing and it surely isn't an intelligent book. This goes to the library, not to be saved by me.
It kept me engaged. It was a bit contrived at the end. Interesting spiderweb of lies and deceit. Some unexplained entanglements.
I had a hard time getting into it but then I couldn't put it down.  Thought the ending would've been different than I expected.
Very slow reading, still trying to get through it. A friend recommended it. Still waiting for the book to get ""better"".
Didn't care for the ending.
Did not care for the ending
Took a while to get started
Not a big fan of the ending
Just ok.  Definitely creepy
...I just hated the ending!
Not my type of book but ok.
Mystery was not convincing.
Didn't care for the ending.
didn't live up to the hype!
I wasn't impressed with it.
Like movie better this time
I don't recommend Gone Girl
Starts well finishes poorly
Really disliked the ending.
to long to get to the story
First of all, I probably wouldn't have picked up this book and read it on my own. It was assigned as a book club book for my book club so I bought it for my kindle and started reading. I would have to say, if I hadn't know I'd have to talk about it I probably would have stopped reading halfway through the first 'book'. I found the entire first section of this book hard to get into and kind of dull after a while, and I must say I could see where the book was going halfway through that section (although I definitely didn't know the motives behind it). The second book picks things up and I began to enjoy the book a little more (still just not my type of book), and the 3rd book definitely piqued my interest. However, after spending forever reading this (it's not a short book and I am a fast reader) I felt highly disappointed in the ending. I do understand the authors reasoning for it, but it leaves the reader feeling disappointed and kind of dejected by the whole book. I will never read it again for sure, but if you a fan of thrillers then go for it you may enjoy it more than me.
I liked it. However I found the two main characters unlikeable. Liked the surprise ending. Something Woody Allen could admire.
The story was very unique and a little creepy but enjoyable. I wonder if people have actually been in these positions before.
I love Gillian Flynn's work. She is a remarkable writer, and her first two novels were an absolute joy for me to read. Her protagonists were strong, weak, flawed and overall some of the most multi-faceted women I've had the pleasure of reading.  That being said I think I might hate Gone Girl. I'm not sure. Her writing is desriptive, fluid, engrossing and her characters are mutli-dimensional and flawed, but I really felt that the end was just abrupt with no real closure for anyone (the characters or the reader).  I don't want to spoil anything so I'll save the details for you to discover with the exception that most everyone in this book are terrible people.Her other novels eventually have you cheering the main character on, but this time around..well not so much.  So I guess the writing is brilliant but the story was flat for me... it's a very subjective. Most people seem to have loved it, but I thought it was the poorest of her 3 novels-certainly not the one I would have chosen to turn into a film. (Sharp Objects would have had that honor in a heartbeat).
I loved 90% of it, but I HATED the ending. It was just unfortunate to get that invested in a book and have it end so poorly.
The ending was .....ugh!!!
The ending was not good...
Interesting and different!
I did not like the ending.
It seem to drag in places.
Wasn't a fan of the ending
I didn't care much for it.
Not great but an easy read
I did not like the ending.
WAS NOT MY TYPE OF READING
The ending was ridiculous.
Well written but very DARK
I did not like the ending.
the movie was okay as well
Didn't like the ending....
Wasn't crazy about ending.
I hated the ending.  It was very disappointing.  It did keep the readers interest. Can't understand why it was so popular
It took 40% on the kindle for me to actually get into the story which to me is a lot of reading before enjoying a book. I did not mind it going back/forth between the two characters telling their side as I find that to be a good technique. Up to that point I did not think the story/book was well written. I felt the book was going nowhere and found it boring. I found that I wanted to begin skimming through the pages. I like to finish books but every once in awhile I give up. I like the storyline to be gripping from the getgo and this book did not do that for me. I almost caved in....but someone said to keep going that it was 'very' good and I did just that. This book received a lot of hype and I was one of those that did not find the book that great. Movies of this nature are called 'Black Comedy.'  If anyone has seen the old movie 'War of Roses'.... this book is very simmilar. One suggestion that I would make is to read a sample of this book online or on your kindle. If you like what you have read....then go for it.
Engaging in parts, this novel functions at numerous levels: battle-of-the-sexes x-ray, social satire, and mystery are the most salient.  Yet each level comes up a little short.  The relationship insights are possibly the best, yet they can't carry the weight of a plot that strains belief.  The social satire, well, yeah we know that cable TV ""news"" is informational empty calories and many folks act silly in the glare of reflected glory.  As for the mystery, it's just OK (although I do admit that I was charmed by the violation of mystery rule 1: justice shall be served) The novel is to be admired for its ambition, but I was a bit put off by the female character, finding her a novelistic equivalent of Glenn Cose's character in ""Basic Instinct"".  That is, a psychopath on auto-pilot.For better treatments of some of the themes of this book, allow me to recommend Michael Blumlein's XY (which could shed some light on the ending which so many here have found unsatisfactory)and Michael Tolkin's ""Among the Dead"".
The characters were despicable and I did not want to get into their heads.  That being said, it did hold my attention.
It was well written and interesting, but I don't enjoy reading words that I choose not to use in my own conversations.
for all the hype, this was a disappointing read.  Although I was curious about the outcome, it was not worth my time.
I liked the book up very much until the last page. The ending was very disappointing. I expected something different.
This story is initially a page turner, but once you ""get"" the zinger, it drags on. Not sure I'd recommend it.
Confusing, hard to follow
Unnecessary foul language
Not worth all of the fuss
Disappointing conclusion.
A little too predictable.
This was one crazy novel.
Disappointed with ending.
Not one likable character
I wouldn't read it again.
Did not like the ending!!
Not really my cup of tea.
Disappointed with ending.
Loved it until the end !!
First off, I think Flynn is fantastic in this genre.  The first half of this book was terrific and it hooks you deep and hard so you cant put it down.  Unfortunately, the second half becomes tedious with an ending that culminates into a fizzle.  Oh what could have been.I completely understand the characters and they certainly deserve each other, but give the reader some satisfaction.  Use a rogue meteor or a bus that runs a stop light that takes out what end up being two of the most annoying characters of any book I have read in quite some time.  Flynn had so many directions she could have taken at the pinnacle of this book, but instead she took a path that beat a drum that made me completely annoyed with the two main characters.  I just hope I can go a few months without a reference to the ""Amazing Amy.""  I still consider myself a fan of Flynn's and I will give her a pass on this one in the hopes that she rebounds from it because she certainly knows how to peak a readers interest.
Disappointing. After all the hype, I was not cued into this book. The back and forth chapters, one character/viewpoint to the other was distracting. Neither character garnered any loyalty or sympathy. Unsatisfying and depressing ending. No one is that smart to have done everything this woman did to make her husband her slave. Somehow reading about two totally dysfunctional people brought no ""escapist"" feelings that you usually get when you read a good book. It was like watching an episode of Jerry Springer unfold in the pages. Not a fan.
The story held my interest and if it wasn't for the disappointing ending,  I'd have given this book a higher rating.
RECOMMENDED BY A COUPLE OF FRIENDS.  WRITING AND STORY CAPTURED ME BUT AS I GOT TO KNOW THE CHARACTERS I HATED THEM.
Ok - I'm just going to say it....I'm disappointed.  I saw most of the book's ""twists"" coming well before they got there, and the most disappointing twist of all (the ONE that I didn't see) was the ending.  Seriously?  The only decent ending that could've (SHOULD HAVE) happened would have at least made the book worth reading...but it didn't and so it wasn't.  I really don't understand all of the hype surrounding this story.  Hard to put down?  I found it hard to continue reading.  The alternating story-telling format is annoying at best, although it did ""work"" for this particular novel.  Bottomline...I was bored and nearly gave up 1/2 way through, but since I'm not a quitter, I kept on reading.  It got a little better towards the end, but then the ending killed it for me.The movie, I heard, is going to have a completely different ending (hopefully the ending that I envisioned), but it has Ben Affleck cast, as Nick Dunne, so I probably won't see it anyways.  Meh.
Definitely a bad ending to a promising story. So much planning on the part of the wife just seems too unbelievable.
Was pretty good until the end. It was like she was in a hurry to finish it. Will share this with my friends though.
Great story, bad ending. You want a little more justice and are left wanting just one more chapter, one last twist.
I'm not sure what keeps this book on the best seller list even being an emotional mind bender. To me, a so-so read
I likes the beginning, very clever way of relating story.  Didn't care for the ending, hoping for a better ending.
Such a great book right up to the very end!!! I could hardly put it down but I'm a girl that needs some closure!
Just not my kind of book
Did not like the ending.
I didn't like the ending
The dumbest ending EVER!
The ending makes me ill.
It was a little strange.
Didn't like the ending..
Hope the movie is better
Good story bad directing
Ok. Dragged on too much.
I just hated the ending!
The ending was a bummer.
idid not like the ending
Kind of slow and boring.
Not as good as expected.
Really annoying ending!!
Beginning was slow going
Not as great as expected
Print is too tiny for me
I didn't like the ending
Book was just ok for me.
An exciting summer read.
I can't believe they are making it into a movie. Started great, but really fizzled and ending was really stilly
I just finished reading this book last night.  It starts off well and has a really great twist in the middle, but the ending is so disappointing.  I was like, ""What?!  That's it?!  You're kidding me!""  This book kept me up way later than I should have been on work nights but I just couldn't put it down.  I told everyone who would listen how great this book was.  I was expecting a really fantastic ending since the author clearly has a knack for suspense.  As I got closer to the end of this book I really got excited trying to guess how the author would end this tragically clever story...and then I actually read the end and was so disappointed.  It felt like the author just wanted to be done with the book so she took the easy way out.  Very blah, and quite ridiculous if you ask me.  Overall, I would still recommend reading this book as it was very suspenseful but don't expect a big climax or twist at the end as I was because you will be disappointed.
A good story,  but had an unusual ending, not a bad or strange one,  just different and very thought provoking
Have not yet finished this book so may add or delete one star. However having read about the author and how she asks her husband to read first ""in case anything hits to close to home"" and knowing she is apparently in her mid to late 40's, I would like to ask if she ever thought of having her mother, in particular, or either of her parents also reveiw this book, as she describes older or very elderly people with such derision. But its just a book many might say including proud parents if they are still alive. And we wonder what ever happend to th best and brightest. Well she wont be one of them. Hope she realizes she wont escape being old and wrinkled if shes lucky enough to be one of those 80 yo women with those rings?? All over her fingers etc., cartoon cariature perhaps. Even movie has been overhyped and only gets any attention because Ben Affleck is in it. After reading its very tepid reviews, think I'll pass on that one!
Well I must say I went online and bought this book because I thoutht it would contain something not explored before.  But the truth is, I figured out very early what was going on.... in the first third of the book.  When my theory was confirmed in the second half of the book, I felt kind of cheated, like, well, this has been done to death already.  That said, the book is very well written and the characters are nothing short of diabolical psychopaths.  I just wish I was a bit more surprised than I actually was.  The end was indeed a disappointment.  As if the author just ran out of steam and had to sum it all up somehow, and I actually lost a great deal of respect for the man, who I was rooting for.  My advice:  Wait till it is available at your local library.  Don't spend the money to get what you think will be a ""big shock"".  It's really not at all.  Most will figure out exactly what is going on early in the book.
These people are crazy.
Didn't like the ending.
Did not like the ending
Twisted and interesting
Yikes! How to hate, eh?
Didn't like the ending.
Really annoying ending.
Did not like the ending
Didn't care for ending.
Didn't like the ending!
Didn't like the ending.
Did not like the ending
didn't hold my interest
good book, better movie
Did not like the ending
Didn't like the ending.
Too long.  Poor ending.
Didn't like the ending.
Many things in the book were for shock value.  The sexual content was unnecessary to the plot of the book.
No real biggie - am half-way through it and not sure I'll finish it. Characters are too wishy washy for me
I can only say that this book was OK. The writing was good, but the story was a little ridiculous. Sorry.
Starts slow... Good middle... Horrible ending. Good book to read on the plane or on a beach or snow day.
The first half of this book is psychologically brilliant: men will learn a lot about straight male psychology from Flynn's male lead, particularly the tie between needing to be liked and engaging in continuous low-grade cruelty. There's lots of good stuff about the sadism of kindly, self-centered parents and about the nation's emotional life  that seems to be led via TV.  Hopefully middle Americans are NOT as completely manipulable by canned emotional pitches as are the ones in this book.  But the last third is written as though that same empty media had taken over Flynn herself.  The lead characters become stereotyped and ridiculous, shedding their previous depth and plausibility  Did Flynn start writing with the Hollywood option that this book later received? Are we really supposed to line up for another turn of the femme fatale screw? What happened? I was so disappointed.
Kind of disappointing.
better than the movie!
Was ok...easy reading!
Not what I expected...
Slow start gets better
don't liked the ending
Ending a disapointent.
Disappointed in ending
Didn't like the format
Didn't like the ending
The ending was so bad!
Good book. Quick read.
Didn't like the ending
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL is a twisted tale about a husband and wife who are so despicable that you almost give up reading halfway through. Although he's a callous jerk throughout the narrative, she starts out obnoxiously naive, and slowly reveals herself to be equally cold. Any time you start to feel the slightest sympathy for these characters, they say something egregious that makes you want to punch them in the face. Why finish the book then? Because Flynn's story is creepy as hell and her prose is morbidly fun. Plus your curiosity will get the best of you and you'll need to know how everything plays out in this mystery. The most disappointing thing however, is that Flynn sets the expectation for an explosive conclusion, without quite delivering on that promise. After all the build up, her ending fizzles and her characters end up overstaying their welcome.
I felt differently about specific sections of the book.  The first half did not hold my attention.  It dragged on a bit too much.  The second half was fabulous, and I anxiously and excitedly waited to hear how Nick would finally pay Amy back!  That's what kept me reading.  However, when I read the last page on my Kindle, and clicked the next page, I found the ""acknowledgements.""  I agree with other reviewers, that I wanted and hoped for more.  It was a very disappointing ending.  The entire book leaves you waiting to find out exactly how Nick becomes free of his murderess wife, and then---nothing---no resolution of ANY kind that satisfies.  My only thought is that there will be a sequel to ""Gone Girl.""  I don't like building up over 400 pages and then being left with no satisfying conclusion.  This made the what could have been a great book just average.
I thought pretty much the entire book was very good....kept me wondering, kept me turning pages, fast paced, etc. But after 415 pg. and reaching the end?  I was very disappointed!  I'm still not even quite sure what it was all about, except perhaps two damaged people.And not sure if anybody else picked up on this and I hate to be picky, but I'm a huge animal lover....Amy's cat is mentioned at the beginning, got out of the house, is sitting on the front step, cat has been declawed and is an inside cat...I have 3 of those. And then? Nothing! The cat was not mentioned again until maybe 200 pg. later, like an afterthought. The whole time, I wondered did the cat run away, if not who was feeding the cat as the house was a crime scene, etc. Probably picky, but I fail to see why said cat was even mentioned at all if the reader wasn't given the info.
The story started slowly, but builds into a great story, well crafted. Then the author jilts the reader by failing to deliver in a ""no way out"" fiction category.  And it quits just when you expect some justice for the culprit and freedom for the victim.When the major character is trapped by the villain in a way from which there seems to be no escape and no way to punish the bad guy, we expect the author to conclude the story in a way that delivers it, satisfies us in some clever conclusion.  Gillian Flynn completely fails to do that and, as another reviewer put it, see seemed to get tired and just quit, and didn't come close to finishing the story.So read it for a good story, but prepared to feel cheated that there is no ending.  It satisfies none of the reader's expectations that we should have him in this genre.  Too bad.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn was one of the most suspenseful novels I've read in a long time.  The plot roped me in from the get-go.  There are enough twists and turns to keep you hooked.  Despite this, I had a hard time getting past the crude language and vulgarity.  It saddened me that such a talented writer would poison her novel to this degree.  I get that some of the characters will use profanity in their language, but the number of f bombs and ""c"" words was a REAL turnoff.  Not to mention the crude sex scenes.  It really bothered me when I saw this novel heralded in our local high school library.  The thought of teenagers reading sex portrayed like this is truly sickening.  I marveled that the author could go on about her husband and son in the acknowledgements yet feel good about writing this book.  I will never read her work again.
Good read, not great.
A hard book to follow
Good book weak ending
Too intense too soon.
disliked how it ended
This book is twisted.
don't like the ending
Ok, wouldn't re-read.
It was to repeatative
Okay - not wonderful.
3 Dimly Fading Stars  I might be in the minority but this story dragged on and on.  The writing was great, the twists were great.  But this should of not been 400 + pages.  The author could have wrapped this up in 250 pages.  There were some good moments that held my interest and then it went flat.  This would of been a DNF but I had to finish it because Im not the type to stop reading once I am half way through the book. And for the love of all books....  Nick's sister's name was ""Margo"" and the repetitive reference of her nickname ""Go""  drove me to the edge of a cliff.  In a nutshell I was totally disappointed as everyone on God's Green Earth raved about how spectacular it was..  Wasn't feeling it.PS I even saw the movie and was really hoping it would of changed my mind.. but that was a big fat NO
Not like I thought it would be....I figured it out from the get go. I wish it had more turns.
While reading this book, I thought it was one of the better books I've read, very clever, etc. Until about the last 50 pages. Really??? You couldn't have come up with a better ending?? I closed the book when I finished and just stared into space, thinking ""What just happened?"" I hadn't read any of her previous books, but was considering doing just that.......until the ending of this book. I wouldn't recommend this book.
I listened to the audio book on my morning runs.  For a week, I couldn't wait to get up and go on my run, just to listen to this book.  It is well-written, descriptive and the characters are fully developed.However, the last third of the book left me feeling 'cheated'.  It felt like the author had written a bunch of scenes that she didn't know how to weave together in the end.  Perhaps, she was trying to reflect the characters who crave to be ironic and are too impressed with themselves.  In the end, I felt like someone who had gone on a great journey and then gotten food poisoning upon arrival.I gave the book three stars because the writing was good and the story was framed well.  I truly did enjoy the story unwinding.  However, I felt cheated as the reader in the end.
What did I just read
Not my favorite book
A bit bloody for me.
disappointing ending
Disappointing to me.
did NOT like ending!
An interesting story
did not like the end
not done with it yet
disappointing ending
Good engaging story.
disappointing ending
DISAPPOINTIG ending.
Disappointing ending
disappointing ending
Good read bad ending
As the title of my review states, the first half is better than the second half.  I was engrossed in the details the author wrote about the evolution of the main characters as a married couple.  Many of the details are so very thought out.  The actual story line of the book on the otherhand was so-so.  I feel like this story has been done many times.  I kept waiting for something new and ""wow"" to enter the scene and nothing ever did.  As many of the other reviewers stated, I was also not too attached to the main characters which wasn't a good thing because I could really care less what happened to them.  The end of the book also was a ""really??"" moment. I kept clicking forward on my Kindle hoping there was more story to actually conclude the book.  All in all this is a so-so read.
i was getting pretty excited about this book.  It had some good twists and turns throughout the first half and then, the twists and turns were too hard to keep up with.  I was really, really excited to see what Nick had planned at the end to get some vindication.  When I got to the end, I just scratched my head.  Really??  I spent all of these hours for this?  I loved the book, hated the ending.
I started ""Gone Girl"" with great hopes.  The initial chapters were compelling.  A unique voice was being heard.  And then it all went so wrong.  How did that happen?  The promise of this novel was profound.  The initial execution of the premise, an explication of a marriage in dissolution via the two involved voices, was brilliant.  Nonetheless, by the time I was into the third section, the voices had become tiresome, the narrative energy wholly dissipated.  I sensed that the author encountered a major block towards the end of the novel.  The open-ended ending, while reminding one of some of the great experimental novels of the 50s and 60s, was possessed with none of the power of those novels.  In ""Gone Girl,"" the world ends with less than a whimper.
not what I expected
It was a good book.
Did not like ending
I enjoyed the book.
Too much profanity.
I hated the ending.
Its a good mystery!
Great till it ended
I hated the ending!
A touch far fetched
Ending was terrible
I HATED the ending.
Kinda disappointed.
kept ones interest.
I was sold very early on while reading this books - it is well written and has plenty of plot.  I loved the different twists and turns that that novel took up until the end.I absolutely hated the ending.  I think the author really could have written a better ending - something along the line of Nicks dad not dying and killing Amy at the end - that would have really made a great ending.I really never got why she brought the dad into the book not to have him mixed up in the plot somehow.  Even saying that I hated the ending, I did enjoy the book and I hope they make it into a movie - this would make a good Hollywood thriller on the sceen - and this would be one time they can change the ending in a book and I wouldn't mind....
I read it all after putting down and picking up again when bored. I liked a few plot ideas like the anniversary hints left around town to mess with his head, etc. What I don't understand and will never agree with is how on earth this book made it to,,, ""amazon book of the month"" def not even worthy of an honorable mention. I do give kudos for taking a shot, and feel this writer has potential though!I enjoyed following Amy's evil/crazy/unpredictable story. I did not like her, or sympathize with her at all, so I just give her credit for every time it looked like check mate. If there was a second book with these 2, I would read it though, just so I could hopefully cheer on whom ever takes Amy on. Inother words,,,keep writing Gillian!
I liked the first half of the book and I liked how it was different points of views as the other half. Man, did I hate his wife! You probably have to read it to know what I mean without spoiling it. The good thing is that this book actually made me have a feeling with a character (hating them, liking them etc) so that was something I usually dont get with other books. Its just ok.
This book almost got tossed into the library donation box, it definitely violates my 50-page rule. There was almost nothing to interest me in the first person narratives of two self-centered hipsters recounting the decay of their marriage... except that their stories were so strikingly dissimilar.After ""the thing"" is revealed, the action does pick up, and (I don't want to admit it) I kept reading straight through to the end in one sitting. It was not a satisfying read, more like looking at a titillating story on a gossip web site - a feeling which was strongly reinforced by the lackluster ending.Snark Alert! I'm hoping the screenwriters will do a Grisham on it and come up with a better ending for the movie.
This book reads easily from two different standpoints, and then around midway, switches the perspective.  I couldn't put it down, but I just wanted to be done with it.  It wasn't as gripping as I had hoped it would be.  At first seemingly predictable, then it wasn't what you thought and became predictable in another sort of way.  Really didn't take off until about the 2/3rd mark and then I was anxious for the just desserts to happen.  And then, it didn't.  And I was really ANGRY at the end.  I was left wanting more of a wrap up, more satisfying.  I have rarely felt as unsatisfied and irritated as I was with the ending of this book.  Sure evoked emotion, so the author succeeded in that respect.  Still really, really irritated.
so first thought after finishing it, was 'why is the title Gone Girl?' so I get the obvious reference, but with a short title like that, I think of similar ones like ""Girl, Interrupted"" < which is a totally different kind of drama.. I didn't feel like either character would say 'Gone Girl.' What about ""Just One Olive,"" lol... or one of their inside jokes... ""Dancing Monkeys,"" or ""Being Amy."" Anyways, I thought it was well written, their two voices, but the whole story felt like I might see this on the Lifetime Movie Network, with Dean Cain....no wait Paul Walker as Nick, and....Kate Hudson/ Reese Witherspoon <- they could do cool girl, then crazy lady :) So that sounds more A-List, maybe she'll get a movie deal after all :)
Just finished in time for the movie. Maybe I watch too many crime/mystery shows, but I knew what happened to Amy after reading the description of the ""crime"" scene. Obvious clue there. So I kept reading to prove I was right. My husband and daughter had finished the book and had to look away when I expressed my theory. Yes, I was right. However I didn't know how twisted Amy was. They story is interesting and intriguing, but you can foretell what will happen as soon as a new plotline is introduced. Not many surprises for me. The ending----HORRIBLE!!! Felt like a cop out to me. Do hope they changed the ending for the movie. Makes me think we haven't read the last of these two. Ms. Flynn, when can we expect the sequel.
Hard to get in to.
won't recommend it
it was predictable
Not exactly great.
Weird and graphic.
The ending stinks.
Drags out too long
Never finished it!
It was too gloomy!
Too tricky for me.
It was a good read
Ending not so good
Too much narration
Clever, easy read.
I got the book thinking that it was going to be pretty good. It reminded me a bit of the whole Scott Peterson thing (the guy who killed his wife, but made it seem as if she'd gone missing). I'll admit, it started pretty well. The characters were interesting enough to keep your attention, and the locations were also enough to captivate. Even if the back and forth points of view got a bit annoying, well, at least they didn't do it in the middle of a section. The author had me interested for most of the book. What disappointed me was the ending, which comes across as pretty unresolved. I'm not one suggesting all books have to have a happy ending, but one where the male lead stays in character would be nice.
Every once in a while, I enjoy reading a good ""Who done it.""  I was captured after reading a few pages of ""Gone Girl: A Novel"".  The chapter style of the book proves once again how important ""the point of view"" plays into deciding on guilt or innocence.  Of course, the role reversal mid way of the book adds completely different ""points of view"" which really adds to the depth of the book.  Did the ""amazing Amy"" commit the perfect crime? If you are a fan of CSI then you will probably find the police investigation immature.  The ending of the book is another reason I did not give this book a higher rating.  Not that the ending did not fit the story, I was just left feeling like I wanted to see justice.
This was one of those books that I couldn't put down. I couldn't wait to read each subsequent page to see where the story took me. I was so excited when my kindle showed me at 95% complete because this meant Nick was closer to exacting his much deserved revenge. And then kablooie, the ridiculous, anti-climactic ending. If I wanted to immerse myself in a storyline that ends in this manner, I would waste my time watching reality television where the ""characters"" thrive on self-absorbed drama. I will never waste my time reading another book by this author. She apparently enjoys wasting the reader's time and I have no desire to read material that leaves me feeling duped and quite frankly, pissed off.
First let me start with an apology because this isn't really a review for Girl Gone and more properly belongs on a discussion blog, but the Amazon reader-reviewers are far more thoughtful and articulate than the bloggers on the board I just visited.Flynn's first book, Sharp Objects, is a favorite of mine, so I looked forward to the release of Girl Gone. Then the literary reviews started coming across my desk and almost every one of them raved about Girl Gone and what a great summer read it is. And if the reviews on Amazon are to be believed, about 3/4 of you, the reader-reviewers here, find it a terrific summer read too.So, I forked over the $13 Kindle dollars and discovered that this is not a $13 dollar read. At least not yet, or maybe it's not for me. I'm over 30% through Girl Gone and the book has  stalled. I've moved on to Oliver Potzsch's The Dark Monk, and Christopher Moore's Sacre Bleu. But I really want a reason to go back to Girl Gone and finish it.Therefore, I'm looking for that %-mark where the story starts to pick up and carry me to the end. At what point does this book really become a thriller and not just a well-written exercise in he/she POV? Flynn's characters are beautifully drawn, I know what they should look like, and appreciate the candor of their conversation, but I just don't like anyone enough to want to continue reading.Sincerely, at what point does the novel get better?Thank you in advance for any comments. And to those of you that are offended by this discussion review rather than end-of-book review, I am sorry.
I would recommend this book--especially for it's wide-open, factual dealings with: split homes, absent parent, depression of parents, different perspective of older and younger generations...but most importantly sexual abuse.  It also hits on how root events evidence themselves in unhealthy coping mechanisms--turning to food, allowing peers to demean you, etc.Author does the best job, hands down, of male capturing female thoughts for the most part...and as a whole, it packs a powerful punch.  I just personally got lost in some of the long ""rabbit"" trails, but appreciate the perspectives.  Reflection is key to this book and the longer I have to reflect, the more I get it.
Interestingly, many of the books I've purchased since owning a Kindle either switch between characters chapter-to-chapter or between the Past and Present. I've very much come to enjoy this format. Talk about two needy souls - but to a sick Nth degree. I found the storyline fascinating in that I was driven to find out exactly what the hell happened. Slowly but surely you realize you are dealing with two VERY dysfunctional minds. Early on I was reminded of War of the Roses. As shocked as I was at that movie's ending, I was even more shocked at this story's conclusion - mortified would be a better word to use because it means there will be another one of 'them' being part of the world.
Gone Girl was literally a novel that I could not put down.  Flynn's storytelling is spectacular.  Nick Dunne is the the hometown golden boy who has returned home to care for his ailing parents and is the number one suspect in his wife's disappearance.  Amy Dunne is his uprooted wife who was dragged from her beloved New York City to Missouri and has gone missing. Each chapter alternates from the point of view of the husband to the point of view of the wife (going back in time to when they first met and eventually getting to the present).  This thriller is unlike any I have ever read and I loved everything about it up to the ending.  As amazing as the book was, I detested the ending.
Book was great in the beginning.  I especially liked the way the author used two narrators:  husband writes in the present, while we hear the wife's side of the story from her diary entries.  Husband and wife are married 5 years and their marriage is on the rocks.  On their fifth anniversary, wife disappears.  Of course, everyone thinks hubby did it.  The story unfolds from the two narrators.As the story unwinds, I kept going back and forth between believing husband was innocent and then thinking he was guilty as sin.  She had a great plot going until the end.  Absolutely hated the ending:  It almost seemed like the author was just tired of writing and stopped.
Hated the ending!
Enjoyed the read.
Gripping thriller
I needed justice.
not finished yet.
The ending sucked
Hated the ending.
It was alright...
Hated the ending!
Can't get into it
Hated the ending.
NOT A GOOD ENDING
Hated the ending!
Hated the ending.
I've read better.
Hated the ending!
Hated the ending.
Hated the ending.
After reading reviews in People Magazine and our local newspaper, I purchased and read this book.  Initially I found it a bit confusing with the jumping back and forth each chapter.  It wasn't until about half way through the book that things began to start taking shape for me - at that point I really began enjoying it.  I simply read for pleasure, so normally if my interest is not peaked right away, I don't continue reading - I'm glad I gave this book a bit longer chance. I still only gave it an average rating as I did find it quite predictable.  It is amazing to me the amount of deception and manipulation that can occur in a relationship and I find that sad.
This book starts out pretty slow. Nothing really excited me. I know the author had to set up the characters but at the same time i wish that part could of been shorter. It finally picks up, and picks up fast by the middle. I couldn't put it down! So many crazy things come to light, and fairly quickly. Up until the last page I was on the edge of my seat. Then it just ended. WHAT!? I wanted more, it cant just be over. Im trying not to give any details, so sorry if its vague. The slow beginning and defiantly the ending made this book an ""ok"" for me. Otherwise the middle/last couple pages is amazing. Defiantly a twister, read if you love those books!
As you progress thru the beginning of the book, the reader wonders where the plot will bring you because there seems to be something missing, something off. However, later in the book as the plot thickens, I became more interested. However, I was left with little feeling for the husband and less for the wife.  At least the husband should have been a more sympathetic character.I think the characters were not fully developed and I felt that I was reading "" a movie of the week"".  The ending was supposed to show a psychological twist, but instead I was left extremely disappointed in the characters and with the book as a whole.
This is actually the first book review I have written, but I wanted to express my feelings about this book.This book is interesting - I was fascinated and wanted to see how it ended.  I read it qiuckly over a few day period.  That being said, whoa, the story is so bizarre in so many ways.  The ending was also completely unsatisfying.  There was a few loose ends the author could have used to tie up the ending in a very satisfying way, but she just didn't.  I am baffled by the ending she chose - truly baffled.I will not recommend this book to friends.  It was just too strange and frankly, kind of depressing.
enjoyed the book
Hated the ending
Ending was lame.
Not the best end
Not movie worthy
Hated the ending
A little strange
Hated the ending
Shitty ending...
Hated the ending
Interesting end.
Hated the ending
Terrible ending.
kept my interest
Given the literary kudos accorded Gone Girl I think my expectations were beyond the books intention and the writer's capability.  Although the story is, initially, riveting, by the last third I found it predictable and manipulative (not in a good way).  Not too far into it you begin to understand that it was (intentionally?) written to be escapist entertainment.  Don't look for characters that make sense (or likable characters for that matter).  And don't look for exquisite writing.  Keep your expectations low.  Enjoy it for what it is, a sugar-high.  When it's over you crash and feel slightly guilty for having consumed it.
Librarything kept recommending this book to me.  I put myself on the lengthy waiting list at the library and rejoiced when it turned up.  It is a well-written, fast-paced page turner, but I didn't like any of the characters much. I caught on to twists quickly and I found the ending completely unbelievable. I think I would have enjoyed this book more if I was younger and a bit more gullible. Kate Atkinson, who is one of my favorite authors, wrote a very positive blurb for the back cover. I love her writing, but disagree with her review of Gone Girl.  If you are under 30 and want a fast, suspenseful read- go for it.
Enough has been written about this book, but I will make a few observations.  Starts mysteriously, disappearance of wife, husband a suspect who is having an affair.  I enjoyed the book, but I didn't rush home from work each night to finish reading it.  It was hard to really care about any of the characters.  But it has enough interesting twists and turns that I wanted to finish it and find out what happened.  Unusal ending.  If I had it to do over again, I would have taken this book on my beach vacation, and finished it in a day or two.  Not anything to think about after you were done, but a good summer read.
Although the author has received accolades from Pulitzer Prize judges, I was not pleased with the book.  The format was unusual and most interesting even though the story line implausible, especially at the end.  I was put off by the unnecessarily coarse language.  The story could have progressed just as well without the constant barrage of foul words. It was implausible at the end when the woman admitted committing  a murder to the police, but was never put in jail or tried by a jury to prove her innocence by self-defense.  At the finale, the reader was left with the uneasy feeling of ""who's next?
The book was very well written, with a lot of twists and turns, keeping you on your toes throughout. I was, however, very disappointed in the ending. Out of all the endings I could have imagined for the book, the way it ended wasnt one of them, and left me feeling that  I would have liked to rewrite it to something that made more sense and was more worthy of the lead up. I hate reading a good book, only to get to the end and have it end flat. If this is how this author thinks a good book should end, I hesitate to purchase any more of their books for fear the others will disappoint too, in the end.
Many of the reviews & the books jacket flap will tell the essence of the story, so I'm not going there.  The quality of the writing is very high, which is one of the reasons I kept going.  As had been said, neither of the main characters are very admirable and I found them unreliable.  So you have two narrators who aren't telling the real story.  Half way through I guessed what was happening with the wife and was right, but was not prepared for the ending.  And found the ending extremely unsatisfying.  I want to read more by this author, but loose, frayed ends won't work for me on a regular basis.
With 1600+ reviews... I just wanted to note... that this book had me hooked up until the last 20%... and then it became drawn out with no clear end in site.What I loved about this book was that it was written as a GENERATION X'er... and the trial, and tribulations of our generation (dotcom bust, housing bust, unemployment, burst of the US dreams).  This was refreshing to me, albeit a wee-bit cynical.  The turns and twists in this novel are great, the planning and forethough.. and look into each others minds.I listened to the audio version of this book which was very good.
Just an ok read
Did not like it
Messed up movie
it was jest ok.
I became bored.
I feel cheated.
Didn't like it.
It was just ok.
Didn't read yet
Terrible ending
I was completely enthralled with this writer's prose and story-telling ability. Her descriptions are vivid and the interplay in the points of view are tricky but work to keep the reader engaged. The slow development of both characters' defects is suspenseful and kept me turning pages. However, I must agree with the other reviewers here about the ending. I am not sure how else it could have ended, but she created the story and the reader deserves better. I think it was almost a copout and after-thought. I don't know how they will ever make a good movie of this, but hey good luck.
Great story. The author gets you hooked on the characters, and it's an easy thrilling read. However, that all gets robbed from you at the end. You feel as though Flynn couldn't think of a decent ending so she did the next best thing. Reminds me of the last episode of the Sopranos. Blah.
This is a very creative story, but I found the writing style tedious. Back and forth and back and forth from one viewpoint to another does not keep the focus on the storyline. I found this book easy to put down.I don't think this is a ""spoiler"" but I found that I did not really like most of the characters in the book so it was hard to care what happened to them. However I did finally finish the book because I wanted to know how it would end. But the ending was unsatisfying.I'll bet in this case the movie is better than the book.
The book is a good-read of course. But I think my expectations were too high after reading the raving reviews. I found the author likes to go over too nitty-gritty details sometimes. In a mystery book, I myself do not like too much of detail for every situation. I felt sometimes those could have been omitted to streamline the book a little.Having said that - the plot is really good. I would recommend my friends too. But this is not a collector's book, I might just advice them to borrow the book from library or from me before going to a vacation.
Like many others, I was really drawn in right from the start and couldn't stop reading. I enjoyed the various incarnations of Amy up until she turned into a sociopath. While the author did a great job with character development, I do not think this book constitutes great writing. Yes, the author was clever, in particular with the treasure hunt, but there were too many cliches and too many twists.Apparently, I'm not alone in disliking the ending. For a thriller, it was drawn out and anti-climatic and left me feeling very unsatisfied.
Disappointed!!
Good easy read
very slow book
Too drawn out!
Cop out ending
The book had good character development and the writing style of the first person for each of the main characters worked well.  But, after a while the twists and turns of the plot really started to stretch.  But I accepted this as the direction the story was going, but it just klept going.  It seemed like the author was at a stopping point several times and then decided to add another chapter or two. After all the different directions the author moved us in, I expected more of a ""payoff"" in the final chapter.  Instead it just stopped!
Wow, this author really gets you to think you know these characters and then pulls the rug right out from under you! The author did a great job with how she told the story, I enjoyed the two perspectives, it keeps you on the edge of your seat. I was really disappointed in the characters though, these people are crazy, or maybe I just don't like getting tricked by the author! I also wasn't happy with the ending, I wish it could have ended differently. Overall, I just don't feel like I can relax because how terrible the ending was, UGH!
I thought this book started out pretty slow and to be honest, kind of boring. But, the third part of the book was really shocking and I found myself not being able to put it down. I guess my advice would be to just stick with it. I will say that it got pretty weird in the end, but interesting none the lease!! I will be interested to read her other two books to see if she uses the same type of psychologically demented suspense she did with Gone Girl. Also heard Reese Witherspoon may be producing the movie version of this... love her.
What started out as an exciting, innovative, well-written piece of work devolved into preposterous, unsatisfying territory.  I read this book twice, once when it first came out and again after it got such raves as a movie.  I have not changed my mind.  It veers off into fantasy land as our heroine turns out to be a super genius and thinks of every eventuality to keep hidden (come on, she rolled around the trunk of a car to deposit her DNA?).  On the other hand, maybe this is a good blueprint for some other nut wanting revenge.
I was totally inthralled with this book but so bitterly disappointed with the ending. I think the writer owes it to us to write an alternate ending and offer it for free through Amazon. Otherwise, I'm sure not spending my money on a sequel that could once again disappoint. The author should understand that her book is like a Charles Bronson movie where, instead of him reaking revenge on the maniac that slaughtered his wife and darling children, he makes friends with the killer and walks with him happily off into the sunset.
I thought the first part of the book was dull, dull, dull. But I kept on reading because of all the hoopla surrounding the book--I kept thinking that if it's so acclaimed, I'd better keep reading because it's going to get better. Actually, it did get better, somewhat, as the twists and turns of the story are exposed. It builds you up to thinking the climax is going to be great, but I didn't think it was all that great. In fact, I was angry. I felt a little cheated and very unsatisfied--certainly there was no justice.
I read this book in my book club and was frankly very surprised at the turn it took as I had not read anything about it prior to ordering it on my Kindle.  The whole book surprised me.  It is not an eloquent book but it held my interest nonetheless.  It is contemporary, almost trite, but the dialog is Gone Girl: A Novelbelievable.  The ending though disappointing was probably an accurate reflection of highly dysfunctional and bizarre relationships.  I recommend the book for a light beach read.
The author does a fantastic job developing the characters through their thoughts, journaling, conversations and clever prose, so you really get to know them - but wait! Do you really know them? You like them. No, you don't! Yes, you do! If you haven't read the book, STOP here. Nick, use your brain! Figure it out - don't fall into her clutches again! After I invested so much mental advice to all of the characters, the ending was just unacceptable so I was compelled to write my own ending! There - That's better!
She is a sociopath and he should have left her sooner.  He still can even with her last hold on him, as a  psychiatrist  and sensible judge would give him custody of the child she is holding over his head. A most unsatisfactory ending and not even realistic, considering the options he has compared to  caving in and  the hell this woman will continue to put him through for all  eternity with her manipulations.  ""For one to be taken advantage of, it takes TWO; the one who does it and the one who ALLOWS it!
Easy, uncomplicated read. I only read it because of the popularity of the book.  I guess I should be happy that the ending wasn't the predictable ""justice is served"", but it still leaves me wanting. I didn't close my e-book and mutter to myself ""that was a good book"". I actually caught myself frowning with disappointment. This wasn't a bad read by any means, but I most certainly would not include this book on the 100 books to read before you die. This book would be more like 623 on the list.
Disappointing
It drags out.
dragged along
I wanted more
Great plot...
Slow start...
I wont blow anything in this thriller which comes with twists and turns too numerous to count.  I know that this was the thriller of the summer and I did find it to be a fast and fun read.  I was highly disappointed by the ending though.  It left me feeling let down and questioning whether I wasted my time reading the book.  I debated between 2 and 3 stars.  I gave it 3 because I did have fun reading most of the book.  Not sure I would read this author again though because of the disappointing ending.
The story was good with a lot of strategic plans and there were parts that kept me on edge while I tried to focus on each clue that was given towards the climax, but overall, there were too many parts that went on and on about mundane topics that did not keep my attention. Also, the ending was a big disappointment to me.  I expected more bang at the end with more things being explained but it basically just ended, nothing more, kind of like you just turned the TV off right before the movie was over.
I was excited to read this book since I had been seeing it on best seller list for a long time.  I was a bit disappointed.  I found that I did not like the characters so I had a hard time really getting into the book.  I did appreciate the twists and turns provided by the author, but I came away feeling just a little bit sick by the end of the story.  I would only recommend this book with a caution as to not expect a feel good read in any way.  Kudos to the author though for an unusual, clever plot.
I read the book quickly as you were anxious to find out what happened to his wife, but after completing the book, I realized I did not like any of the characters.  Hard to like a book in which none of the character are even remotely likable.  It did give you insight into many of today's marriage issues.  Do we only think about ourselves ... do we take the time to consider how our spouse might feel about our actions?  In that respect it was a good book.  I will say that all my friends loved the book!
It is a real page-turner, true, but it has a lazy ending, the characters are, to a singleton, unlikable and there's a grubbiness and vulgarity about the whole enterprise.  Doubtless the movie is coming, however, and Ms Flynn will become the next Stephen King.  She says of this book that, ""I wanted to explore the geography of intimacy"".  By 'explore' she seems to mean 'write about'.  Explorations imply discoveries and I saw none here.  A good read on a long plane trip, but no more than that.
I really enjoyed 75% of this book. After that it seemed like the author did not know what to do with the ending. In fact, there is no ending. There is absolutely no closure on any of the issues in the book. After such a good start I was terribly disappointed. One of the last lines of the book is ""I don't have anything else to add."" My guess is that is what the author said so she just stopped writing. If this turns into a series then it makes sense but as a stand alone book it was a waste of time.
Girl Gone"" was well written but I hated it and I hated the ending even more. To be fair after reading the book description and comments, I never would have purchase it. BUT it was gifted to me and I thought the polite thing to do was to read it. The first quarter of the book was full of psychobabble and questionnaires. It was so boring to me that I only read the book when I was at swim practice waiting on my grandchild. The last 75 percent of the book was not boring but just not to my liking.
Read this in 3 days and loved the back and forth between Nick and Amy, for about 3/4 of the book.  At that point, the plot became ridiculous.  Hated Hated Hated the ending.  Did the author really have to resort to such a cliche? I have to agree with another reviewer, seems like the author ran out of ideas and just ended the book.  The story could have been so much better, but in the end did not live up to its potential. Giving it 3 stars instead of 2 because I did enjoy most of the book.
The writer makes you love and then hate both of the main characters right up to the last sentence in the book.  I also can't decide if I'm comfortable liking a book that makes New Yorkers snobby better than though types and Midwesterners overall trashy with a useless existence.  I suppose that was part of the love to hate plan...and there is always some truth behind stereotypes.  Regardless, I found myself deep into these characters and after a slow start I couldn't put the book down.
Ending weird
Decent book.
Crazy story.
Ending sucks
Holy Moly!!!
it was OK...
A bleak book
page turner!
okay reading
Lousy ending
Poor ending!
It was good.
weak ending.
Slow moving.
Others summarized the plot well.  The beginning is very gripping and original, but the second half--and especially the ending-- are not believable and not satisfying.  It is almost as if the author's agent read the first half, saw it was a sure bestseller and movie, and rushed the author to finish it with much less attention to detail than she began it.Warning to the many readers who prefer books with a sympathetic hero or heroine--look elsewhere.
I was gripped by this story from page one, and could not put it down. The author has created an incredibly convoluted tale with great skill, though I was a bit surprised at some of the twists and turns. However, the reasons for those became apparent in the final chapters. The characters are not at all attractive, apart form Margot. She has a social compass. The ending for me was somewhat infuriating, but gave me food for thought. Read it and enjoy the ride.
I read this book in a day, couldn't put it down. But near the end, it started to feel more like a ripoff of the Scott and Lacy Peterson saga meets the movie ""Double Jeopardy"" starring Ashley Judd. Then I got to the end and was kinda pissed! But in so many ways it was a great book, so I will just say the author was using her creative license to write whatever kind of ending she wanted. And maybe in a day or two I won't be so mad about how it all turned out.
Gone Girl started off as a good read and keep me interested enough not to fall asleep and wanting to read just one more chapter.  I was, however, disappointed with the ending - rather non-climatic for the attention it is receiving.  I was expecting more and was a little disappointed - kind of like some of Stephen King's books in the past 10 years - great start, great characters but not so great endings.  I think it will make a better movie than a book.
I read this book because so many friends had told me they loved it.It's well written-except it's almost impossible to relate to the main characters... You don't love them, sympathize with them or ever really understand them.  So it's hard to get really invested in the story when you really don't care that much about the characters. The twists and turns are fun, so that's why the three stars. But in the end, I wouldn't recommend this book.
After reading all the reviews and seeing this book on the best seller list time after time over the past couple years as well as the fact that it was made into a movie, I guess my expectations were just way too high. It was just...okay. I've read lots better and lots worse. It was entertaining and I didn't really see the end coming or guess at the plots twists right off the bat. This is one case where I'm betting the movie is better than the book.
Only bought because movie is being made in my daughter's home town.  Do not know why anyone would go see the movie because it is such a good mystery....and once secret is out...suspense is over.  However,,,now that we are talking about it....it does bring on discussion.  It is a book you want to talk about....but,,,no spoilers...please.  By the way,,,my daughter said the crew of the production were just great to have in town...friendly,,,etc.....
I must say I have mixed feelings about this book. While  I feel the story here is one that beckons you to  stay up all night and keep on reading, something is just missing.  I loved the plot and the suspense, and the twists and turns, and the pacing is just awesome. But the characters lack some credibility and the ending is just not in line with the rest of the story. To say I felt cheated would be an understatement. Still, worth a look for sure.
I had a difficult time getting into the book but stayed with it and actually began to enjoy the twists and turns the storyline took all the while thinking this is really much better than I first thought. I thought this all the way up to the LAST page upon which I was sorry I wasted my time with it. It was disappointing and less than creative to say the least.  Im giving 3 stars due to the fact that I found it interesting until the very last page.
The book does not draw you in at the beginning. You really have to work for it.  Finally, the book starts twisting and turning into the proverbial, ""You wouldn't believe it unless it happened to you""  plot. And then.. It just falls flat on it's face. I gave this book 3 stars; what was good, was very good. There just wasn't enough good to round it out, it was like being disappointed by a drunken Uncle whom has passed out on the couch.
While this book carried me for quite awhile, I don't know what all the fuss is about.  I saw the movie too, and while both were entertaining and the plot is innovative, I can't understand why this is so critically acclaimed.I think I have to stop reading fiction, my expectations are too high.  Everything seems so contrived.  I could read a 100 non fiction books, I think, whose story line and characters are much more gripping.
I've read about 3/4 of the book.  I continue to read, but I find the book quite depressing.  I don't think there is a happy thought in the entire book.  It drags on and on, but I keep thinking it is going to hook me, until I can't stop reading.  Not yet.  It has it's moments, but when ""who took Amy"" finally is revealed, I had already had the same idea.  I will finish it, of course,  and may have to re-write this review but thinking not.
I liked the authors writing style and I thought the plot got off to a great start.  I even enjoyed my mixed feelings about the characters and thought that helped push the suspense in the first half of the book.  However, things went downhill in the second half of the book and I feel like the writer kind of jumped the shark at the end.  Overall I would say it's an entertaining enough read but not something I would recommend to others.
It was hard for me to get into it.  I was shocked when it took a turn towards the middle of the book.  It just didn't hold my interest like I thought a number 1 book would.  I have not read any of Gillian Flynn's other books. I didn't like the back and worth of the characters talking chapter by chapter.  The surprise was the ending.  I was disappointed in the male character.  I loved his sister.  She was the bright spot in the novel.
The book was a puzzle, a wonderfully constructed puzzle and I was caught in its web. I came to understand both main characters deeply and well, but the ending put me off. Cold blooded murder can be overlooked because your emotionally sick and controlling lover makes you a better man? I could not handle the ending. How about being a fuller person without forgiving a cold blooded murderer who may kill the child she's carrying as well.
This book was very difficult to start  - I was more than a third of the way in before it fully caught my interest. The characters are self-centered, trite and predictable; entirely unlikeable. The plot became transparent fairly quickly and played out as expected. The author's approach to story telling and descriptive ability is all that kept me going through the grueling task of finishing the novel once I was certain of its ending.
The writer had a clever idea then resorted to tricks and cliches. Just completely unbelieveable and contrived story once Amy shows her true self. While i get the sense that the writer was trying to be creative and different, that urge overtook the story. I really hate when authors go for cheap and ridculous endings. It really felt like she ran out of steam and interest in the story two-thirds of the way through. Very disappointing.
Gone Girl is certainly a page-turner and is well-constructed (the author left no loose ends despite unique plot twists).  The story, however, is not one that stays with the reader for days or weeks after the last page is read. Another recent ""murder mystery,"" Defending Jacob, was much more memorable and thought-provoking, probably because the characters were considerably more likeable and the reader could connect with the emotions.
This book was entertaining enough, but it had some ridiculous turns in it that made it appear the author was trying too hard to be clever.  I'm not generally a fan of modern fiction, and this book reaffirmed that feeling.  It was all plot with very little beneath the surface, and the writing wasn't particularly poetic.  I haven't seen the movie, but I imagine it would have been just as good and taken much less time to get through.
an entertaining read,sometimes quite humorous but the ending was so over the top that I couldn't suspend belief.  However, it was inventive and given the repetitive plots that glut the market,this was refreshing.  There was something about the main character that was hollow and unlikeable.  The gone girl was really psychopathic and One can't imagine living in the same house withher let alone sleeping in the same bed.
Great story
Poor ending
No Comments
weak ending
FAIR RATING
Pretty good
Depressing.
Decent read
Predictable
This book reminded me of a film with ed norton & Richard Geer & a simiilar concept, completed better.  Had the lead character stayed true to her ""evil"" self it would have been stronger. There were too many victims left in her wake, for just one not to come after her.  The concept of raising a child to spite someone is a project this girl could not see through to the end. It started strong but unravelled with her return.
I FOUND THIS BOOK TO BE WELL WRITTEN BUT ABOUT 100 PAGES TOO LONG. BY THE TIME I SLOGGED THROUGH TO THE END OFTHE STORY, I WAS PAST THE POINT OF CARING ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO ANY OF THE CHARACTERS (NONE OF WHOM SEEMED WORTH CARING ABOUT ANYWAY EXCEPT MAYBE FOR THE ACCUSED HUSBAND'S SISTER). FOR A MUCH BETTER AND CHILLING BOOK WITH AN ENDING THAT HAUNTS ME TO THIS DAY READ ""IN THE LAKE OF THE WOODS"" BY TIM O'BRIEN.
The concept of this story was rather interesting.  I wouldn't call it a page turner exactly but I wasn't bored.  The characters seemed well developed and the story moved at a nice pace.  The climax however was a let down and then the book just suddenly ends.  There is no closure.  It seems the writer just got tired and ended the book.  I actually thought I missed a chapter somehow.  Needless to say I was dissapointed.
Loved this book untill the end! Dark and twisted but kept you ready.  I told several people how great it was and recommended it ...too soon! I had to go back and tell people not to bother because the ending ruined the whole thing for me! I realize in a book like this that the ending isnt all nice and neat but it needed some kind of ending.  It was such a good book until the end! Really disappointed in the non-ending!
After seeing this book on bestseller list I finally decided I had to read it. IT'S ""JUST OKAY "". I have no idea how it stayed on the best seller kist for over a year though, I have found numerous typos, some of it boring taking me a long tome to get thru not a page turner at all. The jumping back and forth, just not what I expected. Will have to finish it to make a complete review but right now not into it.
Place this one in the ""hard to put down"" category. I picked it up because the word of mouth reviews were fantastic and I dove into the book immediately...enjoyed playing the whodunnit game as I read..yet ultimately unsatisfied. Hate is too strong but I disliked the ending. I do hate when I invest time and interest in characters and can put book down and forget them a day later. Definitely a "" good"" read though.
This book is hard to get into but gets better as it goes along.  Although, I appreciate detailed writers, Gillian Flynn goes a little overboard on descriptions and it's a bit tedious reading at times.  I liked the book up to the ending.  The ending was so bad it made me dislike the book.The story line, however, probably makes for a good movie.  Hopefully, the movie writers came up a better ending.
Overall I enjoyed the book. The story was a clever concept and the characters were well written, I was thoroughly engrossed. But the ending was such a disappointment it almost made reading it a waste of time. I felt the author might be leaving the story open for a sequel, the ending was too unlikely and vague. After investing time in the story and feeling so unsatisfied by it's end, I wouldn't read the next.
I suppose that I should devise a better term than *writer's porn,* because I certainly don't mean to imply that this is a dirty book (only one scene depicting venery, and it's deliberately not titillating).  Except for a brief time in the late `60s (of which we must never speak) our Victorian-puritanical tradition frowns on a writer revealing his or her sexual fantasies to the public, and I agree. But what's even worse, rather than a writer displaying his or her libido, is showing off how fancy and clever she can write.I don't wanna see it!Away with the excessive description! Stop with the cutesie adjectives and adverbs! ""My eyes flipped open at exactly six A.M. This was no avian fluttering of the lashes . . .""  >Avian< fluttering??  Get it? Oh, how precious! You know -- as opposed to . . .  uhm . . . *lepidopteran* fluttering?  Gimmie a break!Even worse is my pet peeve, the Rancid Simile: "" . . . staring out from behind the  picture, floating in the dark like some sad aquarium fish.""  Fie on such artifice and gimmickry!  Just tell the damn story!The worst fad of all is telling the story Out! Of! Sequence!  Jumping back-and-forth in time!  Y'know how feminists are always saying, ""That's NOT funny!""? Well, telling a story out of sequence is NOT clever. Nor is it even remotely original. Attention writers! It's been done to death, so stop doing it! Pulp Fiction is a great movie, but a special desk in Hell awaits all the novelists who imitate it.The essential trouble with Gone Girl is that it is overwritten.  The basic plot, the missing wife/psycho mystery [SPOILER ALERT: the mother-in-law did it!], is well thought out, nicely done, but whatever suspense it generates is dissipated by pages and pages of Hamburger Helper. At 419 pages, this is a fine novel, but if all the blague had been left out and the book weighed in at, say, 275 pages, it would have been a masterpiece.I don't mean to exaggerate the novel's weakness, and by the end I felt that it was a satisfying read . . . until I remembered all the stops-and-starts it took to reach the destination. (But pay no attention to the reviews that complain about the ending. Over-the-top, but it's the best part.)It seems to me that the real test of a writer, the genuine challenge, is >not< how ornamental and flowery the writing can be made.  You've heard The Star-Spangled Banner sung by a female singer in a melismatic style, with all sorts of added trills and scales, but does that actually improve the song?  If you're old enough to remember when guys used to customize cars, you'll recall that the first thing the hotrod boys would do was to de-chrome the body -- take all the trim and gewgaws off -- and that's also what makes the auto styling of today æsthetically superior to the monstrosities of the 1950s: simpler, more streamlined and less ornamentation.  Likewise, that's unmistakably what's wrong with this novel: too much chrome and tailfins.The goal of a really talented writer should be to see how much of everything which is nonessential can be jettisoned.  Less is More. Short, declarative sentences. That's the lesson authors should all have learned from Hemingway. Popular author Michael Connelly has leaned this, and it's a pleasure to see that in each successive novel, Connelly's writing has become more sparse and basic, and this has paradoxically improved the quality of his work. It's ironic that Ms. Flynn has here devised a superior plot and more interesting characters (the entire story is a monstrously exaggerated allegory of a typical marriage), but she ruined the novel by showing off her guns.Another case of writer's porn.
An ingenious thriller, a great crime novel, fiendishly clever, a psychological whodunit, a mirror to how we live. That's all hype, though in this case I don't doubt the sincerity of the hype even if I don't understand or agree with it.The reaction to this book is somewhat polarized. I could indulge in a bit of hype myself and say that people love it or hate it. And then there are readers like me who don't hate it but are simply bored. The writing is good but I don't find the story or the characters compelling. As thrillers go this one has more than its share of twists, turns and dark revelations, but the roller coaster ride, as it were, feels too clever by half and contrived. There are plot holes and implausibilities. I don't care about either of the main characters, Nick or Amy, not merely because they aren't likable. I don't need to ""like"" characters in order to enjoy a story, but I do need to be interested in them or intrigued by them. The entire interest of this story is to see what happens next, and ultimately to see what happens at the end. That's not enough for me. As I said, the writing is good, but the good writing in this story struck me the same as watching good actors in a bad movie. Or, as my blunt and earthy grandmother used to say, it's like putting poop on vanilla ice cream.This story certainly has some psychological aspects, but only for the sake of thrills; there is no ""insight."" It is most definitely not ""a mirror to how we live""; the characters are far too aberrational. Some of the characters, such as the police and the lawyer, are cartoonish, but maybe that was intended as humor. Those who say that this story is ""ingenious"" are referring, I think, to the clever planning of one of the characters. But I found nothing particularly brilliant or - more importantly - amusing about it. We are all familiar with the ""perfect murder"" genre. It's probably safe to say that thousands of stories have been written on that plot, in which a very clever protagonist(s) plans and executes the perfect murder. Sometimes the protagonists get away with it and sometimes they don't. One of my favorite perfect murder stories is the play by Ira Levin, ""Deathtrap."" (Made into an excellent movie, by the way)What I will say in this paragraph contains spoilers, so don't read it if you haven't already read this book. I think that a primary reason I did not enjoy this book (besides all the reasons mentioned previously) is because one of the main characters is a sociopath, while the other main character seems to be somewhat of a dolt. What can I say? I'm just not into sociopaths. An author can make a sociopath say or do anything without the burden of making sense. I understand why many people find sociopaths thrilling and chilling, but it's not my thing, either in books or movies. This is why I am bored with wildly popular movies such as Silence of the Lambs. ""I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti."" Ho-hum; yawn. The sociopath in this story doesn't eat anyone's liver, but still, when there is a sociopath in a story all bets are off. At the conclusion of the story there is no satisfaction at figuring out or understanding a sociopath, even if a reader tries to think like a sociopath. A reader can feel afraid of a sociopath, but that kind of fear feels derivative, like feeling afraid of the bogeyman under the bed. An author can make them as evil and clever as she wants, but that doesn't make them interesting as far as I'm concerned. Time magazine said, ""It will make you have a good hard think about who the person on the other side of the bed really is."" The Columbus Dispatch said, ""It's a study of marriage at its most destructive."" This is just more hype. Gone Girl is not anything like a study of marriage. It's not even a study of sociopaths. One of the main characters just happens to be a sociopath, because only a sociopath could do the things this character does. I suppose the most compelling part of this story is to see who wins the final battle: The dolt or the clever sociopath? I don't care. I'm giving the book three stars because, even though I don't like it I can recognize that it is a decent thriller for readers who are thrilled by clever sociopaths.At this point I will confess that I've read about two-thirds of this book and I'm giving up. Part of me wants to finish so I can see how it all winds down. But my better judgment is telling me there are more interesting books to read. I like to read a couple of thrillers each summer. Gone Girl was supposed to be the antidote for another disappointing bestseller, Defending Jacob (which I managed to finish, to my regret). I'm still looking for a thriller that will keep me on the edge of my seat, and as far as I'm concerned, Gone Girl is gone, and good riddance.
This was an entertaining book, full of twists, turns and despicable people. Seriously, it would have been nice to be able to root for someone! But they did keep me guessing, I must admit, and that alone made the book worth reading.It wasn't a deep, heavy book, but it was a fun one (if you're slightly twisted), so read it in front of the fire with a cup of tea and be thankful for your life!
Ok so this book has rave reviews and I was left feeling disappointed. The book starts slow, jumping from Nick to Amy with out much forward momentum. Then the book gets good can't put it down good and then bam it's over and it ends horribly. I would like to have seen more of a finality, maybe not a happy ending but at least something that might make sense, but I guess even psychos need lovin' too.
I thought the book was a page turner, but I didn't much like the characters. And I hated the ending!.. I thought she should have gotten her ""come-upince"" and didn't like that he came down to her level..It was a suspenceful read, even though it was morallly corrupt and not really worth my time. (garbage in garbage out)..I don't really want to read anything more from Gillian Flynn.
I don't typically read mysteries. That being said, I enjoyed this one. The story was interesting and moved along quickly. This was a good story to settle down with at the end the day. It was entertaining.I feel like the characters could have been fleshed out a bit more, though. It also felt a little like I was reading a screen play. Too many ""scenes""... Overall, it was a decent escape.
Gone Girl has a really interesting premise and it's well-written. However, the two main characters are incredibly unlikable and the ending is weak. Gillian Flynn likes dark, wierd characters (I've read another of her books, too), but too such an extreme that I find myself not caring what happens to them. I like quirky characters, but some of her characters have no redeeming qualities.
good read!
Good book.
Thank you.
slow start
It was ok,
Over rated
Only fair.
confused..
Great read
Good book.
Good read!
Just Okay!
Author is at her best when painting the inner life of her subjects, and in particular how trying to be the cool girl is a path to submission to your own marital abuse.  Also quite intriguing in portraying the results of parents making a living by exploiting their child.  Gets overheated as the plot progresses to the point of scaring the reader away from characters they want to like.
This was an entertaining, juicy, thriller. I enjoyed reading this book. I recommend it for a day where you want to curl up and read something just for the sake of reading a story. It's two parts, the first covers the disappearance of a house-wife in a Midwestern town. The book switch back and forth between first person narratives from the point of view of the husband and the wife.
The book starts slow but then it picks up. The use of diary helps to keep the reader entertained and engaged for a while, but feels somewhat overstretched. Certain twists of the plot don't feel right and don't fit the characters' personalities. However, the overall quality of writing is quite satisfactory, and the analysis of the modern family dynamic was very interesting.
I really enjoyed the book until the end. I almost feel like the end of the book ruined the entire thing. After reading all the great reviews on this book, I couldn't imagine that I would have been disappointed after I finished reading it. I would recommend this book but give them a warning that the ending may not be what you would expect and could ruin your opinion of it.
I had the beginning of this story figured out. What keeps you hooked is the thoughts and insights into the main female character's psyche. What will make this book a better read for someone is if they are interested in psychology. What ruins the book is the ending because there isn't one, nothing is wrapped up concluded and leaves you hanging highly disappointed!
This book was amazingly suspenseful.  Every chapter ended with a scene that made you want to continue reading.  I loved that there was twist after twist.  However, after I finished the book I was so disappointed.  As another reviewer put it, I felt cheated. So let that be a warning - the ending is not going to be satisfying to you, I can pretty much guarantee it!
Such a captivating book, page turner, couldn't put it down and I finally get to the end after waiting, waiting, waiting,,,,,,,,, and find that the author seem to run out of steam and instead come up with a quick ending.  I hated it, it didn't seem to fit with the rest of the story (in my opinion!)  I heard the same sentiments from my book club buddies.  Bummer!
I like the author in that she keeps you interested in the story and characters.  IMHO, this book was good up until the end.  It was anti-climatic and I believe I could have written a better ending!  Not to give anything away about the story....but I felt that one of the characters was too ruthless to end in a positive conclusion.  I liked Sharp Objects better.
The first 90 percent of this novel is a unique mix of gripping thriller and marital drama; the final 5 to 10 percent falls flat on its face.  Was I expecting a ""Hollywood ending""?  No, not really... but I was expecting some kind of meaningful closure, a resolution that doesn't simply leave the audience saying, ""oh, okay... that's bleak.
enjoyed it but the end ruined it for me
The first half of the book I found myself saying, ""This is stupid why do I continue to read this book?""  Knowing the reviews for this book were good I just continued on.  Finally, half way through the book it became interesting.  It wasn't a bad story but it could have been shorter.  Bottom line: yawner to mid point, interesting from mid point to end.
Started out great.  Loved the early twists and turns. The last third of the book is bizarre The characters get more and more complex but the actual story got more and more simple to the point conflicts were easily and unrealistically swept away.I really wanted to love this book but at the end of it, I didn't care about a single character.
The well written story held my interest for the first two thirds of the book, hence my 3 Star rating. It went down hill after Amy reconnected with Desi ultimately leading to her return to Nick. Her pregnancy through the use of Nick's saved semen and her diabolical attachment to Nick lacked believability. Frankly, the ending was a huge disappointment.
I was disappointed with the ending! I feel as if the author ran out of ideas and was working against a deadline.  In addition, the characters were unlikable. However, I liked the first 1/2 of the book. As I continued to read this mystery novel I heard myself asking  (several times) out loud, "" Oh, come on, this would never happen in real life!
slow pace
Easy read
Nice read
Good read
Okay read
Riveting!
Very good
Started a
It was ok
good read
It's okay
It was ok
Badending
Very good
Just okay
good read
Fun read.
good read
Mediocre.
good book
Good book
good book
Finished several days ago and still trying to figure out what I thought of it. Maybe not my normal type of book and took that into consideration when rating. First half kind of drug for me, so I skipped a head to find out about the girl and then went back. The ending disappointed me, kind of felt like the last couple of chapters were missing.
I have to say first that the writer is talented, she made the characters very real. Personally I didn't like all that much how the story developed. It started ok, then it started to get exciting, but it turned into a boring thing for too long. Then when it finally started to get somewhat exciting it disappointed me. I wouldn't recommend it.
While the beginning to middle of this book kept me fully interested, I must say the second half was a letdown.  It did not come across as believable.  The lenghts that this woman goes to seemed silly more than anything.  It did keep me guessing at times which I liked but this book could have been great had it not gone the direction it did.
I enjoyed the story, a lot of twists and turns....but I believe some parts were a little long and drawn out.  After allowing the reader to become involved with the characters and to get to know them so well - at least you thought you knew them - the unexpected ending was rather abrupt. I was left wanting to know more.  Overall a good read!
The whole concept of this book was cleverly written and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I definitely had a tough time putting it down. The ending however was so disappointing!  I am actually shocked that such a great read would have such a ridiculous ending. I am still going to recommend reading it,  as the author really knows how to write.
A gratifying contemporary psychological thriller. The characters are intriguing and the story is imaginative and revealing. I found the book was weighed down with gratuitously graphic sex. I'm no prude but I just think it was the weak link in an otherwise engrossing tale. Definitely my personal opinion and not a reason to avoid.
I bought this book because it was on the best seller list, and I now wonder why it was on this list?  I found the alternating narrators, first he, then she, interruptive as I was reading.  Somewhat far-fetched plot, with less substance than I like in a plot.  One wonders if this was supposed to be an analogy of a bad marriage?
I told people to read this book while I was just getting into it.  However, by the time I was finished i had to go back and tell the same people to ""not bother"".  What started out as a great read turned out to be very disappointing.  It had far too many unnecessary plot twists and turns.  Not good story telling at all.
I was definitely interested in what happened next but it wasn't what I expected.  I also thought it was very long & a lil drawn out @ times. So it did keep me tuned in but I was slightly disappointed due to the reviews.  So I gave a 3 for suspense... but different strokes for different folks! This was just not my favorite.
In the beginning, it was boring.  Couldn't understand where the great reviews were coming from.  I rarely finish a book that doesn't grab me instantly.  But I decided given those reviews, to stick it out.  Midway, I was hooked.  Very intense, complex, and very, very good.  Only to have it completely and totally fizzle out in the end.  I was left with an overall feeling of dissatisfaction. I had planned on reading her other books, but now I am not sure I want to bother.This book is like a race car.  Started up slowly, built up steam to an incredible level and blew up before it got to the finish line.
The writing style never grabbed my attention.  I promised myself that I would finish the book before the movie came out!  I did, but it was torture.  Every now and then, my interest was tweeked, but this one just did not hold my attention.  However, my son could not put it down, so it is all in the eye of the beholder!
Gillian Flynn's plotline in Gone Girl is engaging, but ultimately the story turns unbelievable, and by the novel's end neither of the two main characters is likeable, so much so that I didn't care what happened to them.  I would  characterize this work of fiction as initially entertaining but essentially forgettable.
Not the classic everyone is claiming. Shallow and stereotypical character development. Clearly had some ideas from Steinbeck's East of Eden, but failed to really explore the darkness of her characters. Setting could have been incorporated better. Predictable, but still fun plot. Overall fun, but under-achieved work.
The ending was soooo disappointing. It was as if you we're blowing up a balloon, and by the time you reached the perfect plump size, the climax, someone comes over with a needle and pops it. Simple analogy, but exactly what happen. I couldn't enjoy the book for what it was, or had been, after I reached the end.
It is unsettling to see how manipulative and controlling humans can become.  I especially was unhappy about the ending. Her exploits while being ""gone"" seemed unlikely, as well as the fact that the two that robbed her money did not come forth once she returned home. The whole story left me scratching my head.
Gone Girl was riddled with disgusting sexual innuendos and situations.It was very descriptive and somewhat suspenseful, but the side trips into the bedroom were unnecessary and disturbing.  There should have been some warning that the book contained descriptions that might be offensive to some readers.
OK, who hasn't thought of getting back at your spouse?  Two thirds of the way through this novel the story became too wearisome, tired.  Who cares about the missing wife----and who cares about the husband, just get it over with.  Hard to believe this novel maintains a best seller spot week in and week out.
I had heard so much about this book but found it to be lacking.  The ending was particularly strange as was a large part of the book.  Amy seemed to have not been held accountable for any of the ill deeeds that she had done.  She committed a murder.  I think that the author left the book open to a sequel.
Good one
Twisted!
dragging
Great wr
This book was one of the best books I've read in a long time . . . until I got to the end. I couldn't put the book down, it was so good. It was gearing up for this terrific ending but then it seemed like they had run out of room and had to quick put an ending it. The ending ruined the entire book!
Wasted my time and money on this. It was good until the end but what a disappointing ending. Worst ending ever! Don't bother with it.
I have read two others of Gillian Flynn's novels, and had high expectations for this one.  The story idea was captivating and I enjoyed reading the novel, but the ending left me wanting more.  It ended with no resolution.  If I wanted to dream up endings to books I read, I would write my own!
This has to be the most long-winded, oh my gosh there's more, why won't this chapter end?, book I've ever read! At first it was interesting, then dull, and finally just cliche. Naturally it's headed to the box office, but really people, demand better! All in all I give it a ""meh.
I found this book to have some unexpected turns in the plot which no one would ever be able to figure out.This made it an enjoyable read. The reader's opinion of the characters certainly changes as the book progresses. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it but not extremely highly.
This book had the most despicable characters.  I did not care if Amy was gone or not.  Though the book was well written, I had trouble slogging through it because I did not connect with the main characters or most of the supporting characters.  All of the twists did keep the plot moving.
I'm an avid reader.  I wanted to read this book. The story was great.  The characters were so unpleasant, however, that I just didn't care what happened to them.  I normally am sad when I finish a book like this. I want to know where everyone is a year later.  This time, not so much.
This book held my attention more often than not.  There were parts that dragged on (i.e. any scene in the abandoned mall, the constant referral to the economically depressed area all throughout Part I) but the character twists made up for that.  I did like Amy's character quite a lot although it seemed like some aspects of her personality were explored to no end and some parts were scratched and left dangling.  Which leads me to the ending; it was horrible.  I don't mind ""and life went on"" type endings but this was like riding on a bicycle down a huge hill and just petering out to a gradual stop.  Yes there was one more plot twist at the end but it didn't do much to the story line.  I was expecting more.  On the surface it seemed like something profoundly psychological and gripping but in reality it was trite.  Writing that requires that much flat-out explanation for why the characters were doing what they were doing seems amateurish.  Let the reader make of the characters what they want.  Overall it was a decent read with some good ""gotcha"" hooks throughout, but it was a bit flat in the end.  I would not read any of her other books based on this one.
Once again I find myself relatively unimpressed by a novel that so many people love.  It's not the writing quality that is the problem.  The main problem is that I can only like a book so much when every character is infuriating.I am looking forward to seeing the movie!
I was disappointed with the excessive use of the f*** word and other offensive language. It added nothing and even distracted from the story. Story line was good and plot exciting to follow, once you block out bad choice of language. Surprised at ending. Sort of left unfinished.
Great, great great read. Until the end. I'm left wondering if Gillian Flynn suddenly became bored with her writing project and decided to wrap it up, real quick like. The entire book deserves five stars... Until the final few chapters: Which deserve none. Utterly anti climatic.
The start of the book was awesome, I couldn't put it down! But around halfway, there's a twist and it kind of ruined the book for me. From then on it all seemed a bit far fetched, but an entertaining read nonetheless. Kind of disappointed because the first half was so good :/
Excellent read but I was totally unsatisfied in the end. I had many ideas of how this one would turn out as I read it and while I love surprise endings this one didn't fit the bill. I kept saying, ""I've devoted all these hours and THIS is what you give me?"" Not happy!
This is a very popular book & was highly recommended. However, I found it a big downer due to the personalities of the main & other characters. On the other hand I was SUCKED INTO the story, paid for it, so I read the whole book. It was kind of like watching a train wreck.
Although there were some blairing omissions in the logic of this tragedy, the book was well written and a page turner. If you like a marriage mystery that turns tragic, this book is for you. It would be four stars except for all they hype surrounding it, I expected more.
I thought the first half of Gone Girl was a exciting, interesting and kept me engaged. About half way through the book, things starts to fall apart. I thought the set up was great, but the big reveal comes to early and it becomes a chore to finish. Could have been great.
I enjoyed this book.  I thought it did what a mystery should do; keep you guessing on how it will all end.  However, about that ending.  I was disappointed.  Was it appropriate?  Maybe, considering all that went before.  Was it satisfying?  To me, that would be a big no.
Slow start, then very good main story with twists and turns. Became fully engrossed but then felt incredibly let down with the ending. Would have loved the book if the author had wrapped things up better.  The whole story left me craving justice but you never get any.
I was really surprised at how well this book did. I guess it just isn't my type of book. It seemed very silly to me at times, the way she acted that is.Some people that I talked to about this book thought I didn't like it because I don't resd Mystery stories ?
3 stars
It's ok
Meh....
So. So.
This was a hard book to begin.  The story of Nick and Amy grabs you about half way through, and holds you until the end.  However, the ending was horrible!  It was like stepping off a cliff and never reaching the bottom.  Don't think I would recommend it to anyone.
Not a novel. Maybe a psychological horror mystery. Not to my taste. Truly terrible protagonists. If you like it, write a review. I won't read it. It might be more awful than the book. I gave the book three stars because I I was sickly curious about plot outcome.
I waited a long time to get this book because it was hyped in all the magazines and online. It took me quite a while to get into it.  Slow beginning.  Then in the middle it picked up speed and so did I.  But I have to say I was quite disappointed in the ending.
In reading Gone Girl, by Gillian Flynn, I love this book, it's a great surprise for me. Gillian is a very talented writer. Also Flynn, a gifted writer.I don't know how to rate this book. I'm very sorry I'm giving 3 because the book was well writing.
Flynn's development of unlikeable but relatable characters is unnerving.  While the pace trips at times, one reads on for continued twists and the final blow on the last page.  Flynn's work is original and sharp and provides for a spirited book club discussion.
Maybe the movie will give the book some life. The story starts slowly and ends with a dull thud. Didn't like the book for the most part. Some bits in the middle of the mystery were interesting, but not an enjoyable read. Off to find something new to read.
Even though everyone is reading this book, I found the main characters' parts, in both 'halves' of the story, far too superficial. Perhaps, unfortunately, that is very characteristic of the real world at this time but I found it difficult to plow through.
Presumed Innocent. Anyone else think this or is it just me? I don't want to talk about Presumed(in case some haven't read it). Just checking to see if others felt this way. This book was one that I couldn't put down but I enjoyed the Presumed ending more.
This book felt like reading an insider episode for Law and Order but with backfill. I liked this book for the same reason I like watching cop dramas during the work week...they are interesting and keep my attention but I don't have to use my brain a lot.
I was expecting to be completely hooked by this book because all of my friends were talking about it. I have to admit that I was a little disappointed and kept watching my percentage complete increase with little excitement about the story I was reading.
I had great hopes that people who do evil things pay for their sins. How disappointed I was to see that this evil woman was able to permanently manipulate and torture her spouse. But maybe after all, he was a masochist and they both deserve one another.
Good story, moved along at a good pace, kept me interested all the way through.  My only problem with this book is that the author needs to learn a few more adjectives.  The only one she seems to know is f--- and its derivitives and she used them a lot.
If a book doesn't grab my attention in the first couple of chapters then I don't keep reading. I tried to hang in there on this book and made it through half the book but just couldn't go any further. This book drags and not in a good, suspenseful way.
I was hooked on the book could not put it down I was not, however, very thrilled with the ending, I guess I was looking for a happy ending because I know a person that is like the main character and I think these people should pay for their evil ways!
Psychology buffs or students will like this better than I did.  I read it as two co-dependents--both with mental problems.  This is the second book by Gillian Flynn that I have read that dealt very sadly with mental illness and I won't go there again.
I did like this book, it had an interesting story line of boy meets and marrys girl, marriage gets stale, kidnapping, murder, intrigue...all the good stuff.  BUT, the ending was a disappointing one in my mind which is why I am only giving it 3 stars.
Loved it. Thought it was great. Was ready to recommend it to everyone I knew. Then got to the end and said ""What?"". Didn't make any sense. Very disappointing. I was already envisioning the movie but not now. What the heck was that ending all about ?
Although the format of this work, (he says, she says) is clever and fast paced; the main characters are so flawed, it is hard to like them at all.I can appreciate the talent of the author, but it is hard given the nature of the protagonists.
This was a fast read, as I was completely intrigued until the last 1/4th of the book. Then it just became too unrealistic, without much explanation about the events on the author's part. It felt like she burnt out, leaving the reader unsatisfied.
I didn't know what the ending would be like but it ended at the right time. Thought they were going to catch Amy but maybe they left room for a sequel. That would be bad because this book was only ok. I need to find something withsubstance now.
I was REALLY into the book until about 3/4 of the way through it.  It seems like the author just got bored with writing and threw together that horrible ending.  All in all, I love the author's writing style...but I have read much better books.
This is a great story. My only complaint is the overuse of the f-word. I may be old-fashioned, but it really detracts from the story for me. Do people really talk like this? If so, they need to go back to school and learn the English language.
Although I finished reading the book just to see how it would end and because of all the rave reviews, I did not particularly like it.  Everyone in the whole book was flawed, and, it seemed everyone ""lost"" in the end.  How depressing!
I was really liking this book, the mystery, trying to figure out what happened...until it got weird. Parts 2 and 3 became so bizarre. I continued reading, in hopes it would get better but it never did. And the ending seems just so strange...
Goodbye Gone Girl.  The story was fascinating and kept my attention waiting to see how it would all work out.  But -- the ending was very disappointing.  Didn't particularly like the characters either.  Why did I keep reading it?  Curiosity.
I rated this book a three because I hated the ending.  I did like the writing style, the story line was good and drew you in, but at the end I was so disappointed. (Plus, I think the sexual contents where a bit over the top for me.  Ugh!)
I had really been looking forward toward reading this book.  I read lots of great reviews.  I found it quite slow and I didn't connect to the characters .  Once the conclusion became obvious,I was even more disappointed in the writing
I purchased this book because it had been on the best seller list for weeks and expected more. I put it down after about 50 pages, which is rare for me. Maybe it improves  with perseverance, but life is too short to read boring books.
The book left me depleted and faintly irritated.  It started well then became tiresome as these selfish characters interacted with each other.  Yucky people they are...and so smug and manipulative.I do think about this book often because icky human behavior is hard to turn away from but I am trying to flushthe ick off me.  It's an ok read but you won't be happy when you finish it....just irritated.
Disappointed with the ending.  The book dragged on and on, so it seemed  as if Flynn just got tired of writing and decided to stop, mid-thought.  I don't think it was a bad book, I simply expected more after all of the rave reviews.
If you like romance novels, it's a five.  If you don't, it's a one.I gave it three stars because that's right down the middle between one and five stars.This is a romance novel disguised as a murder mystery.
Very intelligent, when i reached half the book, I couldn't stop reading, filled with twists. Interesting approach to story telling, bouncing between two minds.Like --> witty thriller. Dislike --> just a thriller
This book was captivating and annoying right from the beginning.  I love a good mystery, and the writing was decent, so I stuck with it.  I was, however, annoyed that a 38 year old woman was keeping a diary and I found the content within to be like a bad teenage chick flick, and I sort of wanted to punch her in the face more for that than for any of the other horrible things she does throughout the rest of the book.I do have to admit though - for all that, I could not put it down.  I really REALLY wanted to know how it would all end.  And then...The ending was so completely unsavory and unsatisfying that I wish I had stopped reading before the final chapter.  I read in another comment that the author got writer's block at 82% of the way through.  She should have stopped there.  The ending ruined this entire book.  Scratch that, there isn't even an ending to speak of.  She just stopped writing words.
I have trouble enjoying books where I do not find any of the characters likeable and this fell into that category so for the first 40% of the book I was frustrated, but then the story takes off and the last half is unputtdownable.
Gone Girl was the kind of book I couldn't put down. Curiosity kept me going, as I needed to know more about the characters and desperately needed to know whodunit.  Always love a twist in a plot and this one delivers.  Recommended
A little hard to get started, was really good mid-way through. I hated the ending....I wanted to throw my Kindle at the wall when I realized I had just read the last page. I was like, ""That's it?!"" Pretty good book though
Gone Girl did not come up to my expectations.  It was given such great reviews, but I found it a bit unreal and over rated I have also purchased her novel DARK PLACES and look forward  to reading that to see how it compares
This is a cleverly written book, she's indeed a Good Writer; but I did not like but one character in it, I felt like I'd been slimed, actually; Slimed and Had.I'd prefer to spend my time w/ Elmore Leonard, or Richard Ford.
I was totally engrossed by this book.  I listened to it in audio form, and loved it right up until the end, which I hated.  I'm not sure how I wanted it to end, but that wasn't even close lol.  Definitely worth the read though.
The book was a page-turner.  It got off to a bit of a slow start, but once the plot thickened, it was hard to put down.  That is until the terribly disappointing ending that left me scratching my head and thinking, ""that's it?
clever story line, some well described characters.The story  twisted and turned within the format of the novel which incidently did not lend itself to Kindle comfort. I felt it ran out of steam in a predictable way at the end.
Creepy
This book took a while to get into. I had no problem putting it down in the beginning. The reviews were so good I had to keep going, waiting. It finally got interesting. Not quiet finished but I can't wait to pick it back up.
I gave it a just OK rating because, though interesting, the characters are so warped it was hard to like either of them and therefore there is no mental cheering for either of the main characters to ""win"" in the end.
Enjoyed the book.  Could not put it down.  Found the writing and experience very well done.  Disliked the ending.  Would have rated it higher except for the ending.I will look forward to the authors next novel.
Not my first choice for a read.  Read for a book club.  I prefer nonfiction but this was OK.  Wanted to get to the end to find out the answers but was tough at times because the main characters were so devious and nasty.
Suspense will keep you turning the pages because there are so many surprises in the story line.  The characters are not likable and  the ending left me feeling disappointed so I cannot rate this book 5 or even 4 stars.
I loved this book, until the last part. I loved the twists, but it got a bit ridiculous and over-the-top unbelievable. I was looking forward to passing this book along, until I finished it. No way would I recommend it.
I started and stopped reading this book at least three times. Finally, at the insistence of my MIL, I pushed through it. Slow build up and the ending was very anti-climactic. It was good enough, but not a great read.
I was very drawn to these characters at first but then I started to look for the ""good guys"" and couldn't find any.Ms. Flynn is a very good writer and I would certainly like to read more from her.
The book was http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10200547069252650&set=a.1077534732028.2014125.1036045651&type=1 interesting and I enjoyed reading it. I felt the ending was sudden and didn't like the way it ended.
It was a great start and middle, but I just didn't like the ending...The whole book was unexpected with awesome twist and turns and held my attention and interest...and then the ending just didn't do it for me.
I couldn't put this book down, it has a great solid start, great plot but then, the author fell short with a mediocre ending. I couldn't beleive when I realized that THAT was the end...I need an alternative ending!
This book was okay, I found there were too many explanations of everything and sometimes too difficult to follow...I guessed pretty early on the plot and was desperately disappointed with the ending....
I started slow, then it sucked me in. I kept thinking, why did he do it?  Then the story turned and I couldn't put it down...then the ending.  I would have rated higher but the characters got too weird at the end.
Even though this book had high ratings, I am over 1/3 into it and so far it is NOT one of those ""can't put down"" novels. Not sure I will try this author again unless this book takes off. Still waiting....
A mystery / thriller with all the twists and turns you'd expect.  Great guilty reading, and maybe something you don't to recommend to a significant other.  They might get ideas or think you're implying something.
I enjoyed the book until the last few chapters. It seems like a lot of thought was put into everything except the conclusion. After her return the story just literally plummeted off a cliff. I feel ripped off.
This book was great but it just ended in the middle of everything so it is SCREAMING SEQUEL.  I hope there is one because without a sequel the book would not be very good.  I thought my book was missing pages!
I enjoyed the suspense and details of the mystery.  I imagined several possible solutions.  In the end, I found the ending of this book so disappointing that I felt cheated out of the time I spent reading it!
Boring I kept waiting for some tense twists and turns. But I knew what was coming every time. I do not understand the media hype with the release of the movie. If the movie follows the book closely BIG YAWN.
I enjoyed this book, but the central characters Amy and Nick are both very unlikable ... Scary though, and so unbelievable it is believable. Like the way Flynn makes the Missouri setting a character as well.
I can't believe I actually finished the book.It dragged most of the time and nothing about the bookwas exciting.  I really disliked Amy and I think Nick wasan idiot for the part he played.
I expected so much from this book. Everyone raves about it, but I think it just fell flat. Granted there were a lot of twists to the story, which was nice. But all in all the book just didn't do it for me.
The reviews are spot on. It is suspenseful, intriguing and mostly well written. The characters are fascinating and multifaceted.  BUT. The ending is so incredibly unsatisfying. I wish I had never read it.
This is not Bohjalian's best. I have enjoyed many of his novels, but this one, not so much. However, this one is not so formulaic as some of his novels, and that's good. I did enjoy the Gatsby connection.
This book got tons of hype, so I felt like I had to read it to understand why everyone was talking about it.  Only thought it was OK. was disappointed that someone so manipulative got their way EVERY time
After all the talk, thought this book would be better.  It simply ended in a very unsatisfying way which was too bad because I was enjoying the book up to that point, first rooting for one then the other.
This story is a fantastic read. I did not care for the end. I do not want to give any spoilers; however, I think its because the writing fell from a carefully complicated story to something so very basic.
I guess I just like endings that are neat and tidy.  The ending of this book was neither of those. The reader is left with the sense that Nick and Amy will continue to descend into their own shared hell.
The plot in the book was thrilling and you wanted to keep reading to find out what would happen next. However, the amount of dirty language was NOT necessary. That  made it good but definitely not great.
I liked this book, but the pace was a bit slow and I kept thinking something exciting was going to happen to ramp up the read.  A good way to pass some time while lying on the beach, but not a must-have.
it's ok.  it rambled for a long time in the beginning.  neither nick or amy were very likeable.  you wanted to slap both of them and say wake up.  the ending was open ended.  did not live up to the hype.
Very little wear visible, however, it seems to have been exposed to water or packed in a distorted manner, as the bottom of all pages at the outer corner is deformed.  Still a decent readable paperback.
Getting tired of having to come up with my own endings. Please tie it up neatly with a bow.Otherwise a good page turner, that left me guessing and jaw dropping at times. Will read her other books.
While the ending wasn't what I was hoping for, the story was great.  The way the author tells his and her stories made for a fast read.  Like looking over someones diary.  Didn't regret buying this one.
I'm not sure if I enjoyed this story!  I had to keep on reading, I wanted to know what was going on.  In that way, the story was compelling.  By the end, I was a little let down.  It was an odd ending.
i sort of liked the book but have problems with the ending. If the wife goes to that much trouble to set the husband to be the fall guy  ""in her murder ""what  will she do to the unborn child.
I was really enjoying the book until the end and I couldn't believe it ended. I thought I must have skipped the last chapter or something - VERY DISAPPOINTED in the ending. It literally just STOPPED.
Disturbing characters and plot twists that made you shake your head and kept you guessing throughout the book. Good read although it would not be one I would be interested in reading again and again.
There were twists- however, in my opinion, this story is heavily based upon Scott and Laci Peterson.The Author,in my opinion knows this.Twists, certainly, good writing. Great imagination.
While this is a novel, I would expect some realism.  This situation was preposterious....the story was manipulative.  I komw there are tons of glowing reviews, but not from me....Sorry, I'm not a fan
I can't understand why this book is still on the best sellers list.  I find it slow and dry and am forcing myseslf to finish it just to see what all the fuss is about.Judy, Oak Harbor, WA
Gone Girl has an interesting and unique plot.  It is a relatively quick read.  However, do we ultimately care about two psychotic, narcissistic characters?  I'm not sure in the end that I really did.
the book is a good thriller a pretty fast read, and keeps you interested. I won't spoil it but I didn't like how the book ended, I felt like it was lacking something. Or maybe I just didn't like it.
I loved the book initially, but became disappointed midway.  I still don't understand why he would stay with such a manipulative evil person.  But it was fiction so it could go anywhere, and it did.
Got tired of the f word, so sent it back, It felt like, "" if I can't think of a word to put in, I'll just put in the f word.""  I had purchased it for our 7th-12th grade high school library.
Excellent storyline....way too much cussing. The story line could have upheld the story without all the vulgar language. Though I thought the book was good, I won't be reading anything else by Fly
She is an excellent writer.  The story and characters are very good. Halfway through the book the story really comes to life and you can't wait to finish it. However, I seriously hated the ending.
I expected to love this book, but was disappointed - did not like the main characters.  The plot was good in that it kept you wondering who was the ""bad guy"" and it was very well written.
I liked this book, but I hate how psychotic and grim the book ended.  This really isn't my type of read (with all the mental games involved).  I'm more of a light-happy read kind of book-reader.
This mystery shows just how awful people can get. The author absolutely did his job. I didn't care for the villian in this story but I believe this could and probably does happen in some cases.
The book was entertaining and hard to put down.  My biggest complaints were the vulgarity of the characters and the ending.  I disliked both Nick and Amy, so it was hard to root for either one.
I enjoyed the story until it got to the end and then I was very disappointed.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because once I read the end, I felt like I had wasted my time reading the book.
I was ready to give this four stars and recommend it to all my friends, but I was so disappointed by the ending.  It was a huge anticlimax that was neither here nor there.  Very disappointing.
I could not put the book down.  I thought the writing and storyline were both superb, however, I was highly disappointed by the way the author ended it.  That is, if you can call it an ending!
I felt it had a slow start at the beginning, but toward the middle, I couldn't put it down. It was sort of like a murder mystery and I had to find out what ""really happened"". Enjoyed the book.
The storyline was good and interesting, but her overuse of the F-bomb on almost every page and in so many un-necessary ways, took away from this book for me.  I couldn't wait to sell it back!
I loved the book up until the final pages.  The ending was not what I expected when I imagined several options for the ending going into it.  I did not like how the author finalized the book.
I enjoyed this book at the start, but gradually felt less and less sure of the way the story was going. Eventually, I found myself skimming the last few chapters and just wanted it to finish.
Interesting twists and turns keep your interest.  Innovative approach to explaining the intricacies of relationship between two very honest characters...believable or not.  Entertaining read.
This book was sad in that the main characters were a bit unbalanced and sad.  I don't know who I was most upset with the wife who planned it all or the husband who seemed to be out to lunch.
Some great insights into people and relationships, but the end was not what I was hoping for. A little slow at first, picks up in the middle and leaves you wishing you could rewrite the end.
This is a good read as a murder/mystery book.  I rated 3 stars because at times I was frustrated with every other chapter being a flashback. The format lost me a bit but overall it was okay.
I did not like the ending!! I thought it had a crappy ending and Nick should have found a way to put her in jail for her murdering Desi.... I feel bad for Nick and the baby! Amy is a PSYCHO
This is a fast read with superficial characters and contrived plot.  It was entertaining at times.  It may be better as a movie.I haven't recommended it to anyone, and probably won't.
The book was interesting and held my attention. I just disliked the ending. Without giving away some of the 'happenings' I can't go into detail.  I just didn't find the story line feasible.
This was an interesting book that delves deep into the psyche of the two main characters. I did struggle to like either one to be honest but it did keep my interest and it was an easy read.
I didn't find Gone Girl as wonderful as many other have.  It was an easy read but didn't have a very satisfying conclusion.  Well, on to the next book, maybe one which is not a summer read.
The book is good and kept my interest until i got to the end.....What end???  I am not really sure what happened........ It will be interesting to hear what the members of my book club say.
Very confusing at the start. Well written. Interesting characters ..  a bit absurd at times...the ending not at all to my liking. But strangely enough I could  not stop reading it. Janet B.
I liked this book...the characters are very messed up  in the head which keeps the reader interested. I had no idea where the book was going to go. however the ending was not  my favorite.
Drags
so so
For people who work in the legal system this would fall into the category of crime sitcoms.  A little bit hard to believe that someone could get away with all that and not be discovered.
For me, it was an average read. It wasn't the kind of book I couldn't put down because I was so involved with characters. It was predictable. I did not care for the ending. It was okay.
This suspenseful novel definately held my interest.  However, the ending was very dissatisfying and felt like a grab at a final plot twist whether it held true to the characters or not.
The book could've been written in 200 pages vs 400+. I didn't hate the book. Was intrigued enough to finish it, but definitely didn't love it. It didn't make my ""would read again"" list.
I read Gone Girl for my book club. We will be discussing it next week. At first I was so impressed by the selection. The writer is very talented and certainly has a way with words and is very creative. It was fun to read a different genre than I usually do. I liked how she alternated the two main characters, both telling the story. I have to say though, that both main characters were very unlikeable. Even the other characters in the book were not very loveable. So I wasn't really rooting for anyone. I agree with a lot of the reviews about the ending. I was surprised how she ended it. It as unsatisfying and sick. A let down for sure. I am glad that I read it, and would recommend it, but there was definitely something lacking.
A good read that's hard to put down. Chapters switch between wife's diary entries and husbands point of view. Mysterious and kept me guessing most of the time. Will there be a sequel?
I won't bother recapping what this book is about.  There are over 1,000 other reviews (plus you definitely don't want any spoilers on this one!).  I'll just let you know what I personally thought about the book... Gone Girl is an exciting read, with twists and turns around every corner although it is VERY DARK.  I personally did not care for it.  Both of the main characters are vile, and have zero redeeming qualities.  Half way through the book I was sick and disturbed, but I couldn't put it down.  So that in and of itself is a selling point.  If you're into dark thrillers, I think you'd love this book.Despite not liking the book, I gave it 3 stars because it IS very engrossing, just not my cup of tea.
This book is very well written and sucks you in to see what happens next. I must admit I didn't love the last few chapters and the ending, but that's just me! Still highly recommend.
mildly entertaining, dragged on and on. Don't understand why other's rate so highly. The story was unbelievable and dragged. Parts were okay but I wouldn't rate higher than a 3 star.
This book will keep you on the edge of your chair, but the characters are not very likeable.  Liked the writing, hated the story.  Probably will not read other books by this author.
The book was very well written, but the characters such totally unlikeable people that it was hard for be to even read the book..borderline and antisocial personalities to the max!!
The quality of the audio was perfect. The plot was interesting, but the repetition of ""four letter"" words was offensive, distracting and completely unnecessary to the story.
Fascinating story that is degraded with foul language. I do not want to pay an author to throw the f word at me repeatedly. For this reason, I cannot recommend this book to anyone.
It was a very interesting idea, but I never really cared for the characters. Have to admit I did the fast reading through most of it only to be disappointed in the ending. Strange.
LIked the way that the author set up the story. I instantly did not like the main character. However, the  content became very dark and twisted. It was okay,but not my usual read.
I became grumpy reading this book.  There is so much disfunction in modern life, I do not need to add to it by reading about two engaging but definitely dysfunctional characters.
I couldn't put this book down and it twists and turns in amazing ways. But the ending was a stupid, dumb, unbelievable and disappointing mess that could've been much more clever!
I really liked the book until the ending.  I hated the ending.  This is the first I've read from this author.  I'll give her another chance to redeem herself with the next book.
I spent quite a bit of time feeling a disconnect between the story I thought was happening- and the story I was reading.Clever 'twist' - not sure if I woudl read it again.
The plot became somewhat predictable and contrived, so that it was hard to believe in the characters, and the extremes of the wife's plotting everything down to the last detail.
This book is clearly a chick book and displays the feminist movement in plane and simple language.  Recommend to anyone who wants to learn about feminist thinking about control
This is one screwed up story! Don't get me wrong, it's well written, but scares the crap out of me! When someone asked me about what I was reading I couldn't even explain it...
I did like the suspense, but I didn't particularly like the story being told from each character in their on chapter.  That's just my feeling.  But overall it was a good novel.
Great way to kill time.  Exhausting trying to keep up with layers of thought put into the characters' motivations and justifications.  All in all well written and entertaining.
There are some stories I will only read once.  This is one of them.  I really don't like any of the characters, but they are written well enough that the story kept me reading.
This was a good read, but its really not all its hyped up to be.  It starts off really well, but the ending could have been so much better.  think it will be better as a movie.
The author was able to spin a promising scenario and provide the reader with many options to think over... then the finishing treatment was both anticlimatic and unsatisfying.
plot kept one's interest and the reader cared about the characters. The back and forth switching between characters' points of view was somewhat off-putting for this reader.
Only a woman could write a book like this, and I think only a woman could enjoy a book like this in all its contrivances. As a man, I can only say I regret wasting the time.
Due to the extreme popularity of the book I expected it to be pretty good, but was very disappointed. It's just another trendy thriller that isn't particularly well-written.
A bookclub book that I regret buying. While it was entertaining, it was also very simply written and rather predictable.  I wish I could have borrowed this from the library.
The book is dry well written with some I retesting plot revelations.  It is a quick read.  It didn't blow me away, but I'd recommend reading if you have a little spare time.
The books drags along, following the narrative of two people until they reach the same timeline.  The last 20% of the book rushes through the conclusion , and a weak ending.
Sometimes when I don't know what to read next I will look at the bestsellers list and pick one. Often this is a pleasant surprise and occasionally it is dreadful -take the Twilight series or 50 Shades of Grey for example- Both books had atrocious writing and yet were ridiculously popular. This book was promising in the beginning although disappointing at the end as it turned out to be too predictable. Perhaps the writer did too well creating her character but from the outset I had the mystery solved and I would assume that anyone with half a brain would as well. So..if your IQ hovers above 80 you can skip this one. If not you will love it and find it highly entertaining.
The characters became too two-dimentional as the story unfolded. The ending lost momentum and became an anti-climax, perhaps because i don't understand the american psyche.
It took a while to get into the story, then there was an interesting twist, but from then on, it was pretty ""predictable"". I didn't like the end of the book at all.
I really couldn't put this book down.  I loved all the twists and turns.  I just didn't like how the author choose to end the story, a bit of a let down, although I get it.
Great complex plot gets a hurried and unrealistic ending. Amazing discussions about relationships and it is written in a fun format, but I'm disappointed in the conclusion!
Found the plot to be a little predictable. Though I did enjoy the ""Cool Girl"" insights. Some of the storyline about Amy's psycho obsession was too over the top to believe.
Once I started i couldn't stop reading!  but I was very disappointed because the ending didn't make a lot of sense which upset me a bit. Nevertheless I still recommend it.
I really didn't like either main character - too self centered and either unwilling or too lazy to work on the relationship.  Kind of a ""war of the Roses"" feeling.
While the story is spellbinding initially, the author seems to run out steam 2/3 of the way through. It becomes too melodramatic. The ending is simplistic and frustrating.
Well written  though completely implausible with 2 of the most dislike able main characters ever committed to print.Hard to understand its spectacular success.Dr Feelgood
At first I thought this book seemed to be ripped from the headlines, but then the twist came which I loved!  I really thought it deserved a more thrilling ending, though.
Although I found the complexity of the twists and turns by the author admirable, I found the book to be disbelievable. I think it would make a good Lifetime movie choice.
The story had several twists and turns with an unpredictable, surprise ending... The ending totally blew me away -I don't know if I was disappointed or just surprised....
This book was difficult to ""get into"" but once the wife disappeared, the plot was creative and adventurous.  I think the main characters were crazy, thus my review title.
a mystery-thriller that started out good, but left something to be desired at the ending.  it seemed like the author couldn't quite figure out how to punish her bad girl!
A very strange read, not my usual genre. Read it as part of a book club at work. It was very well written I just couldn't identify with any of the characters. Different.
I had heard great things about this book, so was eager to read it. Maybe my expectations were too high. It's certainly a page-turner, but somewhat disappointing overall.
I just found these characters to be over the top with their behavior.  Well written but I really didn't like the characters.  They are a sad commentary on our society...
I could not put it down.  A friend said she hated it, because inher life there were no people that evil-sick.  I don't know what that says about how much I enjoyed it...
Well written book but depressing.  No redeeming value or lesson to learn.  I finish the book and felt terrible.  Not how I want to feel after reading a book for leisure.
..at least for 3/4 of the book; I couldn't put it down. The ending is what ruined it for me, but you be the judge. Definitely worth reading. Suspenseful if nothing else.
The suspense is well-done, but I found the plot too far-fetched. At times, Amy -- one of the 2 main characters -- felt more like a caricature than a credible character.
The story was good, but reading the people's mundane thought processes was boring and tedious. This was my first book by Gillian Flynn, and I wouldn't read another one.
It's not long before the reader realizes where the story is going.  And what a terrible resolution to the problem.  I think the author got lost somewhere along the way.
I couldn't put the book down. I was hooked and then it just ended. I was  extremely disappointed although the book was very well written and well conceived-very clever.
Starts out exciting, mysterious and clever. Ends with the most boring let down ever. So disappointing! Hard to believe it's been a best seller so long. I'm unimpressed!
I know it's a best seller and I enjoyed it up to a point.  Should have ended the book sooner, after a while shock value was lost and i kept wishing for the book to end.
Loved it.  Quite the page turner  characters were very real and loved and hated them at different time.  Absolutely hated the ending.  What was the author thinking?????
I was disappointed because it was very predictable.It was a book I was able to put down! This book didn't keep my interest like most books recommended by other readers.
this book started really slow and I almost quit reading, but it did pick up and I thought it was well written and entertaining. I hated the way the book ended however.
Strange story. Wanted to read book before seeing movie. Prefer endings that make some sense but this fit with the pointless plot. Probably wouldn't recommend this one.
The first part of the book is a real page turner and really kept you guessing. Worth a read so I won't say ant more. And it's above the quality of your average mystery
The beginning was a great set up the middle had a nice twist the end fell flat. I was some excuted for him only to be terrible disapointed by the final outcome. Crazy.
Really hard to get into the book. Didn't like the characters until the woman turned out to be evil. Ending sucked. Needed the good guy to win for me to like this book.
It was just okay and had a lot of potential and then it just died at the end.  Nothing was resolved, its like the author didn't know how to end it, so she just didn't.
I thought the book was ok and I enjoyed reading it but it seemed a little drawn out.  I think the story could have told with about 50 less pages and not lost anything.
The book really had me addicted with a big twist but the ending was a big disappointment. I did enjoy how well written the book was and how the characters came alive.
Only a 3 star rating because I hated the ending.  Enjoyed the book and would recommend it to all without a word about the ending.  Let all root for Nick.  I still am.
Gone Girl was a little too cheesy.  Too much fantasy.  vocabulary and structure were good.  The female lead was unbelievable, other characters were more recognizable.
Slow beginning, very entertaining, creative and captivating body, and disappointing ending to this novel.  I am not certain that I read a sequel if it were available.
Suspenseful ... Unpredictable....unrealistic...but certainly a sad commentary on modern marriages.  Makes me question the sensationalism of the nightly news reports.
A little hard to follow but stay with it.  You really learn your characters before you get into the meat of th story, so you are strung along with those in the book.
I found the book to be hard to follow in the beginning.  I almost did not read it but it finally got better but did not enjoy the ending.I would not recommend.
I enjoyed the book. It's well written but had figured out the ""surprise"" long before it was revealed in the book. And yes, that's before the movie came out.
I found the book engaging but felt the style and plot used gimmicks more than style. I'm sure many people enjoyed it but I just didn't like the characters or style.
It was a good book and i look forward to her others but it but ended so abruptly. It seemed to take a while to get into but was very insightful and smartly written.
Riveting psychological thriller but plot deadens. A little over halfway through I found myself asking why go on and on? I was over it. Last half could be condensed.
I was never able to feel any compassion for any of the characters, especially the main ones.  There was nothing uplifting about the story - just a ""downer,
I heard others raving about the book but I thought it was just ok. I found the entire thing to be a little anti-climactic as well as the ending to be disappointing.
This book started out kind of slow but made up for it in some pretty good plot twists. I was so excited to see how this story would end and I was very disappointed.
I love murder mystery books however I didn't enjoy this book.  I found that the book didn't hold my interest.  It was a little far fetched and unbelievable for me.
Loved it (as most reviews suggested I would) until about 2/3 of the way through.  Then it just got repetitive, I got bored, and the ending to me wasn't believable.
It ended as it must; no way around that. I liked the ""He says, she says"" aspect of it. I didn't throw it across the room like I did ""The Collector
I pay attention to the book ratings to help me decide what to buy.  Gone Girl was just okay.  I got through it but I found the plot far too predictable.  Boring...
Starts out well but the last third of the book is rather contrived and the ending is terrible. Idea for the style was great but just didn't hit the mark. C+ or B-.
It kept me reading but left me not totally satisfied.  I could not identify nor sympathize with the characters, nor  was their lives developed enough to understand
It was a good book but not among my top list.  Hard to understand how it could be on the best seller list so long.  In my opinion it was just ok not a blockbuster.
This book had an interesting plot but the ending was a real groaner. If you like all your loose ends tied up in a believable neat package this book is not for you.
. . . very disappointing. I expected more of an unexpected ""WOW.""  Compared to the plot it was very ""blah.""  I hope the movie has a better ending.
Was disappointed in this book. Especially because of all the hype. Started strong but finished weak. For once I'm hoping the movie will be better than the book...
Took me awhile to get into this novel...book was ok..think younger people would like better ..I was disappointed .People my age felt the same way as I did..
I really wanted to love this book but I really couldn't.  The ending sucks big-time.  It was long and pretty drawn out.  It is sad what marriage can come down to.
I would recommend this book, it gets a little redundant throughout some parts but overall I liked it.  Has some surprises I didn't see coming throughout the book.
I went back & forth between liking & hating this book. Some parts were written very well while others were poor. The ending was the biggest disappointment for me.
So many reviews have covered the plot and I won't repeat that. I just want to add that the book is insightful, intelligent, interesting and really wonderful, until about three quarters of the way in. Then it becomes so strange and difficult to believe that I found myself losing interest. The ending was abrupt and honestly unbelievable. There is just no way two people could have behaved that way. And maybe that was the point, that Amy was gearing up again by the last page. Anyway, the ending left me wondering what happened. In the acknowledgements she does say she could not figure out how to end it, and unfortunately, it shows.
Thought, with the rave reviews, this would be a page-turner. Hard to get into, and a surprise ending, which didn't make any sense at all. But then, it's fiction.
I found this to be manipulative, too unbelievable, but the flow was fast enough to keep me turning the pages to see what moreoutlandish thing would happen.
Too much cussing. Not everyone talks that way. Professionals lacked credibility. Very suspenseful with a good twist. One of those books that is hard to put down.
I'd give this 3 1/2 stars if I could, as I was glued to the pages. However there were a lot of twists in this book, which made the overall read feel inauthentic.
It was alright, but I've read better.  Didn't like how it ended.  It was a little slow and I was hoping the story would pick up, but it didn't.  Not my favorite.
The story was somewhat interesting, but neither protagonist was sympathetic. It was not possible to identify or become particularly involved with either of them.
I thought the book was a good read, but the ending was a HUGE disappointment. When I came to the end of the story I thought, ""that's it"". A real let-down for me.
Had my attention throughout until close to the end when it became really unbelievable.  Almost seemed like the author just didn't quite know how to end the book
I read Sharp Objects do first and loved it. This book was not as good but still somewhat enjoyable. I didn't care for the ending. I do however love her writing!
The story started off great and was very intriguing, but the ending really sucked.  The ending was unbelievable.  The villain couldn't have gotten away with it.
A slow start, the book grew into a twisted and disturbing marriage gone wrong. I was hoping for a different ending, but an overall satisfying, suspenseful read.
the back and forth is sometimes confusing. youhave to read a while before you know who is speaking. What is the end of this? is she going to end up killing him?
Nicely written but far from believable.  Should have ended much sooner. Fun read nonetheless, thanks to the dark humor on deceitful matrimony in midlife crisis.
I suppose there are people like this in the world.  The effect of how you are raised and the priorities put on your life definitely affect your thought process!
It was an intriguing story,but I was not impressed with the writing style.I thought that the ending was unsatisfying.To sum up, it did not match the hype.
I bought this book on a coworkers strong recommendation.  This book was very exciting with lots of amazing twists and turns but the ending left me disappointed.
Filthy language alert. The book is well written and suspenseful; however, the characters had no redeeming qualities. I was very disappointed after all the hype.
Interesting plot....well written. Moves along slower than I like. Main character becomes annoying and incredible.  Others that I have spoken with feel the same.
Though the book caught my attention I didn't like it much. Found the plot to be very twisted. Very different style of writing. I'd recommend to give it a pass.
I had to get used to the way the story was written - in diary form.  It just seemed weak at points and was beginning to lose me.  I did like the ending though!
Great read after about half way through, but didn't care for the ending after such a build-up. Would not want to be married to any of the ladies in the storey.
I liked it until I knew they would get back together again and then I found it disappointing as I really did not like the character of the female in the story.
Enjoyed book for the most part but it was hard to suspend belief especially when the main male character took his wife back after all the crazy things she did.
Almost the entire book was hard to put down- pretty suspenseful and some interesting twists.  That is why I was so disappointed by the end, very anti climatic.
It does keep one hooked, I felt it has ended up with a cliff hanger, as if there is going to be a sequel. I hope so, otherwise the end was quite an anticlimax.
I was told by friends that this book was so terrific. It took me a while to get through it. I found it a little slow and not quite as interesting as I thought.
Almost lost me during the first one third of the novel.  However, I'm glad I hung in there through the ending.  On balance, I think the book is way over-rated.
I read this already knowing how the movie was cast, so it was interesting reading the characters as their cast counterparts. Not spectacular, but a good read.
A very predictable book.  Both of the main characters were very cunning.  They deserved each other. Thought it would be more exciting.  Rather ho hum reading.
I was hooked right up through the end ... but the ending was such a huge, anticlimactic letdown that it kind of ruined my feelings about the rest of the book.
The product itself is fine...but...it took a long while to get into the book, and the ending was very disappointing.  Can't say more, or I might give it away!
This story contains a dark psychological plot - contains absolutely no joy, light or humor.  An almost ""tedious"" read with a disappointing conclusion.
Did not enjoy this storyline in any aspect.  Kept reading in hopes of sudden improvement, then morbid curiosity.  Would not recommend under any circumstances.
I love the voices!  The interior look into the event as the participants act is just wonderful.I really like the up to date swing of the writting.
I read it in 4 days however, when I got to the very last page, i wasn't so entranced...I wished for an alternate ending...one with as much energy as the book.
I enjoyed the book very much.  Ms. Flynn is an excellent writer.  Nevertheless, I was a little disappointed with ending.  I would, however, recomend the book.
I did not like the ending!!!!!!!!!!  Amy should have been convicted of murder after the baby was born.  Why would a child want a mother like her.  Three stars
I didn't enjoy the ending whatsoever. I read the reviews before  purchasing, and it was pretty split. I wouldn't necessarily recommend it, but didn't hate it.
Loved reading this thriller, page turner with surprises at the end of every chapter. I was hoping however for a more justified ending, slightly disappointing.
This book was well written and gave a twisted yet eerie, pretty dam close to real relationships point of view in an entertaining and grab your interest story.
I really enjoyed this book.  Lots of twist and turns.  Well written but it seemed like the author didnt know how to end.  To bad.  Very dissappointing ending.
Great beginning and middle...horrible ending. Really! A disappointing ending to a book a recommended as I was reading it. Should always finish a book first!!!
Well, this book starts off rather slowly....no, very slowly....then it gets better.  These two deserve each other.  Disappointed in the end.....sequel maybe?
I was a bit disappointed with this book.  I am turned off by authors who believe swearing is the only way to get your attention.  I liked the story and plot.
Don't deal well with sociopaths and totally ""sick"" weirdos with no redeeming qualities.  I will not recommend this best seller.  I just don't get it!
I didn't particularly find these characters believable.  I understood the flaws of each, but their character and their actions didn't really mesh in my mind.
Until the end - what a disappointment!  I couldn't believe how abruptly it took a wrong turn.  Loved it until the very last chapter, so still worth the read.
I don't get it.  65 weeks on the list?  It's well written with an interesting turn of events but I could certainly ""put it down"" at any given point.
The beginning started boring the middle was good the end kinda flopped but overall ok. A read if you need something to move onto but not a total page turner
Whoa!  Didn't expect that outcome.  First half of the book was a slow build up and totally throws the reader off.  I didn't like the back and forth so much.
It took me a while to get really into the book and when I finally did,I couldn't put it down..............if keeps you on your toes but j hated the ending !
Overall fine, nothing special.  Good beach reading.  Not sure I would recommend it, but it went quickly.  Like others, not sure how I feel about the ending.
It took me a while to get into this book, but once I did, I was HOOKED!  I loved it....until I got to the end, then I regretted the time I spent reading it.
The plot was very clever and the writing good.But, I did not find the 2 main characters at all appealing --weird people in an overly clever plot
I loved it up until the ending. It left me thinking what the heck?!? I still want to see the movie because I'm curious to see if it stays true to the book.
Story is very inventive- but makes you wonder just why these people did what they did. And yes, you can see how it all happened ---- but do we really care?
Found this hard to put down but disappointed as it developed ( or didn't). I felt she got half way through and then decided on a few twists and overdid it!
.Had a hard time getting into the writing style. Could easily put the book down the first 1/3, then it became more intriguing.  Didn't care for the ending.
The book was well written, and suspenseful, but it reached no conclusion in the end.  I expected relief for Nick, vindication, a happy life, but not to be.
really thought this novel was going to be better than it turned out to be. Easy to figure out his wife was framing him and very disappointed in the ending.
This was a fast paced story. I found none of the characters admirable or likeable. Very far fetched. Kept me interested but too over the top & poor ending.
I put this book aside three times before finishing.  Not the worst  book I have read but close.  Guess I expected a happy ending...or justice?  But...duh!!
It was an absorbing read, but in review it was quite far fetched and the main characters were not credible. I think it could have ended more appropriately.
The book was pretty interesting, hearing from 2 perspectives made you want to read chapter after chapter.  However, it wasn't my favorite book of all time.
book turned into a major disappointment. I actually enjoyed her previous books. Could be described as sexist as it definitely was written to please women.
This is a book that will leave you thinking it over whether you liked it or not. It is full of mystery, false leads, cads and other despicable characters.
Good novel, and I enjoyed the presentation of the two characters points of view. I was disappointed by the ending which I thought was abrupt and contrived
I find the story seen it read it before. I couldn't really get into it and found it very slow. I still have not finished the book and it's been two weeks.
I did not care for the way the story ended.  She should have been brought to face what she did to all those people and he shouldn't have been such a wimp.
I enjoyed it up until the final few chapters when it got mean and controlling.  I felt it should have taken a little while longer and made it not so evil.
After all the hype on this book, I was expecting a fabulous read.  It was okay, but not of the caliber of Harlan  Coben or David Baldacci.  Disappointing.
Very unpedictable ending.  Easy read  but far reaching the believable.  Author did her homework and thought it was written well from the character‘s view.
Want to fantasize  about weak people - this is it. Not the ending anyone wanted to read. Sociopathic from start to finish. Who writes this stupid stuff?.
Until the last page, I would have given this book five stars. Not a fan of the ending. It builds and builds into this completely unsatisfying conclusion.
The interesting story line kept me reading. In the end, however, I didn't really like the characters very much, and didn't love the book-it was just O.K.
Very strange story - I felt betrayed at the end - the whole story was built on a lie.  I can't imagine why it was, and still is, on the Best Seller list!
Starts out very dull...picks up n the 2nd half.  If I had not been confined to a hospital bed, I probably would have given up!  Some good twists, though!
this book and a thriller that keeps you wanting to read.  My only criticism and the characters are so psychologically impaired that is loses its realism.
Character development a little lacking. Is the ""girl"" borderline personality disorder? Something just doesn't ring tru and grab you as it should.
Some of the time I couldn't read fast enough, it was a real page turner, but I have to say I don't think it's as good as everyone who is raving about it.
Story line was great with many surprising, unexpected twists. I enjoyed reading the book and had a heard fine putting the book down Disappointing ending.
Started out good, but honestly the middle and end was so convoluted and contrived, I barely finished. I only did out of principle but not worth the time
For being a top seller I don't get it. The book was somewhat predictable and hated the ending. A few good twists though that keeps you a bit interested.
Good at first. The first third of this book is really good, the second third drags on for entirely too long and the last third infuriating. Sucky ending
the book gone girl was okay.  there was nothing surprising about the story.  I like more mystery to my reading.it did not keep my interest .
I struggled to finnish this book, it did pick up near the end though, the characters were all very unlikable so it was difficult to connect with anyone.
I hated being left hanging at the end. I desperately wanted closure for everyone. It felt like a cop out like the author got tired of writing the story.
A friend talked me into reading this story, I still am not sure what all the hoopla is all about.  I`'ve read a lot better books, this one is different.
I really enjoyed the book and I was planning on giving it at least 4 stars until I got to the very end of the book. The ending really ruined it for me.
Thought it took a while for the story to get going, was halfway through before I started to enjoy the book. Felt the ending was a a bit of anti climax.
I couldn't wait to read this book but I have to say maybe I was expecting too much.  It was a good read but not as good as people were going on about!!
I  enjoyed reading this book.  It was for our book club.  But I wouldn't rate it any higher, or to be on the NY best seller list for as long as it was.
Gone Girl - So far it is ok... I'm still reading it. Not much conversation going on. Like i've said before I'm still reading.  Hope it will get better.
This page turner was fun to read.  However the ending was a big fat disappointment.  With all of the suspense you'd think the ending would follow suit.
Just finished it and I thought the ending was well, blah.  Anticlimatic. Reading Gone Girl has not made me want to read other novels by Gillian Flynn.
i think the writing of this book is good.  i just found myself completely despising almost everyone in the book and that made it hard to keep reading.
Very suspenseful and interesting story plot that really picks up at the halfway point. However, I didn't like the ending because it didn't make sense.
A bit depressing, but picks up somewhere in the middle.  Didn't like any of the characters, but I guess that was the point.  Ending was disappointing.
Kept me intrigued and involved throughout the entire book but unfortunately it had an absolutely terrible ending that quite frankly left me pissed off
I enjoyed the book, but was disappointed with the ending.  It was just a little flat.  Also, after a while the characters got to be a little annoying.
This was a good read but my sense of justice just could not handle the ending. I don't always need a happy ending but this was a bit hard to stomach.
Very slow start but keep reading because about half way through the books it starts to have twists and turns and you won't want to put the book down.
In the beginning, I enjoyed the story but by the end I was saying, ""NO!"" Why did it end that way?.. Either do a sequel or an optional ending.
Simply, much ado about another murder. Interesting plot but the machinations to get to the who-done-it had me abandoning the book for days at a time.
Both main characters are whack jobs!  They are despicable people and  deserve each other!Jumping from person to person and times are confusing.
The book was Okay, but did not live up to the hype.  Maybe I just understood what was happening instead of being shocked.  She is one twisted woman!!
It semed to me that the novel was a bit complicated with too many charaters to keep straight. The ending while surprising I didn,t consider realistic
I really thought this would be a smart, interesting thriller.  I did not find it to be so.  To me, it was predictable and the stuff of old tv movies.
Gone Girl is a psychological thriller with many twists and turns.  However, it eventually becomes predictable and the ending leaves you disappointed.
Very disturbing book   strange characters who i actually wanted to read about  .But what was the redeeming message?    I could not take anything home
Language was terrible. Justice did not overcome evil in the end. I would never recommend this book to anyone. It is suspenseful,but ending is a dud!
Am I the only person who didn't 'get' the ending? Or was I just expecting something more dramatic? Perhaps I had just gone off Nick and Amy by then.
This was an interesting book, but it didn't seem as good as the ratings made me think.  Just an interesting story, but I don't think more than that.
Interesting, but nothing that piqued my interest for long, which means I could put it down .I don't know if I would read another book by the author.
For what was called the ""Breakout Book of 2012"", I was very disappointed. Kept reading waiting for the really good parts.  Hated the ending.
Good
Ok h
Good
okay
Slow
Good
Good
Good
Excellent writing, just not my genre.  Others in my book club LOVED it. My rating reflects the average--because there were several differing views.
I enjoyed the first half to three quarters immensely and found it well written and gripping.. The remainder slipped too much into melodrama for me.
I was disappointed in the ending after a promising start to the story.  It is the only book by that author I have read and I would not buy another.
Pretty forgettable read. Not particularly well written but decent. Would not recommend this to a friend. And I don't have four more words to write.
It was slow.  But it did have a good twist at the end and that was good.  If you can hang in there and stay with the characters, it is a good read.
I liked the book but was disappointed by the ending. The beginning and middle had me excited for a great finish and it seemed a bit ""safe"".
I did not like the way the book ended. It left a person hanging and wondering. The story had a lot of twists and turns in it which was interesting.
really good story line but weak WEAK conclusion. disappointed by the drop off at the end. wish the novelty had made it all the way to the last page
I was really into this book, until the end.  Great character development and plot.  But the ending lacked substance.  Looking forward to the movie!
I had a hard time with this  book. Couldn't put it down but like it was a horrible wreck you can't turn away from. I hope few people are like this!
Most of the book moved along pretty well. Definitely knew what was coming, but it still kept my interest, but was completely deflated by the end...
This book grabbed me and sucked me in, it was so good. Great build up right up to the disappointing ending. So I liked it but the ending sucked!!!!
Not my kind of book, but there were a number of good twists and turns which I didn't expect. Well written, with interesting psychological insight.
This was an okay book. But it was not nearly as good as people made it out to be. It pulls the reader in quickly but there was some depth lacking.
It took me a while to get into it, but about half-way through, it got really interesting.  I did think the ending was lackluster and unsatisfying.
This book has an interesting start, lots of plot twists and was a good read, but in the end it left me feeling that I hated all of the characters.
I just don't feel its finished, and I am upset by that! It took awhile to get into the story, and then for it to end that way. It is disappointing
My wife saw the book reviewed on TV so asked me to download from Amazon. Interesting story telling approach. Worth reading. Little long and wordy.
I started the book with high hopes.... by the middle it was moving so slowly that I didn't want to pick it up.  I did, however, enjoy the ending.
I didn't like this one so much. It took to long to build up to the point. The thing with the father coming to the house. Just not my way to a end
Couldn't wait to finish the book & GET DONE with these horrible people & this truly gruesome tale of gallows humor with no redeeming value!uplift
Very well written - I had to read to the end but it seemed to be about two people both with ""issues"".  It left a nasty taste in my mouth.
Neither of the main characters is someone that you care about. Some of the other characters seem like  caricatures rather than believable people.
Book could have been five star if it had a clear ending. Great story material with a lot of suspense but it just fell flat in the ending chapter.
this was a very strange book...the ending off the wall..  don't people have to pay for their crimes any more???not a good example of justice.....
a lttle confusing to read since the story jumps around.  Also, did not like the ending...after the whole story unfolds there is really no ending!
Terrific psychological thriller. Enjoyed the cat and mouse game with the reader in the first half of the book. Not so keen on the ending though.
This book did not live up to the hype.  It was initially suspenseful, then just pathological.  An ok beach book but I would not run to buy this.
terrible ending !!.......still terrible as before !!....bad beginning and really bad end !.....the middle was ok.....what more is there to say ?
A well-crafted fiction about an individual's capacity to turn self-righteous indignation into a clever scheme of revenge and deadly retaliation.
I found this book just okay - disappointed as having heard a lot about it prior to reading was expecting a much better read.B Murray
A good book that kept me guessing. I thought the end could have been a little better. That Amy was something else and was not to be played with.
Once again over-hyped and just an okay book-I liked it but expected so much more. It was basically the same crazy woman story told another time.
This wasn't my favorite read, but was differently interesting. Could have moved quicker. I would hesitantly recommend it to my selected friends.
The likeability quotient was missing in ""Gone Girl""along with the disappearance of the main character.It is still an OK summer read.
This was a great story until the ending...I was sooooooo diasappointed. Just to give you a heads up! It was a page turner and then it was over!
Found this hard to get into but eventually got into and found it hard to put down.  Felt that the language in the book wasn't always necessary.
Not read her before, but will again, an interesting twist to a regular who dunnit. Liked her writing style, not too complex to overly detailed.
Great book from the start. Wonderful flow throughout. Horrible ending. It felt like it should have wrapped up somehow. There was no resolution.
The premise was fascinating but I was disappointed with the ending.  It didn't need a happy ending but it certainly needed a satisfying ending.
A thriller most of the time. Sometimes hard to believe.  Sometimes boring.  Written well with many good details.  I don't know anyone like this
Starts off great, lots of turns and twists.  Very unexpected ending, you will be very surprised.  Decent vacation read. Not book club material.
A lot of twists and turns to keep you interested...a good weekend read, anxious to see the movie version coming out soon to theaters near you!
You need to rewrite the ending or make the book longer. Maybe you could extend the last chapter. I want that bitch to get what's coming to her
A very slow start great middle disappointing ending...unique and interesting storylineInteresting to see what the other books are about?
This was a very refreshing story, but started a little slow for me.  Once into the story it seemed to pick up, I would say just stick with it.
Disappointed in this reading.  It was not what I expected it to be. Kept reading to see if there would be better development within the story.
Seriously creepy book. Really! Interesting but no justice and I am never satisfied when justice is not appropriately dispensed to a wrong doer
I was hoping for a great read  but was disappointed.  Silly story,  would make a better movie than book with a good casting, which is unusual.
Good book but quite forgettable.  I found it a bit predictable - but I do read a lot of books.  Overall a good quick read but nothing special.
Plot was slow to develop.  Failed to captivate.  I never really liked or hated the major characters...which is important to me.  Disappointed.
i wanted to read this book since it is popular.i liked it but thought the last part was on the stupid side.it just had a disappointing ending.
Well,  it was very different and a bit of a challenge to read.  The last few chapters were interesting, but the ending was just plain pitiful.
I loved the back and forth in the story.  It reminded me of Lawrence Sanders novels.  The ending was a bit disappointing.  Overall good read!
This book was on the best seller list for so long so I bought it  I found it rather dull  except for the last few chapters not so interesting
Not a bad read but I really didn't like any of the 2 main characters very much, in the end I wasn't blathered what happened to either of them
Kept me reading to see what would happen next. Would have liked a ""different"", more satisfying ending.May recommend to friends.
Story of two self-absorbed screwed-up individuals  - good writing couldn't overcome this basic drawback in the story.  Don't waste your time!
but put it down to read something else, will get back to it soon, I hope.  It didn't open as well as I thought it would, but I won't dispair!
Strange style of writing.But it was interesting once you realised what was happening.The ending was disappointing but I guess it fit the tale
Story was intriguing though pace slowed in middle. Also lead character could have been more mufti-faceted to add more complexity to the plot.
This book dragged on and on. I had trouble finishing it, but when I did get to the end it was the most disappointing ending I have ever read.
I haven't finished the book yet so I don't think I can give it a proper review.  When I finish it I will be happy to give it a proper review.
The format was good.  Cannot recommend this book.  The ending was not believable.A mystery was created and the ending was unsatisfying.
the book was well written,  I was hooked on the book, but in the end I found it to be just another social path sicko.... Very disappointing.
Good book, slow starter but great once you get to the ah ha moment.  I only give three stars because I am a sucker for fairy tale endings...
I was disappointed in it as it was too quirky, more of a mind game that a mystery novel.  I probably won't buy more novels from this person.
Kept my attention, did not care for ending. Left me wanting , closure  for nick, closure for Amy. Did not expect the book to end this way!!!
Actually liked the book but not the ending.  However, after thinking about it - believe the main characters got exactly what each  deserved!
An interesting story with lots of twists & turns, quite dark & disturbing at times, finished it, but wouldn't recommend it or read it again.
the beginning was very good/  at about 52% it started to get unrealistic and not believable.  i am reading the rest only to see how it ends.
I had higher expectations for this book since it was selected selected as one of the best of 2012.  I found the story line to be disturbing.
First third of novel excellent, then it became contrived, wordy and boring - thought I had found a novel worth reading - back to nonfiction.
Enjoyed the read with the twists and turns. Felt sorry for the husband in the end!He got punished more than he deserved....A sequel perhaps?
The concept of this novel was intense and gratifying. However, It fell short of what it could have been.  The ending was lacking creativity.
I enjoyed the read, but found everything unbelievable.  The mystery unravelled slowly, then took a dark, twisted turn and then went all over the place.  The ending left me unsatisfied and confused.  I think it was written to be a great page turner, but a lot of true character development was sacrificed in the process. Especially at the end.  But, I did find it intriguing and definitely recommend it for anyone who enjoys a thriller.  I just thought the story could've offered more.  It had so much potential and the writer is so talented.
I didn't enjoy this book. Maybe it will make a better film. A far fetched plot with unlikeable characters and a even more unlikable ending.
Loved it...for the most part, but the second half was not on par with the first part.  And I was not thrilled with ending.  Just saying....
The book was decent worthy enough to finish, but doesn't grab your attention right out of the gate. Give it a chance it might surprise you.
Book kept me reading, but it was definitely a bit unbelieveable.  The ending was (well, I won't say because that would ruin it for others).
I really did enjoy the book. Except for the very last page. I truly hate stupid endings and in my opinion that was just beyond stupid. Ugh.
It was okay, the story drug out for awhile, well written but difficult getting through it.  Some might find it more interesting than I did.
The story moved along soooo well and then the author lost her way and couldn't find a satisfying or surprise ending.  Lending library only.
Good picture of Missouri.  I thought the author was wandering with her concept.  She got the stage set, but didn't know how to end the play
I loved it up until the end, but the ending left me disappointed.  The book was highly recommended to me so maybe I was expecting too much.
I liked the book a lot until I came to the ending.  DId not find it believable.  Thought of ten other endings I would have written instead.
Girl Gone was an interesting book, very cleverly written but a bit drawn out in places. Ending was a bit far fetched.An average read.
Starting out the book grabbed me. I wanted to know what happened just as much as Nick and the police. It kept me interested and then... nothing... just nothing... I feel like I was led on this terrific journey to be shown my garage. I really think the end could have been done better. I flipped back and forth thinking I missed something. Maybe its just because I like things wrapped up that the end bothered me. I would recommend it to be read and maybe someone can tell me if I just didnt get it.. was there an inside joke I missed?
Enjoyed this book very much, but the ending was quite abrupt and left me hanging and pretty much thinking ""what just happened""????
This was a page turner but the characters were shallow and it was hard to like either of them.  I thought the twist was a bit predictable.
Gripping thriller , reasonably well written , dissapointing ending and was not thought provoking .good book for a long train or plane trip
Did this book just end, really?  Just like that?  Not too bad,writing  was okay,  terrible ending. Four more words before I can hit submit
Good book.  But just felt a bit irrational at times.  Guess i just wasn't that surprised.  Too many things fell by the wayside in the end.
Is there a sequel? Did part of my book not download?..........The end was very abrupt....I didn't get it....Great book that isn't finished
This convoluted novel definitely was not my ""cup of tea"". To be on the bestsellers list for so long, it was a real disappointment.
It was fun figuring it out questioning reality throughout.  Not totally shocked or surprised at the outcome but satisfied with it overall.
Based on this book being #1 bestseller, my expectations were high. The book was average. As many other readers, I did not like the ending.
Could not put thee book down but the twist in the end left me slightly confused I ended up rushing through overall the book is a good read
Part I & II are good.  Reader is pulled into the history of Nick and Amy's marriage.  The rest of the book was not at all what I expected.
I didn't care for the writing story at all.  It was clever toward the end, but I really had to force myself to get through the first half.
RARELY DOES A BOOK COME ALONG WITH CHARACTERS THAT HAVE SO LITTLE REDEEMABLE  OR DECENT PERSONALITIES.  pITY THE POOR CHILD...............
Fairly good read, but rather disturbing and unsatisfying ending.  Certainly keeps your attention and there are plenty of twists and turns.
This book was good and worth a read.  I am very critical of fiction writing, and this author is really very good.  The dialogue was believable and the storyline compelling.However.  The first half of the book was far superior to the second half.  Once I saw where the second half was going, I was ready for the book to end.  And when I finally got to it, I was disappointed with the books resolution.All in all, if you like mystery/thrillery kind of books, you will enjoy this book enough to give it a go.
A little too much introspection for my taste.  Also, didn't find our ""hero"" such a ""Golden Boy"".  Calculating victim too.
Story starts out with a bang and then becomes very formulaic - plus there is no resolution at the end!  Left me feeling very unsatisfied.
This book had me until the last page. Then I realized it was the page! What? I had the same feeling after the last scene of the Sopranos.
Recommended to me by a friend who loved it.  I haven't finished it yet but it certainly grabbed my attention.  Looks to be a good choice.
I liked this book until the end...it was a little disappointing.  The writing style is unique but the storylone is a little disturbing...
The first part of the book is very interesting but the story becomes far stretched and difficult to believe. However, it was a good read.
Interesting read, really didn't like the ending. Didn't like the idea of some poor innocent child being born to these particular people.
The first half of the book dragged on. Once the author revealed Amy was alive my interest picked up.  I was disappointed in the ending .
Book is great, and you really get into the characters.  Liked the back and forth story telling of main characters, but HATED the ending.
This story was entertaining until the inane and nonsensical ending . Another example of mediocre popular fiction. Don't waste your time.
Did not care about any of the characters - except maybe the homely police detective and the crazy sister.  Hard to really get into this.
I have to admit that it kept me engaged, but the ending was awful. Rather disappointed. Don't think I'll be buying anymore of her books.
Catchy story and good writing but not terribly ""deep""--and I didn't really like the ending, but I guess that's part of the catch
Involved some good plot twists. Clever writing, but the story dragged on a little long.  Overall a fun read with interesting characters.
I loved this book, it was engrossing, the twists the turns... I was disappointed with the way it ended, but oh well can't have it all...
The book was an easy read, but the ending left me very disappointed.  Too many loose ends.  Too many ""unrealistic"" conclusions.
The ending was terrible.... completely didn't expect that. The writing was great though. Different than I figured it would be I suppose
See my headline i.e  it was quite interesting, enthrauling  and engaging....then it really got drawn out! I suppose so does marriage!!!
Great beginning very suspenseful and entertaining ending was a HUGE disappointment not worth all the suspense to be let down in the end
This was a page turner.  The ending was not satisfying.  Disappointing,  makes women look bad. Doubt if I would read this author again.
The story was so good I couldn't put it down.  However, the end was a total disappointment.  I felt there must have been pages missing.
Started out strong. Liked the twist.Could have developed more of the other characters and made somebody likable. Ending was weak.
Did not really go for the gone parts, but the back and forth writing was interesting.It was a read I would have preferred not to go to.
This book is a good read, holds interest and has a mega giant twist at the end. This book would make a good quiet weekend getaway read.
No closure at all. I hate the ending! Could there actually be people out there like this? Is the whole world demented?  I'm disgusted!
I found the beginning of the book very boring it didn't hold my interest it picked up a little but I'm still trying to get through it.
A novel about a vindictive, spoiled mentally unbalanced young lady...Out to get her husband because of numerous slights on his part...
The story was different and had many twists and turns. However, I found the diary sections too long and started skipping through them.
The end was unexpected which is what made it interesting. Took a star off because it tends to ramble a bit, which I found distracting!
A book written in first person by the two protagonists of the story and the story keeps you guess who the antagonist is until the end.
I thought this book was ok, but with all of the hype this book was getting, I expected it to be better. It was a little disappointing.
Good fast pace story, didn't care for final part. Felt I had washed time , with unsatisfing ending. I did not see all the high praise.
The writing style kept me glued to this novel. The ending left me in limbo, not the best way to end such a captivating detailed story.
After all the hype, I thought it would be really good. I was disappointed... It wasn't deep enough, I guess, but I can't pinpoint why.
Disappointed with ending. It could have been good, but it was unimaginative and flat, without the same power of the rest of the book.
I did enjoy this book. It was an easy read and grabbed your attention, but the ending felt like she just ran out if paper to type on.
Based on all the hype, I expected this to be much better. Thought it was kind of dark and depressing. Wouldn't necessarily recommend.
The initial start of the book was a bit confusing.  It took me quite awhile before I became interested. It was good after I continued
well written, but I was expecting a different ending...  It keeps you on your toes as it switches back and forth between charactors..
The book is confusing for quite awhile, the individial ""diaries'"" are funny.Look forward to more by Gillian Flynn soon.
The writing was good but unbelievable that someone could merit out so much punishment, and the other person not know the real reason!
Gone GirlBoth characters were sicko's, then they were going to bring a baby into the world.  Not my kind of a theme for a book.
Hated the way it ended.  She was such a devious character, and never did get her just desserts. Now I have to worry about that baby.
Very exciting story line but drags out a bit.......Could have been told in fewer pages with more complicated personality conflicts..
I had a difficult time getting started in this popular book ... not sure why.  It was a selection for our local book ""club"".
Loved the whole thing but the last chapter! I guess the author didn't call me! LolGood read.....left open for a sequel, maybe.
The writer's style in this book does not appeal to me.  I don't care for the ""skipping back and forth"" between protagonists.
Took a while to get into the book.  Then it made sense.  Love the way it was written,  however didn't have an ending.  Dissapointed,
Almost great. So disappointed with last quarter of book and ending. Author ran out of steam or publisher insisted on pat conclusion.
It was cool but i think i read too many reviews saying how great it was. I really only thought it was okay. Also, sort of depressing
I bought this book as a ""splurge"" given the good reviews i had seen and hey it was #1 on the best sellers list!! I enjoy a good mystery with a little bit of romance thrown in and this book definitely had both.I was excited to get to the end ( i had read a review stating the ending left you feeling punched in the face) and boy was i let down. I felt like i was left hanging,i really don't care much for an ending that leaves you wondering (unless it's a series). I am sorry to say that i wasted over $12
The book was hard to read at first. Strange ending. The only way to get the best of all of it was to try to make it so much better.
It moved along and was well written, but very strange premise. I was amazed by the twists and turns. Not sure I would recommend it.
There was too much back and forth and disconnected  he said she said  the ending was okay but it was too bad it had to end that way
Meant for a much younger audience.  Think the film will be better than the book.  Ben Afleck hopefully will make it a better story.
Plus :  Great writing.  I couldn't put it down.Minus - Horrible subject matter.  I wish I had been able to put it down.
This chick is insane.  It's like a modern day Fatal Attraction but not impulsive.  It's calculated and disturbing.  Strange ending.
Crazy but compelling in its own way.  The dialogue is rough, and the plot has its flaws, but one wants to find out how it finishes.
I enjoy reading about people with character and integrity - not mental illness unleashed without growth and hope for humanity, sad.
Somewhat of a page turner. Who is manipulating whom and what is left of the main protagonists after all the drama and manipulation?
Did not like the ending.  Unbelievable.  Stupid.  Even bad police work could have solved this murder.  Good story until the ending.
I purchased this book to have a fun and thought provoking winter read. Unfortunately, I figured out where it was going after Part 1
This is a decent book but not as good as I anticipated it to be.  It is gotten so much hype,I thought it would be more interesting.
The story was good, but a sad commentary on our society.  Desperate measures, adultry, job loss, ailing parents...too much reality!
this book was incredibly boring until about halfway through. The twists kept me engaged, but the end is surprising. Stick with it.
Great read. I was quite absorbed and the story was unpredictable. The ending left me hanging, that's the only thing I didn't like.
The ending left you hangingDon't know how it stayed on the best seller list for do long.Would not recommend to friends
What a great book to then be disappointed by such an un clever ending. I was disappointed. Not sure if I want to try her next book
It was very long, slow and drawn out.  Although it wrapped the story up pretty well in the end, it took way too long to get there.
Took me almost three chapters to figure out how to follow the story. Once I did, couldn't put it down. Interesting writing method.
As captivating as this book is, it's not what I would wantstaying with me - and stay it did, for all the wrongreasons.
not great.  the writing is excellent but the story is weird.  i didn't like any character in this book and that is a first for me.
I liked this book. I didn't like the ending. I prefer for evil people's to get what's coming to them. But Amy was a brilliant liar
Started out slow but hang in there it gets very exciting.  There are a few surprising twists!  Leaves you with a smile in the end.
Considering all the hype I expected more. Good premise but end was disappointing and dragged on a little.Good but not great.
I heard so much about this book, and how good it is.  I thought it was good, but somewhat predictable.  It was a slow read for me.
Good read, loved the characters but hated the ending.Sorry! I hear they are making a movie,,I hope they change it up a bit.
This book was a disappointment ! I thought it could of been better.I did finish it but felt like the ending could of been better.
I am not disappointed I read this book, but the story line did become unbelievable.  The ending did seem to just drop off as well
The beginning was good but it dragged on and became a bit far fetched. at least it ended on a good note - i.e. left you wondering
Interesting story line.  I was conflicted as to the killer.  I found the book confusing and hard to read at times.  Disappointed.
I've ordered many books but this one took almost 3 wks to get. Took myMoney from my account the day after it was ordered...
Enjoyed book. characters were very interesting. Good read. Disappointed with the ending. Not sure if I would recommend it 3 stars
I was disappointed with the way the book ended; not sure it made sense and had no feeling of reality.  Book did keep my interest.
Kept waiting for the characters to develop and then I waited some more and nothing really happened. I just wanted more substance!
Long and contrivedI found it repetitious and it didn't move along.  Too much detail that made the story unbelievable.
A story full of twists and changes not knowing what direction you were headed... I can say the ending just blew me away... REALLY
I was just lukewarm about this novel.  It just seemed hard to believe; didn't convince me.  Can't understand why it's so popular!
The story was clever and convoluted.  Don't want to give away the ending, but didn't like the way it ended, where is the justice?
Tale of a sociopath. Typical lies and maneuvers with disappointing ending. Expected more after all the good reviews. Overly long.
An OK read...Not the kind of story I needed to read through and not put down. It was a bit hard to embrace any of the characters.
Didn't like the writing style.  The second half of the book was better, probably because I finally got invested in the characters
The book is written in an interesting fresh style. The first section is the most exciting.I found the ending disappointing.
Ending sucked. Left me hanging unsatisfied -wanted there to be closure ... Unless there is a continuation.  Well written though.
Started off very slow but had a nice twist in the middle. It gets better after page 150. Psychological minds and murder mystery.
Spoiler Alert:Begining was intriguing. I couldn't put it down. Very disappointed with the way it ended. Is there a sequel?
guess I'm not a mystery fan and didn't like the husband/wife conflict...sure it was different, but not to make up for storyline.
I am really surprised that people rave about this book.  It had me at the beginning but then it turned cheesy with a bad ending.
This book started out really well but became very gimmicky toward the end. I enjoyed Gillian Flynn's first two novels much more.
Found the story line to be disappointing.  Maybe I am just too much of a romantic, wanting things to turn out better in the end.
This book was outstanding. Until the end. It's like she just gave up and quit writing. Very weak ending. Ruined the book for me.
Don't get me wrong. It was a good book. But predictable.... And strange, odd even. Definitely not the best book I've ever read.
Finished it because I wanted to know how it ended but didn't really enjoy the book.  I don't understand all the hype around it.
Made fun of Missouri. Well written story that was entertaining and kept me interested. Ending was a bit different. Decent book.
Enjoyed the characters and their circumstance in life. Story line seemed to make sudden stops and quick starts. Hope you enjoy.
The book was a little slow to get started, but it ending was pretty good. It is worth reading if you think you'd like the plot.
Book had a couple interesting twist but was not award worthy. The book just ended...more ending was needed to make it complete.
Held my interest very well / just not a life changing book whereby you'll come to some new understanding. Great popcorn though!
Good book and I enjoyed the witty sarcasm within it. Is there going to be a second book? I felt there wasn't much of an ending.
I was wishing for a more understandable ending.  I was left hanging and  not really sure what the ending of the story would be.
This book kept me interested the whole time, that last page kept me wondering. This was one of those books that stuck with you!
I couldn't put it down in the beginning but it kind of fizzled out, as though the author didn't quite know where to go with it.
I am surprised that I found this book so captivating.  The characters are despicable and the writing not particularly skillful.
I was enjoying the book the whole way....until the end.  I did not like the ending at all. I felt there should have been more.
It was on the best seller list for so long I thought it must be a good read, but alas, not so.  I finished it but wondered why
I liked this story right up to the end. I prefer a book that wraps up the plot but I felt that this one just left it too open.
but is does get better as the book moves on.  The prose does flip flop between decent and childish.  Good book to escape with.
Quite a few twists and turns but pretty unbelievable, I managed to finish it but more from stubborness than being enthralled..
I found this story disturbing but even more so, annoying.  I liked the premise but it just got a bit carried away with itself.
Nothing succeeds like deception, and this is what Gone Girl is all about. Sick, perverse, and compelling all at the same time.
Read this quickly--it was definitely captivating, but also a little too predictable in certain parts. Maybe a good beach read?
Great book til the last page. I'm pretty sure that this is the most frustrating ending I have ever come across. Disappointing.
I had no idea it would end the way it did it was an intense book and I'm still going thru things in my own mind about the book
Loved it but let Down by the ending..... Kept my attention though. I couldn't wait to read every night until I figured it out.
Liked this  book until the end. It was so ridiculous and not at all what  one would expect after such an underestimating read.
So glad I don't know anyone like this personally.  Made for interesting reading because the character of Amy was so out there,
It was a real page turner, however, the ending left something to be desired. For such a thrilling novel, the ending fell flat.
I disliked the endingshould have cleaned it up not finished I just like a complete story. the wife should be in jail uh
A good thriller, though may twist your mind about roles in interpersonal relationships and trust. Thanks Dan n Maz (I think?)
I loved the beginning but it failed to keep my attention till the end. And the ending- really???? Not bad, but didn't wow me.
Very slow beginning, exciting middle, disappointing end. Needed more closure. Possibly a sequel in the work s?  Three star s.
It was definitely a page turner and very suspenseful and although I didn't really like it or her, I couldn't stop reading it.
Finished the book and the ending was not as expected.  The story switched back and forth too much to sometimes follow easily.
The was slow in places but I wanted to stay with it til the end. The ending was kind of a let down, but still not a bad book.
This book keeps your mind moving and jumping. Gillian Flynn has a very active imagination. I enjoyed the twists in the story.
Whilst the book kept my interest throughout, being quite a page-turner, I felt a bit disappointed and unnerved by the ending.
Novel was fun, but also over-hyped. Was expecting a lot of twists, but was hoping the overall story would be more believable.
it was okay, but not as compelling as I had hoped.  It did not keep me on the edge of my seat so that I couldn't put it down.
absolutely hated the ending and was very disappointed.  However, the author did a very nice job with her character portrayal.
The wife disappears and the husband is blamed. The more I read, the less I liked either one. Both are liars and game-players.
I hope she is planning on writing a sequal becasue the ending left you.......the book just ended. The book just left me flat!
The first half was boring but you have to get through it to have the second 1/2 make sense. I was disappointed in the ending.
Not as good as the hype would lead one to believe.  The beginning was obvious. The middle was good. The end was unsatisfying.
The book was recommended to me by several people . i was engaged immediately  and could not put it down.   I hated the ending
Different ending than I expected. I wish there would have been a finale - justice being served. It kept me reading though :)
The book started off great,  but the middle dragged on and the ending was horrible. I was disappointed how the story ending.
The characters were very unlikeable.  The plot twist at the end was good, but overall it was a slow read and just not great.
The read was good the whole way through, lots of twists and turns, but the ending left me much to be desired.  It was weird.
Interesting, different, not truly memorable.Three stars.At the end of the day I didn't really like it. So there!
Kept my interest throughout the book, and enjoyed the twists in the story, though found the ending a little too far fetched.
I liked it this boo... just didn't love it.  I was definitely not fond of the ending.  Hope the Ben Affleck movie is better!
Slow beginning. Not the ending I had hoped for. It's psychological madness. However, I had really hoped for a better ending.
Heard so much about this book and read it on holidays but it was just okay- most other people seem to like it better than me
This book was okay, nothing great, wouldn't encourage me to read any more of the authors books. The ending was useless also.
It was hard to read not a lot of action did 't keep me interested, I finished the book just to hopefully get a great ending.
I am surprised that I finished this book! The start was so boring and odd. The middle was gripping and the end was unsolved.
This book is a very easy read, suspense makes it a page turner, but in the end, the book just left me feeling unsatisfied...
i thought the beginning was very poorly written.  The story was strange, I got bored with it and fed up with the characters.
A long drawn out mystery that got interesting if you held out for the first 100 pages. Quite good after the initial chapters
The novel is a decent mystery with some unusual twist turns and ending. The conclusion was surprising as well as unexpected.
I was staying up at night reading this book - it was a real page turner.  The ending was so anticlimactic - what a let down!
This book was well written and a fun read. I loved that it was written in two voices. Kept my interest. The ending was scary
the book kept my attention for most of the hours of my breaks, but when you reach the ending, you feel really disappointed.
That's it""  is what I found myself saying as I read the final page.  Fantastic book with an unfinished feeling at the end.
Was surprised how vulgar some of the language was. Some great metaphors and imagery, but I like a more conventional ending.
I enjoyed the book, but have absolutely no respect for the characters after reading it!  Amusing read if you have the time.
Not my favorite book but fast paced and an okay summer read. Not sure what all the hullabaloo was for. Just an average book
weakest ending to any book I have ever read.  The story was good but the ending was beyond anti-climatic and disappointing.
I enjoyed this book but it isn't anything groundbreaking.  It is worth your time but go into it with subdued expectations.
Just not my kind of book.  Did not like the ending.There must be lots of normal people out there with interesting stories.
This is not the type of book I usually read,  I found it very clever.  A very twisted plot.  Not a very appealing heroine.
This book had a strange story line.  It did keep you guessing throughout the book. I didn't like the unsatisfiying ending.
However, I cannot recommend it to a friend, because the ending is too bizarre and unbelievable.  It's really such a shame.
The book starts out great but fizzles in the end.  Great build up to such a let down ending, like the author just gave up.
The promise of suspense and mystery were what pulled me in, but the characters were not likable, sympathetic, or credible.
Good character development and ingenious at times, I'd equate it with a 30 minute sitcom stretched to a full length movie.
The author seemed to be aiming for something more literary, but landed short. It was sensational in a tabloid kind of way.
The ending leaves you hanging. I wanted some type of closure. Go didn't do much fir the story either. Good but not great.
This novel had its moments where I couldn't put it down. The ending was disappointing pretty much like their marriage! 😒
Highly overrated. Much of it was expected.  Have no idea why everyone else loved it so much, so I was quite disappointed.
Husband says it was ""ok"", but by that he usually means it was good, not excellent.  I have yet to read it myself.
Had me guessing and in suspense. But the ending was a huge disappointment.  I would have had Boney and Nick get together.
It held me until we started her story and that was realy far-fetched and she wasn't an interesting character.  Poor baby.
Well written but did seem slow at times.  I was a little disappointed in the ending...I didn't expect it to be so abrupt.
Interesting...but I didn't like any of the characters much. I would not recommend this book to anyone else in particular.
It felt like the book just stayed at the same pace the whole time, not a lot of excitement but an interesting story line.
Wasn't thrilled with the format but definitly got more interesting further into the book. I kind of predicted the ending.
The book is interesting and keeps you guessing for a while.  You begin to suspect and wonder, naturally, what has gone awry in this marriage.  Then finally little clues throw in surprising twists and telling details.  And no sooner does Flynn have you thinking one thing...you find out something else, which breaks down what you thought you knew.  Basically, it's a page turner--in the beginning.It becomes clear what is happening and why. You realize who is responsible for the horrid turn of events in this marriage (although both husband and wife clearly have their own inner demons that they are fighting).And while some aspects are believable the notion of infallibility when it comes to setting up the perfect crime is a stretch, especially for someone who doesn't have a background in law enforcement or forensics (the get-away-with-murder plan is completely self-taught by watching cops shows and reading crime books).The ending was quite disappointing considering the fact that the individual responsible for murder and other crimes faces NO real questioning by law enforcement.  Poorly executed ending, but I won't hold that against the writer.  There's solid writing, good suspense, and nice character development that can't be ignored.I think I would have been sold on the ending if there were some close calls (e.g., being called in for questioning on the basis of suspicion, being jailed for a night until bail was posted, spotty evidence that just didn't stick, having someone of the law make a ""knowing"" remark to the perp in passing).  The tension in the book is directed at only one person and there's never a real moment that matters when something is found out that's causing the criminal to feel like things have gotten out of hand or isn't going according to plan.  Never.  The criminal is always cool, capable, calculating, and always, always in control.  It seemed very skewed from the beginning because there is clearly one person in charge the entire time and everyone else is 10 steps behind.I wouldn't care if the ""suspect"" (using the word loosely because the person was never really considered a suspect by police to the degree as to be pursued) got away or not.  It was just hard for me to buy how things ended. It just seemed unsatisfactory.3-stars: I didn't think the book was horrible.  I quite enjoyed reading it.  But when I got to the end it felt like a ""What, that's it?!"" moment.
It was a hard book to stay with. About mid way through it got better. Not sure if I'll read another book by this author.
I enjoyed the book but totally disliked the ending.  I felt there should have been more closure.  What happened to them?
A lot of plot twists, disappointed on how some panned out. Characters are likeable and easy to despise at the same time.
not a book I would rave about to my friends.  Felt like it was taking forever to get through.  I didn't like the ending.
Well written story. Makes me question the mind of the author and feel sorry for her husband. Disappointed in the ending.
This was a great story of intrigue and twists.  Kept my attention - enjoyed the escapisim.  Highly recommend this story.
Although the plot is good, some of the language was too rough for me.  The characters are written strong and persuasive.
I didnt like the way the chapters alternated between the characters. The story was interesting.I didnt like the ending .
Its OK, a little hard to get into. I'm about 3/4 of the way done and I'm really looking forward to find out how it ends.
It jumped around a lot and was sort of hard to follow but my main dislike to the book was the constant foul language ...
loved the book.  hated the ending.  im glad i got it from the library.  it did keep me guessing and for that i loved it.
Strange, weird, good but different, kept loosing interest in book,  should I try her other books??  We will see I guess
I guess after all the hype I expected more. I knew what was happening from the beginning and knew what would transpire.
I felt like there should have been a better solution than that.  The characters were too strong for such a wimpy ending
It was a bit unrealistic. From a psychology viewpoint, people just don't behave like this. It was just okay, not great.
Too much on characters and too little on plot.  Very difficult to get into and only became interesting halfway through.
It was a disappointment ---did not like the characters.  Do not recommend it-there are too many good books out there!!!
I'm left wanting to know more... good, easy read. Keeps you guessing throughout the entire novel.  Not what I expected.
It's hard to put down, but the only redeemable characters were minor. I left feeling more frustrated than anything else
Good reading but maybe a little to bazaar.  It was entertaining.  The author has the makings of a great mystery writer.
Very popular book, but the story/theme doesn't sit well with me.  I found it depressing and wishing I hadn't chosen it.
This was a a very good book until the last few chapters. It was as if the author got tired of writing and just gave up.
It took a while to get going but once it did, what a story!  The ending totally deflated me, wanted to rewrite it ha ha
Neither the man or the woman main characters were like able.  The book felt like the beginning of a story not finished.
Gross. I felt I had to finish the book, to know what happened. But the characters were so unlikeable it left me angry.
I liked the book but not quite sure about the ending. It's definitely interesting to say the least. See what you think
The first half was slow; around the halfway mark, it started getting good, then it closed with a disappointing ending.
Gone Girl was a real disappointment. The main character was a real drag.  I didn't like the ending.  Pure and simple!!
A good thriller in the style Patricia Highsmith, though not as original in concept. Perfect book to read for holidays.
The book was great! It was captivating enough, however the ending left me wanting more. I recommend it as a good read!
This book has some great twists and turns. Gets a little slow in places but all and all a decent read... Give it a go.
This book held my interest but I didn't love it. I also was not shocked by the ending. Saw it coming. Easy beach read.
I really didn't like this book I guess  because I really didn't like Amy and Nick. Especially Amy really made me sick!
I'm not too keen on books that are written in 2 different accounts of the story.The ending was a disappointment.
This book was entertaining and held my interest, but I was disappoint by the way it ended.  It seemed to end abruptly.
Good book, kept me interested and wondering.  Many twists and turns.  It also was easy to read.  The ending however...
Had a difficult time getting into the story but got more exciting as I got into it. Ending kind of leaves you hanging.
I thought this was just okay. A little predictable. The writing wasn't spectacular. Didn't care for the ending at all.
Read for book club. Don't like violence or thrillers, so didn't finish, although well-enough written. Quit book club.
Good story line but the language is VERY BAD. The worse I have ever read!!!!!!!!!! The reason I am giving it 3 stars.
The book definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat. Definitely worth reading. Loved the unique writing style used
This had a lot of twists and turns but it was a little long. I didn't live how it ended but I couldn't not finish it.
Book was good but the ending was ridiculous.  Don't buy.  Get it from the library or a friend if you want to read it.
I enjoyed the book until the end. Well written. Some of the character development seemed kinda of sketchy or lacking.
This book had me up until the very last page. Disappointment. Dear Author: consider an alternatge ending or a sequel.
I liked the book for the most part, but felt it was almost too...flat, and repetitive. I much prefer ""Sharp Objects"".
I considered it the best book I've ever read until I got to the end. The ending should have been completely different
I expected more after hearing so much. hated the ending as after reading her character I wanted her to get her dues.
Written well but little too boring.“Twist” is not a surprise at all. Felt like wasted my time reading it
convoluted, which is a good thing, I suppose, but I felt the characters were not believable, good for summer reading
I just couldn't get into this book.  I perfer true crime.  So many twists and turns.  I was surprised by the ending.
Too long but had its moments. I found it to be a bit annoying in places but my Bookclub chose it so I had to read it
A story of families of non-normal to psychotic characters who merge to try to outdo one another in lies and revenge.
Story was a little hard to follow at first, then it got interesting, then the ending fell flat.  I was disappointed.
this book was not the best story that I have read. The ending of the book seemed rather rushed. Ok to pass the time.
The book was a fairly good read with interesting twists and turns - a few surprises. The ending was a complete flop!
Boring at the beginning but picks up and moves along well until the end when she leaves you just hanging at the end.
kept you you hooked throughout the book, but the ending was a disappointment. I would have liked a different ending.
Really, why all the hype about this book?  I didn't find either of the main characters at all sympathetic.  Skip it.
It was not as exciting asd I thought it would be since it was listed on the best sellers list of our local newspaper
The story was very predictable;  I thought the ending was awful.  I was surprised; most people loved it!  I did not.
I dislike both horrible characters. If this wasn't a book club choice I would have deleted it before I finished it.
The story grasp you from the beginning but then lost all the logic and common sense. Absolutely HATE the ending!!!!
The book had intriguing twists, but the ending drug  on all too long and seemed unrealistic and unsatisfying to me.
I loved this book until the end. Another reader said they went back and reread once they knew the outcome. I won't.
It was so well written. The storyline could not be predicted and twists were great; but in the end it left me flat.
The book's beginning was a bit slow, but once the twists andTurns began, it was really good. Would recommend.
I really enjoyed this book.  I really hated the ending.  After all the time I spent reading it, I was disappointed.
Didn't like the ending- slow, more character building than about crime and murder, which is what I was looking for.
the book was amazing right up until the ending. The ending was horrible. I really hope there will be a second book.
Unique story that you don't really see everyday. Took a while to really get hooked but was a very interesting read.
I did not like the ending of this book, but otherwise it wasnt a bad book. But i would recommend reading this book.
This book was nuts and I don't think I like the ending... maybe I just got lost though... might be worth the read.
There were a few good twists and turns, but most were predictable. It was still a good read. I would recommend it.
I personally didn't like it. Everyone was ""raving"" about it so I read it, but I didn't personally like it.
I thought it was really good until the end when it felt like the author was like, ""I got to wrap this up.
Great story but felt like the author ran out of steam and didn't know how to end the story.  Disappointing ending.
When it kept skipping chapters between Him and Her, It seemed confusing to me.  Therefore it dragged out too long.
I loved this book, but really hated the the ending. It had a good thing going until the ending. It kept me hooked!
This may be the most horrific book I've ever read or it may be one of the best. Either way, it held me spellbound.
Lots of repettion which was not needed, only for filling pages. I feel this book was overrated., you be the judge!
This book is very well written and has some excellent moments. However, the ending was not very satisfying at all.
The book was okay. There was a lot of suspense leading up to the end, but I didn't think the ending was very good.
Kind of finished up where it started off. Not one of the best books I have read. I'd give it two and a half stars.
Story moved at a good place. Great depth of character. But I thought there were holes, and an overall weak ending.
I enjoyed reading it but disappointed in the ending.  You need to read into it quite a ways before it comes alive.
Many twists and turns but the ending was not anything I expected.  Kind of a let down after all the ups and downs.
this book was a fun read, a little predictable but i enjoyed it and wanted to keep turning the page. worth reading
Not much to say as it was not one of the best books that I have ever read...only so-so. That's all I have to say.
it was ok, did not like the ending, sounds like a sequel is coming, looking forward to see what the movie is like
Twists kept me reading but really did not care for ending. Doubtful I will read this author's work in the future.
I love a good build up but I a having a hard time getting into this one.  Maybe as I read it will get better
Its okay very readable but a bit confusing. I felt that both the main  characters needed a good hard slap!!!!!!!!
I liked the first person narrative from the main characters, but I did not like the ending.  I like good endings.
I need to be able to relate to at least one character on some level to find a book worthwhile but this book . . .
I felt the book was VERY SLOW. Once it picked up (at 53%), I at least finished the book just to see how it ended.
I devoured every word.  Would have ended it when she showed back up and left readers to compose their own ending!
I was not thrilled with this novel.  I felt the author did not know when to quit.  It is pretty much forgettable.
Good read on the Kindle but not one of the best books I have read recently.  The ending was a bit of a let down..
The book was good but the ending was a bit lame. I felt it was a let down after all the twist in the book itself.
Author did a great job of getting inside the minds of the main characters and the reasoning behind their motives.
after reading the entire book the ending was a big letdown.  I wanted to see the situation resolved in some way.
Great read that keeps you guessing. Flynn is at the top of the psychological thriller heap. Never a dull moment.
Interesting and has its mystery well woven.Rate is as a B+ story.  Glad  I have a chance to read it.
This book is great, you won't want to stop reading it! Gone Girl keeps you guessing right up until the very end.
Gone Girl  was not a great read and really slow and a little far fetched would not recommend it as a summer book
But not great.  The layout of the story was the best part, butI didn't like the writing, Short and choppy.
Good book, had some interesting twists... I felt like the ending was short or like it was rushed to be finished.
This book kept me wanting more but I wasn't satisfied with the ending. Felt like there was too much left hanging
A good,well written book that kept me entertained and was a page turner. I'm giving it 3 stars for how it ended.
The suspense was good but it was not easy reading-too much rambling. The ending leaves it open  for book no. 2.
Hated the ending! Sometimes slow  and wish I had back the time I spent reading it!  Amy was a true psycho brat!
Very bad ending! I kept saying this just dose not make any sense. Wish I had read more of the one star reviews!
After all the fuss I was expecting better. Still a fun read - wish I had saved it for an airplane or the beach.
Kept my attention, had a few twists, but then just fizzled out. Worth reading if you don't mind crappy endings.
The book started off great, but became predictable. Worth a read though although it seemed to drag on at times.
This book kept you reading.  I enjoyed the emotional up and down.  Couldn't put it down. This was a great read.
Good, but not great.  Alittle too out there.  Didn t like the ending.  Would have liked to she her get her due.
Gone Girlwas an ok read, took me awhile to read it as it did not get my full attention as other books can
The ending didn't clear the loose ends for me. Not what I expected and wanted as an ending. I was disappointed.
I guess I do not like Psycho mystery, too spooky and sick for me, well written and definitely keeps you engaged
Horrible language!!!  The story was good, but I really had a hard time reading it because of all the swearing.
This book did keep my interest., but I did not like the way it ended. I think they left it open for a sequel .
The book was great until the end. The end was lack luster, to say the least. Too bad, it could've been 5 stars
Great twists and turns; I would have given it a five star rating - right up until the end. VERY disappointing!
It was a fun read and often unpredictable at times. At times it was pretty rediculous and strange ending to me
I had heard and read so much about this book that it was a real let-down. dont see what all the fuss is about.
Not a bad read, but it was pretty predictible.  Left the reader hanging a bit, maybe a sequel is in the works.
Great read until ending which I found to be a bit of an anti climaxWell written but would not read again
I had heard alot about it and was a little disappointed in the book. Not bad, but my expectations were higher.
worth reading but nothing special; I expected the book to be much better than it was after reading the reviews
I was really into this book but as I got closer to the ending I realized I would be disappointed.  And, I was.
Great storyline and good writing but I was hoping for a different  ending - left me unsatisfied & wanting more
Loved it.  I highly recommend it.  Ridiculous that you h ave to  write a review.  Kindle is not user friendly.
Gone Girl A Novel  I was disappointed by the ending. It was building and building and then it just ended.
It had a good story line and was original but the ending was anticlimatic and left me wanting a better ending.
This book was O.K. but did not hold my attention very well. Too many twists and turns, The end was anti cimate
It was suspenseful until you get to the end...  I was disappointed in the ending but it was very entertaining.
Meh
Meh
at first I couldn't put it down.. and it's kind of a long book.. The ending was a real disappointment though.
The story was slow going but kept my interest because it was so hard to think any one could be so diabolical.
First half very tedious.  Excessive use of f.... word.  How did Amy have a car without a license plate trail?
I enjoyed the story but wasn't happy with the ending. Maybe a part 2? Just kind of ended and I expected more.
I found the book hard to get into. However once I identified myself with characters I found it easier to read
The book just wasn't believeable.  The idea was too far out there for me to really buy it.  And the ending...
It somewat is worth reading. But the ending sure sucked. Sorry it needed more. I would suggest a second book.
I found this book to be a bit strange. It kept me reading but I felt overall it left me feeling out of sorts.
It is a quick read and holds your attention because you want to know what happens, but has a terrible ending.
Twisted, but it was not quite what I expected. Interesting, but not up to all the hype. Worth reading though.
Haven't finished reading it yet so I can't make any futher comments about it. Will tell more when finished. ?
This novel was very well written and the mystery unravelled in unexpected ways. I didn't want to put it down.
This book flows great and has many surprises, which helps to keep the suspense in check.  Neither character is likable, but as you read you'll see that they're not supposed to be.  I personally don't care for a book that has a less than satisfying ending because it makes me feel as though there should be more, and/or that just possibly, I've wasted precious time investing in a lesson not learned in the end.
Enjoyable but not a fan of the writing style. Does have you wondering. And not the end that I was expecting.
I was really expecting to be bowled over by this book.  It was okay. I don't see what all the hype is about.
Very well written had me wanting to go on to the next chapter.  The ending left me hanging and disappointed.
Started horrible but ended good!  It took 30% before I even got into this book but after that I enjoyed it !
I found it disjointed and I did not like the theme. While I like thrillers this one did not keep me engaged.
I liked Gone Girl but not the very overuse of the ""F"" word. It was not necessary. The ending was a surprise.
Took a little bit to get into this book, but then couldn't put it down. Looking for Flynn's other books now.
Was just ok.  It did not keep my interest in the middle.  It was predictable, and was not a surprise to me.
A little slow to start, but once it does, it's hard to put down. Can't wait for the next installment.
this is definitely a summer reading book as it only keeps you going through all the good drama and dialogue
This was great...but I felt like it was a build up to a boring climax. Pretty Disappointed with the ending.
Didn't find it as absorbing as did others who recommended book to me. I guess I was a llittle disappointed.
I am forcing myself to finish this book...i do not enjoy the format and it is just not holding my attention
Crazy story! Keeps you reading but totally crazy and believable at the same time. All I have to say is wow!
I liked it but got bored with it, it was just okay. I did not like the ending, wish he would have left her.
It started out strong but the ending was a letdown. Almost as if the writer ran out of ideas. Dissapointing
This book was interesting with lots of twists and turns, but it did drag on.  I really disliked the ending.
While it kept my attention the ending left something to be desired--I think it was too hyped ahead of time!
The ending makes you want more. Nicks character at the end was like a puppet.But overall a good book.
Way to long .I really don't know why it was on the top 10 so long. This is book is a 6 1/2 out of 10.
I really like the book, but the ending was a let down. I like how the book went from his side to her side.
Terrible ending!! The book gets you completely hooked in the beginning and is a total let down in the end.
I'm sorry I wasted so much time reading this book. Just didn't think it measured up to such a high rating.
Keeps your interest, many twists & turns. I found the ending did not live up to the hype; good beach read.
This book doesn't totally grab me, I read a few pages a night and at this rate it will take a lot of time.
I got this book for my wife.  It is the type of book that she reads.  She thought that it was a good read.
The bulk of this book was addictive. Hard to put down, and that is why I feel the ending felt, well...rushed. it lost the build and deflated at the very end like a balloon. Now, I get the concept of the ending and what it meant, but it just didn't feel like the same book. And that's too bad because it was a great journey until then. Gillian Flynn is very talented and I will read more of her work.
Hated the way it ended. I was certain that something went wrong in the download of the book to my kindle.
At times I found myself asking:  What do I care about the fate of these two juvenile 30 something adults?
I didn't hate it. But I definitely didn't love it. Had to read it for book club. I wouldn't recommend it.
The ending left me frustrated and like I wasted my time. The rest of the book, however, was a great read.
I didn't t think the book was bad, it was just a little odd. I like mysteries, so naturally I enjoyed it.
A page turner, but I didn't think the ending was very good, it kind of fizzled away. Worth reading though
Even though you can guess the outcome it was suspenseful.This book was chosen as a read in our book club.
I do not understand why this has been on the best seller list for so long.  I found it rather depressing.
It did not grab me. I like a book that's hard to put down.I WOULDN'T READ IT AGAIN.iF YOU GAVE IT TO ME.
The book starts well but as the plot unravels one starts to lose interest. The end is not so satisfying.
Great book until the end. Seemed like the writer ran out of ideas so just decided to end it in 25 pages.
I had heard rave reviews about this book. I kept waiting for it to enthrall me. Good plot a little dull.
Did not like the ending at all, would not recommend it to anyone of my social friends.  Sorry I read it.
It was slow getting into, then I couldn't put it down. But, Disappointed with the ending of this book. X
This book built up great but never really hit the climax. Instead the whole part three was a bit a drag.
thought the concept was good,but the ending left me wanting to throw the book if it wasn't on my Kindle!
I couldn't put this book down.  However, the ending is more than just disappointing!!!  It is terrible.
Did not care for the disturbing and sad personalities. too dark for my taste. Just not my type of book.
Ok read a bit of a stretch that someone could be so naïve and gullibleThe wife was something else
LOVE the twist but hate the ending.  Nothing was  finalized it all just came to an end. Worth the read.
Lots of twists and turns.  But, I thought the ending was a little unrealistic.  But, it was a fun read.
The book gets you interested in the mystery quickly, but soon you figure it out and want the girl gone.
I didn't like the ending but the rest was great.  Full of suspense and twists.  Ready to see the movie
The end was nothing. Feels like I wasted a lot of time to have no end. And Amy should be sent to jail.
Easy read, but not 'thriller of the year'. Starts strong, ends less so. A little bit too wacky for me.
I was extremely disappointed. It was an easy read & it held my interest but I HATED the ending.I
Ending falls flat. The story takes too many turns and is just stupid in the end. I give it three stars
it moves along in a lively way with many twists and surprises....it is a good read for a snowed-in day
I loved Gillian Flynn's other two books and was SO excited that she released another. I loved the writing and the easy dialog. I wasn't however a huge fan of the story, especially the ending. I would still recommend it for people who love a mystery and something unexpected but I would not say this is my favorite of hers. Sharp Objects is still my favorite of Ms. Flynn's novels.
Very absorbing and a nice unusual construct. The ending was a bit abrupt and a slight letdown though!
Ok but kind of predictable. Very good writing and a thrilling novel. Would like to see it in a movie.
Book was hard to put down but disappointing end. Can't decide if Iwill read her other books or not. .
It was one of those books that you could put down - not binding at all. And I did not like the ending
Very intense through most of the book, but I didn't like the end at all.  Genus scheming on her part.
Give me a break. This was so far-fetched, I only read it because it was suggested to me by a friend.
I gave this rating because I did not think the book was very good.  I would not recommend this book.
Although this book is a page turner, it is a bizarre story. There is no one in it that you can like.
Ok book I was a little disappointed as I heard it was really good.  The ending was terrible very bad
Pretty slow till I got half way thru it then got really really good. Then The ending got slow again.
I had this book recommend to me by many people.  I have to say, I thought it was good but not great.
Kept me on my toes until I figured it out. Not the ending I expected or wanted. Hopefully a sequal!
The novel was fairly predictable, and by the end I could care less what happens to the characters.
Can you like a book when you can't like any of the characters and hate the way it ends?  I didn't.
Good book but it felt a. It unfinished for me at the end. Kept me interested the whole way through
I found the book quite boring, at least the in first half. The story is stretched out far to thin.
This book had the worst ending ever.  It ruined the book for me.  I was enjoying it prior to that.
It did not grab me or hold me.  I just struggled to get through it.  Maybe just not my cup of tea.
Not a huge fan of the story.  Was a fun entertaining read.  I will go see movie out of curiosity
I don't see what all the fuss is. It's good enough as a book. It was OK. I'll pass on the movie.
This book was slow to get my attention at first, then got in the middle and lost it in the end.
It took me a long time to get into it. I finished it only because my book club was reviewing it
Very hard to get into, then you ride a wave of mystery and then a complete shutdown at the end.
Not really as good as all the hype. So so. Not a fan of the ending, eh. Fine for a quick read.
Strange book. Started to stop reading but I am glad I did finish it. I want to see the movie.
I didn't care for it at first then I did get into it some it's really twisted and screwed up!
Did not live up to all the hype for me.  Was not the page turner excitement I was hoping for.
I found this book difficult to read.  I was not at all happy with the lack of a true ending.
I knew she wasn't dead, but I did not want it to end the way it did. They were both psycho.
It would have been best to punish Amy. It was a good read but the ending killed it fir me.
It was ok.  Interesting but I didn't love it - felt like it was broken in half to a fault.
It took me awhile to get into this book, but I needed to see what happened in the end. :)
It took a while to get into the book.  Probably halfway through until it picked up pace.
It proved to be too dark for me I really tried not to be depressed about it. to no avail
The book seemed to have great promise with an interest premise and clever writing.  It kept the reader engaged trying to figure out what the outcome would be.  However, the ending was disappointing to the point of making me wish I had not spent my time reading this.One should embark on this adventure at your own risk.
Hated the ending.  Would never have read the book if I had known how it would end.
You can tell it was used but im not picky. in its condition it was worth the price
The book as a whole was Okay. The ending was horrible. After reading the last sentence I asked myself why in the world did I just do that. Rent it from the library, the book is completely free and that way you're not out any money when you're done scratching your head. It's just a shame.
It's OK.  I could not get that interested.  Did not keep me awake reading it.
I guess I am the only one in the world who wasn't a big fan of this story.
I didn't, like the wive. The whole plot  was confusing and unrealistic s
Very odd, well written but difficult to follow.  What a psycho bitch....
Well written but a little predictable at times...didn't like the ending.
OK
Ok
Ok
no
Na
this story starts out strong, with lots of good character development.  it continues in this fashion for quite awhile. this story became repetive, and the ending was not as well developed as it could have been.  I got the kindle edition from Amazon.
I was thrilled with this book's refreshingly new plot and good character development. It is one of those books where the characters are not really likeable, but you want to see what they do next--perhaps thinking they will become more accountable or likeable. The author does a great job at keeping you attached to the characters. Additionally, the plot is refreshingly different from the many ""ho-hum-villian/hero"" plots that are current in print. HOWEVER, I like my books to have a beginning, middle, and end. This has only the first two. I don't think I'll spoil anything for readers by saying that the ending is very unsatisfying. It's as if the author developed a very good story and then couldn't decide how to end it, so he just quit writing. Perhaps it was some sort of philosophical comment on the state of humanity and relationships, but the ending made me wish I had bought another book.
It was a quick, easy read and I enjoyed the twists and turns throughout the book. But I had a problem with the ending. It seems like the author didn't know how to wrap things up so it just kind of finishes abruptly. The ending was a disappointment.
The story kept me riveted and coming back every chance I got.  Interesting twists and turns made me root for each of the characters at different times.  But then the ending!  I was left feeling very frustrated, unsatisfied and somehow cheated.
It would have been very hard to follow if you hadn't reD the book.
Good read, but kind of slow going during the first 100 pages or so.  Almost didn't stick it out, but it ended up getting better.  Would have liked to have seen a better ending.  I guess you could say they deserved each other.
I started off loving this book, but it gradually fizzled for me. What is thrilling in the beginning becomes predictable and dull by the end. Overall I'd say it was entertaining, but I'm not sure if I would read it again.
I was disapointed with the ending! But overall book was ok.
On their fifth anniversary Nick's wife Amy disappears.  This is every true crime story - the husband did it, or did he?  The book is written in two voices - Nick's and Amy's.  The writing is very good, the characters are different and the elements of the story have you shaking your head.This is a LONG book - split into three parts.  You are introduced to the main characters, watch the disappearance unfold and follow the investigation.  Even the ancillary characters are well written and interesting.But the ending is awful.  There is no other word for it - Flynn could have ended this book any number of ways, the way she chose is disappointing at best.I was going to pick up her previous works but this one has left me with no interest in reading anything else by this author.  She nails character, prose and story telling - but you have to end the story without leaving the reader wondering why they bothered.
Good story line, but wasn't thrilled thway it was written.
I started recommending this book to everyone about 2/3's through, and swiftly retracted the recommendation after I finished it. I don't need everything tied up in a bow, but SOME sense of an ending. Heh.
I thought that the book was slow starting but really got good as i got into it.  However, the end left me hanging.  I went back and reread the ending to see if I had missed something.  I don't think so.
I am probably not the right person to ask about this book. I hated the ending because I do like people to be accountable for their actions. Maybe I missed something in this book but I don't think so.
It was very good until the end....kind of disappointing!
Hard to put book down.  Do not like style or language.
This is a remarkably well-written book.  Imagery, word choice, character development.  All top-flight.  I know there are people who will not like my comments but I have to say 'bad choice for the ending'.  What I find so frustrating about this story is this is a very talented writer and I think the ending is beneath her.  It felt contrived and a bit like 'I want to be different' so I'm going in this direction.  It also was completely contrary to the nature of these characters that the author had built out.  If you want a good read, stop before the last chapter.  I, for one, was truly disappointed because it had been such a good book up to that point.
After all the hype, I expected to love this book but I didn't. It was good yet tended to ramble. And I didn't like the end at all. I certainly am not prompted to read her other books.
Really strange mo ie!  Reminded me of a soap opera.
Too much ""ground-laying"" and not enough substance.  The wrap-up was hasty and the ending was singularly unsatisfying -- I was left feeling that a good opportunity had been wasted.
The book was interesting, but when will these young writers realize that using the pre-pubescent f-bomb ad nauseum does not necessarily lend credibility and maturity to a story?
This review is difficult to write without giving away those plot twists and turns that make the book worth reading and which the reader should discover for him/herself.  Nick and Amy are about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary.  They have been experiencing some bumps in their marriage and while Nick is having an affair with a younger woman, Amy is planning a celebration designed to return them to a state of wedded bliss.  But before the celebration can begin, Amy disappears.  There are signs of a struggle in the house, Nick cannot account for his time that morning, and of course the police are looking at him as a prime suspect.  However, predictably, Nick swears he is innocent and is as puzzled as anyone by her disappearance.  So, if Nick didn't do it, who did?  Early in the book, by about page 50, you will figure out the ""who"".  It's the why and the how that remain a puzzle, with clues being slowly reeled out like a fishing line into the ocean.  This is not your run-of-the-mill ""wife goes missing; foul play is suspected; husband seems the most likely suspect"" tale, though it may seem that way at first.In most stories, there is at least one character to love, and at least one that we love to hate.  In this book, there are no truly lovable characters, but there is absolutely at least one very ""hate-able"" character.  Who it is, is for the reader to figure out ... trust me, it won't take you long.  The level of evil in this plot goes beyond anything most of us could even begin to imagine, let alone ever experience in our own lives.  Thankfully.  While the storyline keeps the reader riveted, it was not one of those books that I just couldn't put down until I had all the answers.  In fact, a few times I had to step away from it because the pure evil was just too much.  One character is completely devoid of a conscience, and the rest have not much more.  It was, to say the least, a disturbing read.Gone Girl has, as of this writing, spent 31 weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List, several of which have been in the number one spot.  Despite that, I can only give it a three-star rating.  My complaints:  the plot details were beyond believable, the two main characters were fairly well-drawn, but the supporting characters were all one-dimensional as cardboard cut-outs.  But the thing that really brought my opinion down was the ending which simply left me cold.  Whereas a really good book leaves the reader wanting more, wishing it would go on, this book leaves the reader thankful that it is over. Given the attention to detail and the presumption throughout the book that somehow justice would win in the end, the ending seemed almost as if the author was getting tired of writing and needed to meet a deadline so she came up with a lukewarm and highly disappointing ending to an otherwise adequate story.
I began GONE GIRL being very enthused by the well-paced storyline and skillfully crafted language.  It promised to be a tale about a young marriage, gone awry during the changing events in today's America, which is often fraught with economic and subculture struggles.  It initially offered a believeable theme to which many readers could relate.  If one is interested in how people from the distinct, rival regions of the US can marry and survive eachothers' cultural mindsets, then this book is a good example of 'North Meets South'. But as the story progressed, something in the tale shifted.As the plot neared its end, I became disappointed with the lack of a clear conclusion.  I will admit that writing a good conclusion, and not just 'stopping' a novel, is not easy.  However with this book, I sensed that the author's excellent characterizations could not be 'let go', so the tale sort of peetered out without wrappping up any of the main- or sub-plots.  Maybe the author wanted her readers to get caught up in the mindsets of her main characters, as she seemed to do.Finally I felt frustrated and fed up with the theme that became unrealistic with its increasing angst, agony and one-dimensional character mindsets.  Was this intended as a psycological thriller or something else?  Not sure. Somewhere in the middle of this novel, Ms. Flynn seemed to change her mind about what genre of story she wanted to tell.However the author uses very skilled language.  Her use of changing, narrator perspective is unique and makes the reading interesting.  Her depiction of setting is very good, in that the descriptions are spare, yet clearly stated.Gillian Flynn has talent and I would be interested in her future writing, in order to share in her journey as a storyteller.
Nick Dunne awakes the morning of his fifth wedding anniversary, unaware that in less than five hours, his life will forever be the plot of a Lifetime movie.  While helping out at the local bar he co-owns with his twin sister, Go, Nick receives a call from a concerned neighbor, who informs Nick that the door to his house is wide-open and suggests Nick come home to investigate.  Following the neighbor's advice, Nick arrives at the scene to see his cat (who never leaves the house) sitting on his front porch and as the neighbor had mentioned, his front door wide open.  Stepping inside, tables are turned over, papers scattered everywhere and his wife, the amazing Amy, gone.Immediately, the police are notified and as they investigate and repeatedly question Nick, he remains unusually calm, odd for someone whose wife is missing.  His choice to conceal secrets and consistently lie, leaves the police and reader suspicious of Nick.The narration switches from Nick to Amy's diary entries, which portray Nick as an abusive and negligent husband and Amy as the concerned, obedient and loving wife.  Nick tells one story of his marriage, while Amy's details an entirely different one.Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl"" flows like a Dateline episode, uncovering new evidence and suspects; however, its twists and turns seem a little ""too"" out there.  It's engaging, with unsuspecting surprises around every corner.  Surprises so crazy and unheard of, that it leaves ""Gone Girl"" void of predictability.To delve any further would be to release spoiler after spoiler.  I enjoyed the book; however, the surprises were too exaggerated and dramatic for my personal taste and whereas I prefer ""open-ended"" stories, this one did not sit well with me.
*A Brief Note to Readers: If you find this review ""not helpful"", please take a moment to tell me why in the comment section. Thank you.*Are you bored, dear reader?  I hope you like a madcap and fiendish ride, because ""Gone Girl"" offers it in spades.  This, author Gillian Flynn's third novel (Sharp Objects, Dark Places), is a psychological thriller that illustrates the extremes in human thought and behavior that most of us are too frightened to contemplate.It begins with a disappearance, one that possesses the accouterments of a kidnapping and murder.  Nick Dunne, the husband, is ambivalent about his wife Amy's vanishing - their marriage has been imploding the last few years and he has been looking for a way out.  But when he stumbles upon the clues to a scavenger hunt that Amy has made a tradition of their anniversaries, old affections bubble to the surface.  In over his head, Nick rides a fine line between love and hate while the police search for a possible corpse and decide on him as the prime suspect.The rampant psychopathy Flynn introduces later on is unsettling and all too real.  People like this exist and take prisoners every day, their inscrutable charm and seeming brilliance the shiny hook catching every hungry and gullible fish in the pond.  The iniquity of her characters is complemented by her warped thought processes; her occasional stream-of-consciousness style tangents are the crack in the human psyche, the darkness and depravity within spilling onto the pages.  Both Nick and Amy's voices are frank and immodest, sometimes downright vulgar.  The reader will come to loathe both of them for being long on corruption and short on principles.The mystery/thriller part of Flynn's story is well-plotted, the trail of deception winding and wheeling its way on a steady pace from beginning to end.  But it isn't a ""taut"" thriller in the literal sense - it would need about 50 or more pages shaved off to merit that adjective.  Though Flynn is an exceptional writer, some of her passages are a bit much, one in particular featuring Amy describing a ""Cool Girl"" persona lengthy and rambling.  She also takes her time building momentum.  The novel has a sluggish start, the first of its three parts laying the track for a crazy train that goes at lightning speed through Part 2 and then derails toward the end.  How it all wraps up takes some suspension of disbelief and the last few pages are limp and unsatisfactory.  The denouement is open-ended and has no palpable resolution, giving it potential to affect a reader's overall verdict. I was torn on whether to award this book 2 or 3 stars for that very reason.  I think people feel cheated by it because Flynn spends the entirety of the novel building an appetite for retribution only to yank that dangling carrot away just as a bite of it seems imminent.In short, ""Gone Girl"" failed to meet my expectations.  But Flynn is brilliant.  She is sharp, cynical, delightfully unpredictable, and one-of-a-kind.  The scope of her imagination and her unique voice still put her at the top of my list of favorite authors.  Proceed her work with caution - it is nervy and disquieting, with many more dark places yet to be explored.
Good writing but the ending was disappointing...
I heard from a friend that this was a very good book.  I had a really hard time getting into it though.  The book just didn't seem to ""flow"" to me and I found myself reading the same sentences again and again to make sure I comprehended what the author was trying to convey. Once I finally got into the book the ending came and I was more diappointed than before!  I understand why it ended the way it did and I almost believe that it's because there could be a sequel.  Don't want to give any spoilers so I'll stop here but this will probably be my first and last read by this author.
Involving until the  end..what a letdown..an intense absorbing thriller with a whimper of an ending. Totally unpleasant characters ...who deserve each other.
If you like happy endings where the psycho gets his or her comeuppance, this book is NOT for you!  I just felt sick and sad at the end of it and wished I hadn't read it.  Is it well written?  Yes.  Does it hold your interest? Yes.  This book is very clever and the writer has one sick twisted mind to come up with some of the plot twists that take place.  Essentially, this book is one long mind-f@@@k.  Read it if you like suspense and never knowing what is going to happen next, but skip it if you like endings that right the wrongs.
Started as such a page turner and ended so flat, so annoying- couldn't wait to finish it because it became ridiculous.  The ending truly ruined this book.
Loved the book until the end. Anticlimactic.
was disappointed; hope the movie was better
The ending was horrible and ruined the book
Book is OK but not great.  A little weird.
Good book but do not love the open ending
Not sold on ending, but kept me wondering!Twists were intriguing and well planned--good character build of mostly sympathetic roles.
I was glad it ended when it did.....I'd had enough of these two sick people.....haven't met any like them but suppose there could be some.
I'm only half way into, but so far good.
Better than I thought....worth the read
truly enjoyable book with a poor ending
This was not riveting, but it was O-K.
Weird book; but your sevices were good
I liked this book a lot more when I started it compared to when I finished it. I thought the ending was lame and disappointing.
It kept me interested but was less than what I expected after reading reviews.  I like a book with twist and turns but feel the way the author did this in the 1st half was misleading. I feel the writers adjectives were a little over the top, like a college student trying too hard to be a ""writer"".  Good books take outlandish stories and make them close to believable, or they are such a clever read, the reader may provide the writer with some slack.  I did not beleive the events as they occur (or the characters) were close to realistic and did not feel generous with providing this leeway.  Although not necesary, I tend to enjoy a book where I like or respect at least some (even one)character(s).  Perhaps I'm too idealistic, but it is good to cheer for someone.  There were no characters in this book that I cheered for, that I liked, or respected.  I had no one to cheer on.  That makes the ending somewhat anticlimactic, unfinished, and unrealistic (not believable).  It is OK to have a bad ending where the good person dies or loses, it is obviously great  when they win.  Whatever the ending (good or bad), a dramatic, thought provoking, emotional, or suprising end is useful.  But this book(?)... Did not get any of the above - no real emotion at the end.  It just ended.
The ending was a little disappointing
Started great, but failed to impress.
I felt that the story abrupt ended.Perhaps the author is thinking about a review.The book ends up being a comedy
sorry, but I did not enjoy the story. Maybe if I re-read it I'll like it.I know it is number #1.Guess I'm not impressed.
WELL WRITTEN, IT SURE KEPT ME READING.  AREAL HORROR STORY WITH A DISAPPOINTING ENDING,I have enough stress in my life!
This book sucked me in from the beginning and I gasped out loud with each new plot turn.  I don't want to give away the details, but I was surprised several times!  Unfortunately, it seems as though Ms. Flynn got tired at the end and needed a quick way to wrap up the book.  I found the ending completely unrealistic, bizarre, lackluster, and disappointing.  This was a 5 star book until the wrap up.
Good story, just wanted different ending or more and another twist. Overall book had lots of twists and was well done.
x
I am very in between with this book. Gillian Flynn does have a very unique writing style. There was something psychologically wrong with the main characters (which is the point). It is the first book I have read and did not like the main characters, but it made it more interesting to read.It did start out slow for me but after you got a hang of how it's written, you are hooked all the way to the very end. The ending was definitely a let down for me but I read it over and over and realize the creepy vibe you get from Amy. *SPOILER ALERT* Nick finally said something that got to her. Amy playing her mind games, playing the hero, and after all the things she has done, she feels somewhat guilt in the end. It's not as of a great ending if you don't think about it. Possibly people wanted more action, or some ""great"" future. Or maybe for Nick to ""win"" Amy's mind games. I wouldn't know what kind of ending I would have wanted since I don't like Nick or Amy, but if you think about the ending, it makes sense. However, I do crave more.This book definitely messed with me. It was very out there and bizarre, but that's what kept me reading.
I don't like how she got away with murder.  I wish he had published his work and she would have been left alone.
Psycho characters. Bizarre story.
As an Asian man in his mid 30s I was probably not the target audience for this book. As many of you have already said both of the main characters were completely unlikeable, I mean I wanted both of them dead or sent to jail so they could stop complaining and the book would stop. It often felt like the never ending story, with each turn of the page I found myself cursing out loud at how annoying these people were. They need to get over themselves.Despite my overall frustration with the plot holes and one-dimensional characters I feel that there was some real insight into the psychological state of modern women, a kernel or Truth to Amy’s preposterousness.  My favorite part of the book was Amy’s rant on cool girls and the fact that so many women feel so much pressure by men and other women to be the “cool” girl allowing men to walk all over them and be chill with every small disrespect was a real revelation to me. I could completely see how a life based on pleasing someone else would grow tired. This social commentary on women and how much they endure was my big take away from this rather ridiculous book.
The story is somewhat unbelievable and I didn't enjoy it. I wouldn't recommend it because it has a bad ending.
I was hoping for a better ending
I read the book; no narration.
Well written. Hated the ending
I am one of those readers who reads 3/4 of a book and then stops. I do not know what it is, but I can NEVER finish a book. Not in this case. I read Gone Girl within 3 days because I just could not put it down. The writing is great, the characters are great, the plot is great...until the end.The last few chapters I feel were the ""Crap, how do I conclude this book"" chapters. It got really ""too much"" toward the end. And then...it was done. I was in shock at the last paragraph. I even did a double take like ""Was that really the end?"" I get why it ended the way it did...for one it gives the author the opportunity to write a sequel, but it also allows the reader to make their own ending in case the sequel is never written.All in all this book was very entertaining and I do not regret reading it. If you are looking for a well-written, page turner that is extremely entertaining, then this is the book for you. If you are the type that likes solid, conclusive endings, then you might want to skip.
I thought it was well written. It had a different twist for a mystery. I did not like the ending.
Less than satisfying ending.
The story was good and well written but I didn't like the ending. I was hoping for a dramatic or maybe an unforgettable ending. But it was boring. It's one of those, ""That's it!?"" comment. Needs to be like ""Defending Jacob"" book ending. Now that's how one should end a book.
A very disturbing book.
This started out as such a great story with unexpected twists and turns.  But the last part of the book wasn't a satisfying ending - it felt contrived, implausible, and lacking the excitement of the rest of the book.  Disappointing!
mathew  cuminotto, jr.
Okay. I'm not going to lie. I love her writing; her ability to turn a phrase, capture a scene and make a real character. The story was intense... At first. But it just fizzles. It was like she couldnt come up with a justifiable reason for these two awful people to...well i wont spoil it. It was either that or she got lazy and  threw stuff together to end it. Other reviewers have said ""people who don't like the ending don't understand it"". Well, I do understand the ending. But the reasoning for this understanding is lame and isn't how people in the realworld act. I know these people are crazy (one more so than the other) which is why I find it so terribly unbelievable.So in closing. Ehh.
This was a great story but the ending was a huge, huge disappointment.  I felt like I wasted my time and that the author should have given readers some definitive type of closure by seeing justice done.  Like I said, it was a great story and I was riveted, but the one thing I absolutely hated about the writing was the author's gross overuse of parenthetical phrases.  I don't mind them in little doses, but practically every paragraph had something in parenthesis, which was so, so distracting.  I ending up skipping over every one of them, which just goes to show they weren't needed.  This book would have been half as many pages if the parentheticals had been eliminated.
I bought this book on kindle after reading several reviews that said this book was a great suspense novel. Unfortunately, I thought the book could have been a lot better. The idea of the plot is interesting, but extremely implausible. I didn't like any of the main characters - they seemed so cliche and predictable. The book had its moments...but mostly I thought it was a little dull. The biggest disappointment by far was the book's ending. The author had a chance to redeem her book with a satisfying ending, but instead I reached the last page and realized the book didn't have an ending at all. Save your money...this book isn't worth the price or the time to read it.
Spoiler Alert!I couldn't connect with the main character, Amy - or to say, not any of her characters. I couldn't sympathize with her situation as the totally over the top, not realistic Best-of-the-best wife character. She was too goodie-goodie and therefor more annoying than relateable.  Then she is super wacko but brilliant crazy Amy, who thinks of EVERY DETAIL needed to frame her husband, but then manages to get swindled by two hobo nobodies, so that didn't make any sense. After that, ever twist and turn of the book, just felt like another twist I needed to get through until the book ended. I finished it, but I wouldn't call it a sensational page turner.
I read this book based on some very positive feedback from friends, and I was enthralled...until the last chapter. The ending is unbearably disappointing, I'm sorry to have to say. Up until that point I was reading with a pounding heart - couldn't put it down - my husband would see me reading it during the day, which I never do. I couldn't wait to suggest it to all my friends and family. It is, I have to say, brilliantly written, but I just found the ending bitterly disappointing. Ugh, what a bad taste is left in my mouth. Flynn doesn't need my review, nor does she care, I'm sure. I just want readers to be forewarned.
It was an ok read.
Slow the first half and picked up the second half.  Content a little more interesting and moved steadier the second half. I found it hard to really care about the characters.
This book did keep me intrigued and for the most part, I found myself anxiously waiting to see what would come next. But, I hated the two main characters. I know that given the circumstances of the book, it would be hard to really like either one of them by the time the book ends. But, I really ended up despising both of them - so much so that I think it has colored my opinion of this book. It was very well written and an interesting read so I will definitely check out other books by Gillian Flynn. Thanks to Nick and Amy for killing most of my enthusiasm for this book.
I enjoyed reading
The ending sucked
Once the big reveal happened that Amy was framing her husband, the book became really predictable.  I thought the initial idea of the Amy diary was clever and how she framed him, but it left everything else lackluster and dragging on.  I never found myself rooting for any of the characters.  I felt the ending was flat and without any impact.  I would have ended it with someone dying or something.  Them continuing a fake relationship was not satisfying to me.  Overall it could have been good but instead just became annoyingly predictable.
The writing saves this rather ho-hum mystery. Though some will call it a thriller, it's not and the plot has been overly done. I kept looking for a fresh approach. After a series of financial setbacks and marital disappointments, did Nick murder his beloved Amy? The cops think so, her parents think so. The details are endless and repetitious as the story draws to its inevitable and unexciting conclusion. I kept looking for a twist or two. I know many will enjoy this book because Gillian Flynn is an accomplished writer.
I usually like a book to grab my attention in the first couple chapters (or 20% or so), this one did not.  Several times I nearly decided to quit reading it.  Finally I told myself I would go to 30%, well I kept going, and at about the 1/2 mark, I was finally interested with the twist and turns in the plot.  However, I felt like the authur just had a page limit and had to end it after a certain amount of pages.  Very abrupt ending....strange ending.  Overall, I think about 1/2 of the book as an ok read.
I am a very picky reader, and tend to start books and put a lot of them down...I have to stay entertained I guess.The good:  definite page turner, lots of twists and turns,entertainingThe bad:  not likable characters(which may be a good), The ending development was weak. There was a lot of time spent through the book to develop this story,and it was as if she didn't know where to go(she had exhausted all of the twists) so she pushed in this weird ending.But, it's a weird book.
Very disturbing
Interesting premise, crazy as an outhouse rat main character, all of the ingredients for an entertaining summer novel but then it becomes like following a twisting, back country road to nowhere special. The ending just leaves you frustrated. The story contains all the promise of something satisfying without the payoff. And yet you sense that it really should work. Wait for the paperback or borrow it but don't be surprised when the story and its characters quickly fall from your memory.
I like Flynn's writing style and the first section of the story was quite compelling. The latter part of the book had too many implausible events for my taste and, the main drawback for me was there was not one single character who was at all likable, except perhaps Go. Yikes, what a bunch of dysfunctional people. Although it was ultimately quite a page-turner, it left me feeling as if I had been involved with a lot of very icky people.
Deep into ""Gone Girl"", I congratulated myself for purchasing such a great novel; I could not put it down.  The writing was terrific, the plot ""on-the-edge-of-your-seat"", the proverbial Page Turner.  I wanted copies for my reader friends!  Three-quarters through, the story loses all plausibility; the ending astonishingly unsatisfying.  Too bad.  There were so many directions this story could have taken; in the end, it wimped out.
It was a slow start and I had trouble keeping interest but then it picks up and is a very interesting and plot twisting story! I was very much looking forward to the exciting conclusion but was so disappointed...the writer built it up so wonderfully up to this point and then it seems like they were rushed to finish it and it was this strange, quick ending. Very disappointing. A ""good"" read but nothing I'd recommend...
I really enjoyed the first three quarters of this book. The writing is engaging, the plot slick, the character voices very real and specific. I figured out the big reveal pretty early, but didn't hold it against the novel. The ending felt rushed and lackluster, and really didn't ring true. And a huge plot hole gnawed at me, doing more to ruin the book than anything else. A fun, but ultimately unsatisfying, read.
I have to say, I was a bit bored in the first 75-100 pages.  It seemed like any tv movie where a wife dies and the husband is the main suspect, but  the twist was a great surprise.  The next 25 pages were interesting and then again began to bore me then again there is another surprise.  I'm giving it 4 stars because I did like the 2 twists in the book, but I can't believe a movie is being made out of this book.
I read the superlative reviews on this book and was eager to dive into it. The book, with its terrific writing, interesting characters, and plot twists, kept me enthralled throughout. When I'm really into a book, I'm reading at warp speed, anxiously wanting to know what happens next. And that's the way I read this book. Having said that, I'm unsure about recommending this book. As I said, this was a terrific read, and yet I think this book could have been so much better. First, there was a major plot hole concerning the whereabouts of the Desi character the day Amy goes missing. It's a detail that the police could have used in ultimately solving the crime. And the pregnancy plot point was totally unbelievable. But my biggest complaint, as many have noted, is the ambivalent ending.  When I turned the last page to see the acknowledgements, I said out loud, "" WTF!... am I missing some pages?  Maybe it's because I'm old school, but when it comes to a story, I want to have a definitive ending and this book doesn't deliver.  If someone were to ask me what I thought of the book I would have to say, ""If you loved the ending to the Sopranos, you love this book"".  Oh well, maybe the conclusion to the story will be in ""Gone Girl, Part II
Though cleverly witten and with a fair amount of tension this book was marred by gratuitous vulgarities and it was a little offputting that most of that verbiage was exchanged by brother and sister. There were no characters you could like with the exception of the two detectives.  And the ending was not satisfying. We generally like well defined and at least somewhat plausible endings, ya know.
Good boogood
Overall I liked the book.  However, it took me 30% of the way (I read it on the kindle and not sure what page) for something to actually happen that sparked my interest.  I didn't see what the hype was about until then.  I didn't love the way it ended but that's because it didn't wrap up into a neat little bow.  Some people may like that type of ending but I didn't find it satisfying.
Wow.  This story sucked me in quick.  I really enjoyed the read.  Part two took an unexpected turn for me, which I rather liked as well. The end... not so much.  Have you ever watched a movie, and it's clear they had a good idea to begin with, but then they just didn't now how to end it?  That's how this was for me.  It was a softball ending that left me disappointed.
A very good read, but the story ends with a family headed one day for disaster. Nothing good can come from Nick and Amy remaining together, and to bring their child into the world, makes the ending even more disheartening.  Amy is a Psychopath, Sociopath a murderer and Nick is extremely dysfunctional. This story can only truly end with disaster waiting to happen.
This was a good read and I found it hard to put down...mostly because I was appalled at the characters behavior.The last 20% of the book and the ending was quite disappointing.  Worth reading, but not sure I will read any more of her books. The character was not likeable (but was not supposed to be) - no redeeming qualities to the book after the first 80%.
It was o.k.
Pretty dark
I purchased this at Kindle recommendation from other books I've read.  This is my first read of Gillian Flynn, and I must say it started a little slow, but I stuck with it and it picked up after a few chapters and I ended up enjoying the book.  I will try another of this authors works and see if it is better.  Does anyone have suggestions for which to buy?
This book was creative, and well written, but the ending was horrible. Just when I thought I had figured something out, she threw another loop in there. I almost felt like she ran out of time to get it to the editor, and had to finish it up. I am reading another book by this author because I love her writing, but I really hope it has a better ending!
I'm not sure why this book has received so much hype.  It starts out well enough, but about midway through, it began to drag and I was anticipating the end.  Amazon keeps making recommendations to me based on books that are similar, but I'm afraid they have fallen on deaf ears.  Maybe I'm just outside the demographic for this book.
This book had a good story to it overall and it kept my interest even though it seemed to drag on and on sort of repeating the same old things over and over.The part that totally disappointed me so much was the ending.  It was not at all what I expected and was a bad way to end a one-half way decent book.
When clicking on the picture of the book at the top of the page do not click on ""Look Inside"" and ""view the first pages."" It jumps from the first couple oa pages all the way to the end of the book and you can read how it ends right there! I was really looking forward to purchasing this book too! What a bummer!
The plot of Gone Girl is fascinating. Must have take tne author some time to think of all those twists and turns, yet clever enough to tie up the ends. I found many parts redundant, plodding and the dialogue predictable. Too much interior thought.Aside from that, it was thrilling. An almost ran.
I was very disappointed in the ending. I think the author could have redeemed Nick's father by having him kill Amy at the very end, leaving Nick to raise his son. This was actually the first mystery novel I had ever read. I am interested in reading others that are considered the best in this genre.
This book has more twists and turns than Lombard Street in San Francisco.  It is quite entertaining with the chapters flipping from husband to wife villian; it will keep the pages turning--until the end where it falls flat.  It would be a 4-5 star if the author could have figured out how to end it.
The book kept my attention but went downhill and became more and more contrived toward the end. I would agree with other reviewers that the author did not seem to know how to end it. And I don't think she ever revealed the content of the silver box that was found early on in the closet?
The book started well and the character development was very interesting. You start out thinking one thing and then realize that things aren't as they seem. That being said, I had issues with the end and it took away from the rest for me.However, a good and entertaining read
Great writing. Kept me incredibly interested until ALMOST the end. I felt like the story could've ended one of a few ways, an I really didn't agree with the direction the author took. Enough to dock the entire book 2 stars. This was a 5-star read but the ending killed it for me.
Very well written book. The character development was excellent but, a little excessive in spots. The ending was disappointing but sadly realistic. I would read other books by this author just because she is a good writer. I just didn't care for the storyline or the ending.
I have not had uniterrupted time to read this book so my rating may be low due to my lack of concentration and sleepy state when reading.  That being said, it is a well written book that has kept my interest so far...though not enough to keep me awake wanting to read more.
I really enjoyed the pacing of this book and found the twists and turns to be fun for the majority of the book. In the end I just felt dirty, like I want to erase it from my brain and take a shower right now. But that doesn't mean I don't recommend it as a good thriller!
This book started a little slow, but quickly picked up the pace and had me turning pages  with anticipation.  That is, until the end...blah. Could think of at least 3 other endings that would have been more interesting and satisfying and I'm an accountant.
To be fair I say it is okay and this is due to the ending of the novel. Imagine eating one of the best $12.99 meals you have ever had for only the last bite to taste like the smell of a pile of horse crap. (And I was even defending the price of this novel to my non-reader husband! Little does he know he has the last laugh.) So, basically the ending of the novel really let me down. It is sad I will have to remember Gone Girl as ""that book I read with the most spectacular ninety-nine cent, one-star ending."" I would have appreciated a little more creativity from the author. As good as the rest of the novel was, I know she had it in her to write something better, and this makes me somewhat hesitant to dip into her previous work.
Maybe it is just me, but in a good read, there should be a moral lesson: the villain should be brought to justice. I just don't like stories that end up validating someone totally reprehesible, or, in this case 2. Sorry, just not my cup of tea!
It was almost like the author ran out of ideas so she just quit.  It was really interesting and suspenseful, until Amy returns, after that it became almost tedious to read. I had heard so much about this book, I think it was a disappointment.
After reading all the reviews about this book, I was disappointed in the ending.  I really thought this book was not all that good considering the details leading up to the end.  He stayed with this nut!  My book club members felt the same.
The story was different and I couldn't stop reading because I wanted to know what happened....and, guess what... The author blew the ending as far as I was concerned. You can't keep readers on the edge of their seat and then give them THAT.
I heard some rave reviews about this book but it is not grabbing my interest that much. I admit I am only about a 1/3 of the way through, but when I have to go back and re-read several pages to catch up, I know it's not that great. Sorry!
This was a very well thoughtout novel. Maybe too well...about 3/4 of the way through, I was checking out. There's no way all the details involved could have ever happened in a real world. I just found it unbelievable and over the top.
The book is he said she said and then comes the ending.....nothing! The story had potential. What was the author thinking with that conclusion? That wasn't even considered an ending. Don't bother to purchase you will be disappointed.
Found the book interesting.  I expected a different outcome and was a bit annoyed it didn't end as I expected.  However, I guess that's what makes it unique. Very unique way of moving the plot along by using the two different voices.
I enjoyed this book.  The violence is very graphic.  It is a dour little story.  The heroine is not likeable; the plot unusual; the writing satisfactory.  On reflection, I should have identified the murderer; it was all there.
This was the kind of book I read just to get to the end, to find out. Some good twists and turns but I didn't like any of the characters, and that made it hard to connect with the story. It is a memorable read however.
I found Gone Girl just OK. The first half of the book dragged on. The second half of the book picked up and there was a surprise ending. The characters were just not very believable. It did pick up somewhat at the end.
The toooooooooooo amazing Amy - I could not believe that she managed to get away with the murder as far as the Police were concerned.  Makes one think about the likelihood of identity theft in todays dealing online.
As a fellow author I know how much work the author put into this book. Amy is one devious, manipulave, vengful women. I really felt sorry for Nick.Writer Interruptus and Other Stories
Figured out pretty early on that the wife did it,not hubby but still a good read. Writer threw out a couple of red herrings but still came up with the final conclusion, the last couple of pages made you wonder.
I have read both of Ms. Flynn's other novels and enjoyed them.  I think she has a highly creative mind and a masterful way of getting under the skin and the psyche in unsettling, disturbingly good detail.  Her characters tend to be real, gritty and human in the most gruesome of ways.There is a great deal about ""Gone Girl"" that I appreciated and fully admit to being engrossed enough to lose much needed sleep to keep reading.  I wholeheartedly agree with reviewers who say ""the less you know about the book, the more you will enjoy it"".  Having read a few reviews, some of the ""big twists' were at least suspected (if not anticipated) and I wished I had come to the book without any foresight.  So, to those of you who have not read the book, consider NOT reading any more reviews!Near the end of the book, the direction it was taking began to alert me that I was going to hate the ending, and hate it I did.  I will give Flynn credit that I did not hate is as MUCH as I though I would, as she did mange to keep some interest in the resolution, but it was still a clunker and a disappointment.SPOILER ALERT (just in case).  I really don't want to give to much away, so I will tread carefully.  My experience was that a particular complex characterization in the book that was a thrilling rarity of a deranged psychosis that you can almost RELATE to  was reduced to a borderline offensive ""Sex and the City"" cliche.  Maybe ""War of the Roses"" if you want to give the author a bit more credit.  I felt cheated that the story had introduced this conquering hero of redemption and revenge, only to render the character a sad-sack of neediness in the end - almost to the degree where the oft described and revered intellect of the character seemed to fly out the window.All the rage, and the twisted intellectual awareness flowing through the story winds up boiling down to....""the only thing that makes you truly happy is a man"".  There is enough in Flynn's prose where one could argue that it really wasn't that simple and the ""happiness"" at the end was sick and unhealthy in numerous ways....BUT I still think she could have taking the resolution of this story in a much different direction that would have 1) made more sense, given they way she had drawn a particular character and 2) provided a ending more fitting for the investment in the story.I know some reviewers have recounted their reaction to the ending as, ""that's it?"".  For me, it was ""you've got be kidding"".  I stayed hopeful that it might round this annoying corner and still end with a bang, or something that felt satisfying and true to the characters, but it did not.So, three stars for an engrossing read and well-drawn characters, minus two stars for the awful ending.
The book was an interesting read but took too long to get going so took me awhile to get into the book.  I was also very disappointed in the ending - it left me with an overall negative impression of the book.
I thought the book was so clever and creative. It was trilling and suspenseful. Awesome character development. The end was anti-climactic. I was so angry at the ending of this book, I had to write a review.
I loved the first 2/3 of the book but the last third was weak. I wondered if the author had a deadline and just threw together the last part. It was almost like two different people wrote the book. I really enjoyed the authentic sounding male vs female perspectives in the earlier part of the book and the author really knows how to write discriptively. The first 2/3rds of the book were so good that I will purchase another title by this author, even though the last third was a great disappointment. I could think of much better endings than the one the author chose. It really fell flat.
I purchased this book based on the overwhelming number of great reviews.  The author is a skilled writer and the plot methodology was well done.  For some reason I was never emotionally drawn in by the characters.  They seemed flat.  The ending was disappointing.  More importantly, what happened to Amy that caused this whole scenario?  There was no discernable catalyst or pattern to cause the level seen here.  I was hungry for a page turner.  This was not the one for me.  I would consider future books by this author because this story did not do justice to the talent obviously there.
This book was entertaining. It had me hooked from the beginning. But it wasn't,t life changing or anything. I wouldn't,t recommend if your looking for a great book. I,ve already forgotten the characters.
This book had a lot of potential but lacked oomph. The plot was actually quite different to your typical psych thriller but needed more of the thrill to keep you hooked. The ending was a huge letdown.
This book was painfully slow then painfully predictable.  The author felt it necessary to explain the character's traits over and over again which made a book that could have been suspenseful mundane.
After reading this novel, I was almost ""gone"".  The story seemed endless and as the plot was unfolding it became interesting and at the same time totally unrealistic.  The ending was totally absurd.
As an avid reader this book is just OK.  The story jumps around and at times seems to ramble.  There is no question, the book is very well written, but overall my impresion is ""just that it is OK.
I like the story line, but it takes for ever to get to the plot of the story..way to much time spent on Introduction to the the characters, dont no if i will read another one of her books!! boo.
I thought this book would be much better.  I could not put it down, but that was mostly because I wanted to be done with it.  It had good elements, but I just never bought into the characters.
This book jumps back and forth by chapter and when you read it on a Kindle it can be confusing.  Definitely recommend reading this on a BOOK so that you can easily refer back and forth in it.
The story has a slight twist but mostly predictable. I finished the book but it did take me longer than it typically takes me to complete a book. It didn't hold my interest liked I has hoped.
WoW this book kept me reading.I loved Nick as a character.I will write that I was unhappy with the anti climactic ending of the bOOk. It could have been so much more InterestIng.
well written novel with lots of twists and turns - Ending was lame and disappointing.  It was almost as if the author had no idea how to end it.  great read -  stupid and insulting ending.
Well written, a good story, so much potential and then at the end it just . . .stopped. I went back and read reviews to figure out if it was part of a trilogy or something. Disappointed.
The book rambled alot. Didn't like the ending. Expected the wife to pay for her sins. The only good thing about the book is that it teaches you that you could be living with a sociopath.
At the beginning, it was hard to differentiate between the narrators. Once I figured out who thought what, it became interesting enough to finish, but still had to trudge through it.
I finished this book, which was just OK. Light summer readingGood chatacterization, especially of the heroine's parents.Plot kind of unbelievable/far fetched.
For the most part I enjoyed this book. The author writes well and I liked the way she alternates chapters between the two main characters. I found the ending somewhat disappointing.
I did not like the ending of this book.  Although I admit that Flynn's writing kept me highly engaged in the story and the characters, I felt cheated out of a satisfying resolution.
The first part of the book was interesting. It definitely kept my interest peeked and then the middle of the book unraveled and I was completely engrossed. I couldn't put the book down. Twist turns; I kept thinking ""Oh where is this going next?"" ""How will they get the culprit"". Then I read the last page. I actually started reading the acknowledgements because it COULDN'T BE OVER!!! This had to be part of the book. I was utterly disappointed. The ending is TERRIBLE!!!!! Interesting, but completely unsatisfying.
Kept me guessing in the beginning...good read but didn't really like the twist toward the middle of the book. Overall, good book but in my opinion not worth the hype I had heard...
A compelling read, well written.  However, I did not like either of the main characters.  I like to read books where I like the characters.  Very unsatisfied with the ending.
I waited for weeks to read this novel and found it very disappointing.  Felt the story was difficult to follow and often the writing through me off in following this story.
I am not sure what all the hype is about this book. While I am not a prude, I just think the language was overboard. I could not like either Amy or Nick. Hated the ending.
Although this was a book that kept my interest,  it made me sad to think that people in real life can be so horrible to each other.  Now i need to read something happy.
Psycho Amy is able to fool the FBI and every other law enforcement agency into believing she was held captive for almost a year at a lake house by a man captivated with her since their teen years. Common sense would dictate that evidence was present to prove she was there for only a short period of time no matter how cleverly she planted false clues.  Credit card application, orders, deliveries, and payments can be traced in the real world back to the originator. Duh.
I did not think the language was required.  Though there was a twisty plot, the characters were distasteful.  GONE GIRL could have been called ""PSYCHO BITCH"".
Started quite slowly, then by midway, I was really enjoying the book....but I really didn't like the end.  I like endings to be one way or the other, this was not...
For the most part, I enjoyed this book.  I found it interesting that I couldn't decide which character I was rooting for (at least until the half-way mark).  The ending is atrocious; however, and I can only hope that the author is planning a sequel with a great revenge plot.  SPOILER ALERT:  There is no way anyone should be able to get away with the murder that happened in this book.  I'm almost embarrassed for the author if she doesn't come out with a sequel.
I read this one not too long ago. I didn't love it. It wasn't the worst thing I've ever read either.  None of the characters have any redeeming value or likeability
Well written, good story, disturbing and sad... The author wrote a true tragedy, no one wins, there is no happiness... Weird and wicked tale of heartache and crazy!
I enjoyed the book, ""Gone Girl"" and it has quite a few twists and turns, however, I enjoyed her first book, ""Sharp Objects"" more. it is really good and quite dark!
Okay, but would not recommend to anyone. I was disappointed as it was a recommendation from an aquaintance.Could have done better things with my time!
First half of book sounded like a Scott Petersen autobiography.  The pivotol twist captures the readers interest only to have an unbelivable ending ruin the ride.
Great story, cleverly written. However I feel as if the ending was rushed. Gillian was tired of writing the book so she gave it a crappy ending. Good read though.
Again, the questions just disappeared as I was about to answer them.  Why are you asking for reviews without offering to reimburse me for my intellectual input?
I enjoyed this book, it was very different  from anything I have read.  There are twists that are very surprising and unexpected.  I hated for the story to end.
Although the story was interesting, I didn't like a single character in this book.  It was not a book I would ever re-read and I was not unhappy to see it end.
As a mystery, this book was definitely a page turner.  However, the characters were all so unpleasant and unsympathetic - I felt disgusted reading about them.
It's a page turner for sure but dark all the way. My three stars relate, not to the quality, which was high, but to the fact that it was hard for me to enjoy.
I liked that this story was told from both characters point of view but found the ending disappointing and unbelievable. I am looking to read his other books.
I am not liking the language used in this book.... not sure I will finish it.  I have heard so many good reviews on it...but not sure I will get through it.
Gone Girl starts out a little slow, but quickly picks up the pace to what becomes a good read. FYI- you will either like or hate the ending. Happy Reading!
The book starts out a little slow, but picks up and becomes difficult to put down. Not entirely happy with the ending, but still a good read to get there.
This book was ok.  Guess I expected more with the hype about this book.  Kind of left me depressed about how people manipulate each other in a marriage!!!
I haven't finished reading yet.It is a little confusing for me (my lack of understanding), but I will finish reading and give my final view.
I would have given this  book 4.5 stars because I loved it, but the ending was not well done. It was a bit lazy. But was it worth the read?  Absolutely.
I liked this book... it was written very neatly. Some of the story didn't run as smoothly as it should have though. But it was definitely a good book.
Very slow beginning, skipped sentences; plodded on until I was hooked and then enjoyed the book a lot. Twisted, complicated plot was very intriguing.
Hang in there it's a slow starter - but then takes off and keeps you till the end.  I was giving up and a friend told me No you have to keep reading.
Thought it was very good for 70% of book but did not like ending. Felt the writing became too convulted and unbelievable. Disappointed in the ending.
I like the writing and the story line but this is a really sick story and they both deserve each other! not sure if I want to read more of her books
When i first started the book, I really thought Flynn had ripped off the Scott Peterson story. It screamed of Nancy Grace and Scott and Lacey. But then, the deeper I got, the more I realized how not even that true life story could touch the twisted, sick story that Flynn has laid out for us. I loved it...right up until the end, when I thought it waned a little from being truly brilliant. Still a very good read.
Having never read anything by the author before, I bought this book based on the excellent reviews it's been receiving.  It really took me awhile to get into, and honestly I almost couldn't continue through the main female character's first few diary entries.  My goodness the wordiness.  I skimmed through much of the female's early entries, but the male character's entries held my attention.  The book takes interesting twists and turns, but I did figure out the gist well before the half way point.  I wasn't as blown away by this book as other reviewers, that's for sure, but it was a quick read once it got going.  I read it in the car on a 12 hour drive.  I'd give it 3 1/2 stars.  It's not a bad book by any means.  I just expected something absolutely amazing since so many people are gushing over it.
I liked the story and it kept me interested but the ending was extremely disappointing.  I've heard this from others who have also read this book.
A tortuous and unpleasant trek to an un satisfying  ending.  Nevertheless, the author kept me reading to the end...hence a begrudging third star.
An interesting read as Flynn writes in conversational style, but a seeming waste of time on the pathetic motivations of people lacking integrity.
This book was psychologically fascinating, but the ending was not consistent with the rest of the novel.  Otherwise I would've given it 4 stars.
Just too much to acceptThere were good story lines and there were the unbelievable. Unfortunately the unbelievable wins. Thus three stars.
I did not like the ending at all-and the bouncing back and forth from Amy and her husband sometimes was confusing-I wouldn't recommend this book
Definitely a page-turner, however confusing at parts. Climax was overall very sad and dissappointing and not at all the satisfaction I expected.
The good - I finished it in one sitting, and enjoyed it until almost the end.  There were some really sharp insights into male-female relationships, and a well-crafted plot, almost until the end.  The bad - a disappointing, unbelievable ending. I can't go into details without spoiling the plot, but a combination of hugely improbable events with impossible to accept behavior ruined the book for me.
Well written, but worth the time? The twists and turns are neat, but the book didn't really appeal to my values regarding good fiction writing.
The ending of this book is a real downer after a very exciting first part of the book.  Liked the idea of alternating chapters by him and her.
what a great character build up. great twists and plot turns, couldn't wait to turn the next page, and then it was over.  so much time, effort and love went into the first 9/10 of the story, and then nothing. an ending that was blah and left me wanting for more. i do appreciate an author forgoing the neat 'bow' at the end of the story, but this ending almost seemed hurried and unfinished.
A good roller coaster adventure. Surprising twist and turns. Was a little disappointed with the ending but that may be a personal preference
Left wanting more. The complexity of manipulation was an interesting read,but I wanted a bit more. Didn't reach level of hype and reviews.
I was disappointed with this book.  It did not meet my expectations.  There was so much hype about t, I thought it did not meet the hype.
A predictable farce that keeps you reading anyway. The plot twists are clever and literally keep you wondering if it could really happen.
The author didn't seem to know how the story ended;  it went nowhere.  Were they stuck with each other or did one try to kill the ohter?
This book was a quick read eventhough it is lengthy in pages. I found this story to be interesting but was not thrilled with the ending.
Fun to read, twisted...a bit different than the books we normally choose. There are parts that doesn't make sence...so it's an OK book.
It was an interesting story and it really kept you hooked throughout the book but it just ended.  In the end both characters are sycho.
Good that it kept me entertained and it has a good twist.  But the characters are sadistic and all in all, I found it pretty depressing
Very slow start but ok read. Hard to figure out in the beginning. I finished it because i paid for it..probably wouldnt have otherwise.
Very dissatisfying ending for my taste.  People really can't feel the way these two did about one another and stay together, can they?
The chapters were interesting but I did not like the ending.  It was a disappointment that the psychopathic wife got away with murder!
I found the ending unsatisfying as she got away with it (the murder, the harm she inflicted on everyone). I found the novel annoying.
Hard to get into then slowly got interested. The middle was better but I didn't like the ending. They were both dysfunctional people.
I enjoyed reading this book.  The author was clever and her characters were interesting.  Her observations by her characters were very good.  And then I gotto the ending and threw the book across the room.  If ever a character was in need of some retribution it was this wife.  And nothing happened.  Terribleending - very unsatisfying and disappointing.
I had heard from 2 friends that this book was great.  I was disappointed.  There was a lot of foul language and crass sexual stuff.
I love the twists and turns this book takes. It is always surprising to see what happens next. Keeps you turning the page for more.
It had me at hello then slowly lost me as the unbelievable unfolded. At the end I couldn't feel anything for either main character.
The story line was interesting but it just seemed to drag in a few spots.  In the beginning and then it really drug toward the end.
I was so looking forward to this book... I felt it was very boring at times.....LONG, drawn out periods.... Very disappointed.....
This book was not it was all hyped up to be. Sadly disappointed I purchased instead of waiting to read for free at the library....
Yes I am male and over 70 so I should have been more choosey with my selection.I read it all fairly quickly. Not really me.
Loved the book right up until the end. But the end was horrible and it seemed to end so quickly and it was so unbelievable. Ugh!
I was duped again.. Not my cup of tea.  Dragged on and on and on...Beginning, middle and end, I kept waiting for a part I liked.
Couldn't put the book down all through out!  When it was done I said ""WTH ?""  Would not reccomend to anyone.  Hated final pages.
Suspense galore. But in the end it seemed as if the author just got tired of writing about the characters.  All in all-vacuous.
I think this book is overarted but it has enjoyed a long time on the best seller list.  I would recommend it with reservations.
I spent a whole day reading this book...was sucked in by it. However, the ending was a bit odd. It left me scratching my head!
I think it was well written, held my attention.  However I did not feel there was a real ending, too many questions remained.
Did not live up to the book's hype. All the sex descriptions added nothing to the plot,seemed the sex was put in for fillers.
None
Not exactly what I expected. Just finished and it did not make any remarkable memories. Many of my friends enjoyed the book.
I thought Gone Girl started out well but fizzled out somewhere about 75% through the book. Still pretty entertaining though.
Wow, Gillian really had me going....She develops her characters well, but WHY couldn't she have given us a better ending???
I did not like the bad language,and to redundtant. It could have been a good story.Iwould not read this author again.
Good book, interesting story.  Starts off a little slow but definitely picks up.  I didn't care much for the ending though.
I had a difficult time getting involved in the story. I was still not into it until about pg.100then it got better..
Others in the  book club loved it. i thought it was too predictable. Prototype of typical, involved ""who done it.
No clear ending! I don't like that! I needed someone to win!!!  Now what?  I wanted Nick to get out of this with his baby.
Interesting easy read. Reader gets to hear events and plots from both characters leading to the demise of their marriage.
It started very slow and really did not pick the pace until well into the storey. It was a good tale of warped characters
I Was not pleased with the story being told as each character  devulging what they had done and their intentions.
I enjoyed the book until the end.  The twists and turns of the plot kept me interested but the end may disappoint some.
The story itself is very well written and it is an interesting plot. But I found the characters to be quite disturbing
It was a great read,but  I didn't like the ending. Amy was a crazy  almost  unbelievable character, a little too much.
This book reads well and is very well written.  I am glad I read it...however, was very disappointed with the ending.
loved the book until the abrupt ending which left me wanting more of a twist as opposed to the flat ending as written
Good read, a lot of twists and turns - definitely kept me interested. I just would have preferred a different ending.
Just a summer read, certainly not great literature.  Got boring at times but also intriguing at times.  Not a keeper.
Not as good as it was rated.  I hope the movie is clearer.  Somwhat confusing in the explanation about a kidnapping?
Not my favorite book, but I will keep searching.  Just depends on the readers individual taste on non fiction books.
It's a slow start but once the plot turns it keeps you guessing. Personally I wish it would've ended differently.
The story was disturbing and a little far-fetched at times, but it did surprise me and make me want to read more.
What a strange book.  I finished it, but just shook my head when I got to the end.Would not recommend this!
Although the reader will want to keep reading to find out what happens, this was TV mini-series cheesy at times.
The book, Gone Girl, was intertaining but in my opinion was a little far fetched as far as the story line goes.
I found the characters very irritating but once you start reading you cant stop as you have to see how it ends
Wanted to like it, but just found the characters annoying and the ending way out there. Not my favorite read.
The book is ok.  I bought it because it was on the best sellers list.  I found it a little hard to get into.
Great turn of events but huge holes  and unsatisfying in ending.  Not ht e best of the year in my estimation
I like the characters, the personalities of the characters and the way they like get in each h others minds.
The end was surprising, but a bit contrived in my opinion, as if the end had to be put on only two pages..
It was mostly good and it's well written but the ending could have been a lot better. I was disappointed.
This novel was a bit bizarre for my taste in reading material.  It is definitely not a ""feel good"" story.
This book is not my cup of tea. Would make a good (shallow) beach read. I almost put it down early on.
Gone Girl has twists and turns which keep the reader intrigued. The author creatively alternates the chapters between the husband and wife. The plot was well thought out but I can't say that I loved the book. Definitely didn't love the ending. Perhaps it wasn't my style...
A lot of work-up to get to a very mediocre, unsatisfying end.  Eight more words - I do not have any.
Not that impressed! I do not think I really liked the way the book was written..that is it I guess!!
I think this book needs a part two. Felt like it left me hanging. But overall it was a page turner.
I did not like the ending, in fact I don't think it has an ending. Another book in the making??????
I am not sure how I feel yet..... I need to process my feelings toward the ending of the book.
Found parts of it hard to read, a little hard to follow. Not one of my favorite reads of late
It was just okay as I didn't like the ending leaving you up in the air where they were going.
I liked it but I thought it was a bit slow. Not sure I would recommend it strongly to others.
This book was a bit far fetched but it kept you reading to find out how bizarre it could get.
The first two-thirds of this book is fabulous.  Wonderfully written with lots of clever twists and ""a-ha"" moments.  The last third of the book jumps the shark and devolves into almost romance novel prose.  And the ending is lame and unsatisfying.
Didn't really care for this book. Very slow and boring over halfway thru book. Ending was not very good either. Guess it was left for a 2nd book? Will not buy 2nd book. Normally Gillian Flynn is a good read...not to me this time. Sorry.
But ending really killed the book. I mean come on.....First half was so exciting. Second half, was interesting...then it became blah....then completely, unbelieveably silly.
For the first couple hundred pages, this was as good a book as I'd read in a while.  Interesting characters, awesome plot twists, tons of suspense, great pacing.But I was just incredibly disappointed with how the author wrapped everything up at the end.  It just feels like there was a better way to tie everything together and bring closure to the mystery.  So, a 5 star book becomes a 3 star book.  Yeah, the ending was that disappointing.
Eh
Would have been better if he had been guilty and went through a trial, like Scott Peterson.  At least one of the characters was a sociopath.
To be fair, overall this book was an enjoyable read.  My biggest grips are the mid novel "" surprise twist"" and the last quarter or so of the book.  With respect to the ""surprise twist,"" if the ""twist"" surprised you, you were not paying attention.  I saw it coming, maybe not all the details, but it was not surprising in the least. In fact, I thought it was obvious.  As for the last quarter of the book, I thought there were too many holes in the story.  I will not go into details, but the reader must suspend their disbelief in order to buy the resolution (and I am not talking about the ending).  There are just too many gaps, and the reader has to believe in the absurd, along with a character being extraordinarily lucky (not smart), to find the resolution believable. Then there is the ending.I actually did not mind the ending, but it is how Ms. Flynn gets there that let me down as a the reader.  I will read Ms. Flynn's next book because I liked her first two books, and this book had glimmers of greatness. Greatness not fully realized, but greatness nonetheless.As an aside, I thought a modified version of this story would make a good story arc for AMC's The Killing, if it comes back for a third season.
I finally found the book and set aside time to read it.  So far so good.  It was enthralling and I couldn't stop.  I thought I figured it out.....so far so good.  UNTIL the last few chapters.  Not good.  What a let down.  This girl is gone......
I took me awhile to get into the story
This book was a suspenseful page-turner that I couldn't put down but I didn't like how the book ended.  When I got to the end, I kept swiping my finger over the Kindle hoping that there were a couple more pages. Nope, THE END.
As i first started reading I thought ""wow what a great book"". The ending made it a waste to read. i think the writer got tired of writing. I gave the book 3 stars because it was good until the end...
I probably didn't like this book as much as many did simply because I just didn't like the people.  Both Nick and Amy Donne are about as self absorbed as you can get.  However, the twists and turns in this book are amazing and will definitely keep you guessing as to what is the real truth.  The alternate chapters told by Nick and by Amy add to the suspense and the contradictions.  I won't review the plot, but will share my own personal thoughts on the book.  The language in the book does seems to approach junior high ""let's see how many times we can say 'f***'""  {I've taught junior high so am not offended, just bored with that word}.  The characters are all very cynical, but that's probably necessary; what other kind of people kill others, pretend to kill themselves, or whatever.  As a Missourian, I did think the setting was very well drawn and on target.  Finally, it's a good suspenseful read; nothing more, nothing less.
I was really curious about this book in the beginning I was hoping the story would pick up. But then there was a turn in the storyline which was a turn for the worse.  I felt the storyline really started to slow down at this point. By the end it was at a screeching halt. I can see how some people might like this book. If you like unconventional stories then this might be for you. One of the major problems for me was I did not like the main characters. There was no one for me to care about. The best part of the book was the way the story was presented. One chapter from Nick's point of view then one chapter from Amy's point of view. This was a fresh presentation, plus the story was original even if it wasn't my favorite and for this reason I give it three stars.
I was really captivated by this book until the ending. Terrible, terrible ending. It sort of spoiled the book as a whole with how bad the ending was.
I cannot understand the positive reviews for this book. It started slow and cumbersome but then finally picked up the pace and my interest because of the unusual plot. It could have been, and was for a while, very interesting and a bit exciting with it's twists and turns. As I neared the end, I kept wondering, where the heck is the author going with this? (A good thing.)Unfortunately, she went nowhere! The ending, in my opinion, is quite disappointing. That's all I'll say just in case you want to read it.But I guess many people like that kind of ending. So go ahead and read it. See if you do.At least it's very entertaining until the end.
'Gone Girl' is not exactly a gripping novel though it is entertaining and piques ones curiosity, so in spite of the fact that you may find it starting to sound really far fetch and bordering on the ridiculous, you want to continue reading to see where it goes next.The story started out rather interesting but it wasn't hard for me to figure out what actually happened to Amy.  Like I said, it started out as an interesting story but unfortunately, the writer apparently didn't know how to end the book, lost enthusiasm and came up with an end that I was not impressed with.  It was quite blasé.
I am sorry I spent several hours in the world of this book. Immediately after I finished it felt as though I had been in a cesspool.  It pains me to give it 3 stars but I did finish Gone Girl - was kept reading - maybe because I had spent $12.99 for an ebook.  (Spoiler Alert) The characters are repulsive: he because he is so stupid and vapid and she because she is so successfully vicious.  The ending is tragic because the reader can foresee the dark, twisted future that awaits an innocent.  The only good news is that a day later the whole experience of this read is fading fast.
I didn't read other readers review because I didn't want a spoiler.  But this is one of those books you needed to know what you were getting into.  I wanted to stop reading but decided this is a train wreck lets see what happened.  Boy was I shocked, half way through the book I was in awe.  I never saw it coming.  What an excellent author.  This book provoked so much emotions love, hate, anger, frustration.  I love and hated it and at the end hated it again.  I can't believe it ended that way. REALLLY!!!  Please tell me there is a sequel.
Great psychological thriller but the language that the author insisted on using to perpetuate a word that should no longer be in the dictionary used to degrade women I felt was unacceptable.  The author should have tried to expand her vocabulary to find another way to speak about a woman's anatomy then to stoop to the level of a man speaking disrespectfully of a woman.  Don't recommend reading important to uphold your principle's and standard's and not permit such language as an everyday conversation.  It will after this book is read.
I did enjoy this book.  Really I did, but...  I just found so many things so implausible.  In this day and age of forensics and criminal investigation, it is unrealistic to think that the police wouldn't have discovered more information.  And the ending??  Awful.  Just awful.  I get that she is ""gone"", but really now.  She's writing the screenplay for the movie to star Reese Witherspoon.  I""m not sure hollywood will like that ending--too anticlimactic.  Perhaps she'll consider an alternative ending.
I was really invested in the story and the characters. A large portion of the novel is captivating and a must-read, but sadly, the end is extremely disappointing. It just ends. No real resolution to the plot and the characters. After investing time and energy into realizing who these characters are the end of the novel truly disappoints. Flynn just leaves the novel hanging at the end of a cliff. It was a very unsatisfying conclusion to a well written, engaging mystery novel.
I did like this book for the most part. It offered excitement, tension and never knew what you were going to find when you turned the page. BUT, the ending was so disappointing and unsatisfying. I put the book down and shook my head for such a weak ending. I was looking for a quick, easy read that would keep my attention and it did for the most part but there are parts of it that are unrealistic when it came to an old stalking boyfriend keeping her captive.
I read this book after reading several positive reviews.  However, I am probably one of the few people who feel that this book was a let-down.  The book started off slowly, but picked up in the middle with an interesting twist in the plot.  The ending, I felt, fell flat, making the book as a whole, a disappointment.  Overall, the writing was very good, and the characters were well developed.  The plot was not as good as I expected based on previous reviews.
This was the single craziest book I have ever read.  I kept wondering how it could get any crazier, the things that went on--I can't even talk about it without giving it all away.  I honestly could not believe the amount of crazy at the end.  It was well-written, but the plot is just so all over the place you never knew what was quite going on until almost the very end then that throws you for a complete loop.
While I loved the first part of the book, it really made me feel like I needed to keep going to see what happened. The author wrote such a detailed and engrossing tale but then lost it. I felt the ending was not from the same book. I just couldn't see it happening. I wonder WHY she chose to go there. I do think it was entertaining even if I felt betrayed with the whole ending... Decide for yourself,
I struggled thru the first 200 pages. Would have put it down, but friends kept encouraging me to continue.  I didn't really care at all for the two main characters the first 200 pages, but then realized it really gave them depth. By the end of the book I felt somewhat familiar with them.I haven't truly decided if I liked it or not.  Only time will tell.
It is difficult to describe the shortcomings of this book without discussing some of the major plot points. There were so many discrepancies in the story that you could try to attribute to the main characters' pension for lying, yet to me it just felt like pure laziness on the author's part. That said, the story was somewhat entertaining.
Thought this was going to be a CAN'T PUT DOWN BOOK!  It was a CAN'T WAIT FOR IT TO BE OVER BOOK!I read the sample - started through the first part of the book and was hoping for a twist that was going to make me go ...OHHH!!!Short way of saying - rent this from the library and save yourself 12.bucks.Sorry ""0(
Story has you addicted and awaiting this awesome ending, ""that doesn't happen"". In fact ending was ridiculuos. A better title could have been, ""how many ways to ruin lives, and no consequences, ever"". Everyone wants a rightous outcome, right?Read it and decide for yourself!
The experience of reading this cleverly crafted novel was a great ride until the last page.  It seens as if the author got bored and just wanted to finish it.  The word ""ironic"" is used throughout the book, however it is apt for the ending:  great story, ironically unsatisfying.
I was really enjoying this book, thinking of friends that would enjoy it..  Then, the ending.  Did the author just get tired?  For the book to be that good and the ending that bad feels like I was cheated!  Haven'tread anything from this author before, not sure I will.
this book definitely kept me turning the pages, but I thought the first half was much better than the second half.  All the manipulation between the main characters left me not really caring about any of them.  And I found the ending a bit overdone and disappointing.
I finally got into this book, and am finally into the mystery, but the language is so offensive that I have almost abandoned the book several times.  However the mystery keeps me continuing on.  I have read many books much better, but the mystery is good.
Did this deliver my summer afternoon""dorito"" fix? Yes. Is it plausible? No. Was the author trying to make some statement about dysfunctional relationships? Who knows. But the ending felt rushed & out of sync with the overall story.
While this novel is entertaining and an easy read, I knew the outcome within the first 4 chapters.  Maybe I've watched too much TV and seen too many movies but this was very predictable.  Hopefully her next novel has a little more bite.
This is such a well written page-turning or Kindle-clicking story. It is so good with  twists and turns and then in the last third it starts getting convoluted. And then, unfortunately, the ending is  a letdown and makes no sense to me.
As last year's leading novel, I figured I better read it. Wrong--it was okay but hardly anthing to go out of your way to look for.it has a miserable heroine--a jerk for her husband and ends up screwy. Wrong call on this one.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.  I found it a slow read, not a page turner, but overall not a bad story, it just seemed to take forever for the plot to evolve.  Well written, detailed, perhaps too much detail!
This was a great book, we an awesome story line that kept me hooked the entire time.  The ending was underwhelming to the point of being annoying.  If it ended differently, I may have given it 4 stars.
OMG! Started off boring...got Much better.....Ending SUCKED!!! Worst ending EVER!!!!!  Waste of 3 days! I hate that! I had so much hope for this book, but the ending was SOOOO disappointing!!!!!!!
Gone Girl"" started very slowly for me and did not catch my interest until well in to it. The story took a lot of turns that were unexpected. The ending was incomplete as far as I was concerned.
This was the best book I remember reading in a log time. I couldn't put it down. I couldn't wait to see what happened next and then it ended. I was so disappointed in the ending. I wanted more.
Good book, it started slow but I gave it a try. The story got even better with all the twists and turns. I even stayed up late nights but all that sacrice for such an ending????????
Gone Girl has a very clever plot that holds your interest but I didn't find it holding much literary value.  The book went on for too many pages when fewer words would have done.
I really liked the first 3/4 of this book.  It was original and interesting.  The end left a little to be desired.  It seemed rushed and not in keeping with the rest of the book
Although this book caught my attention from the first chapter, and held it throughout, until the end, I cannot rate it more than 3 stars.  The ending seemed dashed off and was very unsatisfying after being intriguing and well-written until that point.  What a disappointment after tearing happily through the book anticipating and wondering what could possibly happen next.
The last half of this book totally redeemed the book as a whole. It was excruciating getting through the first half of this book, very boring!!! Then all of the sudden a very interesting twist started and kept you intrigued enough to finish the book.Worth the price: Absolutely not!Would I recommend: Probably not.Will I read it again: NO
I thought this book was a little slow. I bought it after reading other reviews and thought I would enjoy it. I did figure out most of thestory. I hated the ending.
As stated, at the beginning I regretted downloading the book. Just as I was about to give up hope....BAM! These are two twisted individuals who deserve each other.
I'll give it three stars because the first 98% of this book was exceptional.  But that's the best I can do, because the ending was a major let down.
The writing in this book was good, kind of a ping pong match between characters. The ending was awful! I'm sure the author could have done something better.It seemed as if she gave up and said, ""Oh, I think I've written enough, I'll stop now."" It does not fit the rest of the book. Very disappointing....
I love to read-  but I do not want to read something that leaves me so disappointed and depressed in the end-would not pass it around to friends.
The story was good. It got a little preditable half way thru. I was disappointed in the end. I would like to read more of Gillian's books thou.
The book kept me interested, wanting to see what happens next, but after hanging on through all the plot twists and turns, the ending sucked!
I really liked the first half of this book and then wham it took a turn I wasn't expecting and I really had a hard time with the second half. The ending actually made me irritated. Not too happy with this one. Interesting and sort of dark humor. Didn't live up to the reviews in my opinion.
So so plot.  Didn't find the book that entertaining. You might.  Who am I to say what tickles your fancy.  Got to go.  Hope that's 20 word.
I was really disappointed in this book. It kept me so interested until the end, and then I felt I was just hanging. It was just too abupt.
if the ending were different,it would have been one of the best books ive ever read. u nvr really ""connect"" with a character tho.
this was a good book,  but the F word used over and over really took away from the story.  disappointed in ending but not surprised
A fast read with lots of twists and turns. Holes in the plot make it a little unbelievable. The main character is a piece of work.
I was not impressed with the format of this book.....didn't like the ending..so I'm thinking she may write a sequel of Gone Girl.
I am not sure what all the fuss is about.  This book was not very credible and became pretty predictable after a few chapters.
once you realize what is really going on the read is a good one.  Don't know whether I would read this author again however.
After a slow start, this book built to a real page-turner.  The pacing seems to be part of the story.  Without giving anything away, there are many twists and turns to experience.  After a great ride, I found the ending to be ultimately unsatisfying.
I thought it was an okay read, but nothing too great. I prefer Kate Atkinson mysteries. Try those is you want a good book.
This book is a page turner.  However, found it to be too disturbing for my taste.  Did not care for the ending at all!
I didn't like the ending.  I thought the ending would be better with Amy getting what she deserved. A life in prison.
Gone Girl started off well.  I loved how the author wrote her characters.  I was glued to Amy and Nick.  Then the ending came.  I hated the ending.  Was very disappointed.  I will not read another of her books.
This is a fun book to read by the pool. Story line plays like a lifetime movie and is mostly ridiculous.
Entertaining but kind of slow in parts.  After a while you want to find out what happens in the end.
I didn't find this book to be much of a thriller as was advertised...seemed very slow to me!!  Not impressed!
I heard Hoda talk up this book and I downloaded it to my kindle,good start,builds up well,but the ending was awful!! I really could not understand how the author could not rap it up with a better ending.
I had never read anything by Gillian Flynn (or even heard of Gillian Flynn), but the rapturous reviews this book received convinced me to give it a try.  This book started off very slow for me, and I really had trouble getting into it.  I was thoroughly hooked by the middle of the book, when things became much clearer (actually too clear for my taste).  I have to say, the resolution of a major part of the ""mystery"" in this story coming right in the middle of the book was disappointing for me.  After that point, I stayed interested a while, but characters were wavering all over the place, and it became just a game of how far one of the characters could go.  This constant game of kicking it up a notch eventually became tiresome for me, and the book ended up so utterly unrealistic that I was disappointed.  While it held my attention when I got into it, I was not satisfied with this story in the end, and the characters, while occasionally sympathetic, were, for the most part, very unlikeable.
Overall a real page-turner, I just didn't like the way it ended and hated the way the author pulled everything together. In the end, I looked back and thought, ""What was the point of reading this whole thing?"" I felt like the author was more interested, in the end, in making a commentary on our society and the relationships we form than providing the reader with a satisfying conclusion. If so, fine, but it left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Some of the questions the scenarios raise forces us to ask ourselves in a chilling moment:1. How much can I actually trust another human being?2. How far am I willing to go protect my image?3. How much will a person sacrifice to be happy?Unfortunately, if the author wanted me to care about finding these answers, she should have made the characters someone an average person can relate to. A sociopathic killer (not saying who that is) is not someone most people can relate to, however, understanding a bit of that person's mindset can beg the question, ""How out of touch with reality our we?"" Or perhaps even more disturbing, ""How warped is the reality that our society has created through pop culture, media, and technology?""One of the things I did like was how every time someone in is a scenario they are uncomfortable with, they compare it to a movie or TV show, as though these forms of media have become the new ""real."" Cops act like TV cops. Why? Because they grew up watching TV. It does force us to examine what influences the way we act, the way think, and the way we judge others.Overall, still did not love the ending. Came too much out of nowhere to really buy it. I would do 3.5 stars if possible, but felt 3 was more fitting to my experience than a 4.
Had trouble getting into this book.
The book was really good until the end. It has a lot of twists and it kept me interested until the end. I will not give anything away...but I hated the end. It made me hate the book and it was an unsatisfying ending that left me feeling the book was incomplete. I had to give the book three stars because the writing was good and the beggining of the book was great.
This was last month's pick for my book club. I might not have necessarily read it otherwise. I used to read a lot of psychological suspense, but have moved on to other genres.Wow. This was definitely an interesting read. What a weird couple. Enjoyed the story.Wasn't happy with the ending at all, and was a little ticked off. I felt cheated.
I started this book over a month ago and it started out so slow, that I read 2 other books before returning to it.  The plot finally sped up.  The concept of a psycho wife framing her unfaithful hubby is blase.  I felt like it was part Twilight Zone & you've got to be kidding.  It was okay but as a bestseller, I wasn't dazzled like I expected.
Gone Girl, (kindle book) had an interesting plot, but it had so many F... words in it that I felt uncomfortable reading it and it pretty much spoiled the book for me.  Some can be expected in recent books, but that was so superfluous it added nothing and detracted from the writing. The twists in the plot is what kept me reading.
I finished this book in 2 days. A real page turner & It kept me interested for 3/4 of the book. The last portion of the book was a disappointment. The ending is horrible. Id rather read a mediocre book with a great ending than the other way around. I gave it 3 stars but I'm not sure I would recommend this book to anyone.
This starts off slow, steadily increases the tension. I could not really predict the ending or how we got there. For the most part I did enjoy the book. The author should have eliminated the last few pages. The ending dragged on way too long. I finished in order to say I did but wasted my time.
Started out at 3 stars, then 3.5, then 4, then 3.5, then back to 3. Decent writing, good detail, but a completely ridiculous ending, even for fiction. Which is why I read so little of it.Of course, I just came off of Unbroken on audiobook, so nothing can compare. Still. Meh.
This started off as a good read. I couldn't put this book down. I began championing one character, then another, then I again changed my stance. And then!! I didn't  like it. I will say this, if you have a free weekend and want to read something, this is a book to consider.
For being a #1 bestseller I must say I was disappointed in the book. Maybe it was because it was about a couple with avery sick relationship which was obviously what the story was all about.  I really thought the writing drug along withlots of repetition.
Started off with a hook, interesting characters, steady pace right into the middle. However, the whole plot turn rather predictable as it progress. The whole story ended with a incomprehensible crash, somewhat disappointed with all the rave reviews.
i enjoyed the suspense of who did what to whom it was like a tennis match back and forth. but when i finished i felt that the ball lost its bounce i wld not recommend this book because the ending was a cop out. dont waste your time
This book was exciting and definitely a page-turner, but the writing left much to be desired and the ending was lackluster. Enjoy this book on your kindle on the treadmill or lounging by the pool, just don't take it too seriously.
Ninety percent of the book is detailed and intriguing. However, the end is so abrupt I was left amazed and disappointed. It would have been excellent if the author had put in as much detail as the majority of the book.
To me, the beginning was so blah that more than once I thought to stop reading this book, but I continued on to find an intriguing plot, only to find an open ending, which I hate.  No closure, wouldn't recommend.
Thiis book could have been really brilliant.  For half of it , it is.  Then the plot has to evolve yet again and again to a pretty unrealistic end.Still good but so much promise at the beginning was lost.
Book was great but the end disappointed me. I kept reading and thinking this cant be it!  I did enjoy the writing style and character building while the plot progressed. It brought me in from the beginning.
I have not had a chance to read it yet.  Once I read it I will write my review then.  I gave it a 3 based on the good reviews I received from my friends who read it. Gone Girl: A Novel
I was initially drawn in by this book and speed-reading until the end.  Unfortunately, the darkness of the book just took over at that point.  Amy as a character simply becomes too much for this reader.
Meh. I wouldn't recommend investing time in this one. It took a few chapters to finally convince me to keep reading. The story is pretty insane so I finished it, but the ending left me hanging.
Storyline and characters were a little weird for me.  A little disjointed and full of unexpected twists and turns that were hard to explain.  I enjoyed it, just strange.
I liked the book and I was very into it and it kept my attention but the ending really just ruined the book for me. I think it should have been a little bit more...
This book was so good that the ending kind of takes you by surprise.  I couldn't wait to find out what happened and the ending just left me feeling deflated.  I literally kept turning pages on my Kindle, thinking ""Really?  That's it?
It is a slow story. It is diary style, if you don't mind that. I haven't gotten into much action yet in the book. I am hoping it livens up some.
If I had written this review as soon as I finished  the book I would have given it only one star.  After thinking more about the book I realized if you like a slower moving book and don't mind strange endings then I would say this is a good book.  I did like the authors writing style and would try another book.
This was good, I enjoyed it and the second half went quickly....  It certainly does make you think about who you are married to.
I expected a little bit more out of this book. It didn't hold my interest as much as I thought it would. It was just OK for me.
I loved it for the most part. To me it was a surprising end. I'm not certain if I would recommend it to friends.
I think this book was okay.  Nothing to write home about.  Too expensive to boot!  So those are my thoughts.
It is what it is - this year's big beach book for readers who are sick of the Gishams and Pattersons, readers who want a thriller with ""ideas.""It's a fast, fun read, with vivid characters, although the upper-crust crowd seemed a little stagey to me; the ""trashy"" characters felt more real.There is a definate retro vibe to the storytelling, maybe because it is completely psychological - no blood or gore, here - maybe because it reminded me of Ira Levin's better thrillers, Rosemary's Baby or The Stepford Wives. The tone here is adamantly post-feminist, but the basic questions echo. What is my role? and Why does it feel so fake?To this, Flynn cannily adds: How can I trust you if I can't trust myself?Ultimately, I wanted less soap and more murders, but I enjoyed it
The first half of the book reminded me of a fun beach novel. It was a fast read and an entertaining story (although a couple of times I found myself thinking that the book followed the Scott Peterson case a bit closely). And then we get to Part II, where the story becomes implausible but still it drew me in. And then we get to the last third of the book, where the story was almost impossible to believe would ever happen (but also wasn't entertaining).The writing is very accessible, and it's a fast read. It was made for summertime vacations. It did not live up to the reviews I read before purchasing.
Sure, if a woman disappears, the husband is the first to be suspected. So, when Amy disappears, Nick is the first to be scrutinized. Nick doesn't help, either, since there are some things that he really doesn't want anyone else to know. Naturally, he conceals these embarrassing details, because he knows that he is not guilty.However, when other details emerge, Nick's secrets also emerge. Each little item revealed points strongly to Nick's guilt and undercuts his credibility. Except that Nick is pretty sure that some of these details aren't quite real, even when these details have very physical proof that they are real. For the reader, too, it becomes a little disorienting (intentionally by the author) as to what is reality and what is invention.Gillian Flynn tells this tale in two voices: Nick and Amy. As we read, our sympathies switch back and forth until--Sorry, you gotta read this for yourself.
I really don't understand what all the hype was about this book.  Several magazines and websites recommended it as one of the best books of the summer.  Its an okay read.  I thought the ending was pretty unbelievable and took the book from being a 4 star rating to a 3.
found myself racing through this book with excitement .... only to find a flat and lacklustre ending. did the author run out of time on deadline or simply get bored?!
Found it hard to identify with either of the main characters and thought the story was not real believeble.  Hated the ending
The book is rather slow and mundane to start; then there are a multitude of twists. It is okay, not great.
Failed journalist Nick comes home to find his beautiful wife Amy missing and all clues pointing to him as her murderer. A good beginning for a fine thriller, except the mystery is short-lived as the reasons for Amy's disappearance are all too quickly revealed. Although there is some tension as the not-too-bright protagonist struggles to outwit his almost impossibly clever adversary, the book  soon begins looking less like  work of fiction than a thinly disguised essay on the differing male and female views of marriage. It ultimately ends on an entirely false note as the protagonist proves far too spineless, and the antagonist far too omniscient, than can readily be believed.
The idea behind this novel is great; I love a good mystery. However, I found it hard to get through the first half of the book. Most of the intrigue and action takes place in the second half. I was also disappointed in the ending. Overall, I would recommend this book, perhaps other readers will have different opinions.
have read hundreds of books and this is one of the worst endings. really dont understand the high ratings. if you are looking for a plot or wanting to know what happens with the characters you wont get it from this book. save your money and time. dont read this book. will never read a book by this author again.
I did not like the somewhat hopeless outcome of the book.  The author is so innovative I felt sure she would come forth with an  an ""O. Henry"" bit of irony and justice. Many friends liked the book very much, and as it is a best seller I must be the odd man out.
This book hooked me from page 1. I couldn't put it down for two days. I was recommending it to friends and family. Then I read the last page and could not believe it ended the way it did.
I just couldn't get into the characters. I didnt like any one! It was a good beach read but the story was so ridiculous  I kept putting it down.
Actually really bad.  Which is sad because this story is really great.  I am hopimg there is a Part II because this story is far from over.
This was a great read. Definitely a page turner-couldn't put it down type of book. However, the ending was absolutely horrible.
This was my first Flynn book. I thoroughly enjoyed this book until the end. Are you serious? What a lazy ending! Very disappointed and I hope her other works don't end the same.
This is a great book with a really stupid ending. It left me angry that I wasted my time. I thought my book was missing the last chapter.
I looked for my type of review before reading this book to make sure that I wouldn't run into anything too distasteful. However, I couldn't find one and had heard good things on NPR, so I decided to try it out.The mystery/crime thriller story is very good and the twists and turns as well as attention to detail kept me reading. I finished it in a day and was mostly happy with how I spent my time. The story, in my opinion, deserves 5 stars.However, I gave it 3 stars because I didn't appreciate the large amount of profanity and graphic sexual descriptions that I felt were 85% of the time completely unnecessary to the story. I am an intelligent woman who enjoys a good story, which this was, and am a Christian who doesn't enjoy reading offensive things that were written without purpose and that don't improve or increase comprehension of the story. I'm not saying that characters need to always be great people and say great things. I just don't see the point in further polluting readers' minds for no reason. It's completely possible to detail themes such as infidelity, rape, etc., without graphically describing every step of it (see Alfred Hitchcock). In fact, it takes a lot more effort and skill to do it this way.In summary, this book, to me, was like an exceedingly beautiful person who got dressed up in trashy clothes to go to a job interview. He/she would have been perfect as they were, without the trashy clothes.
This psychological suspense novel employs a unique narrative structure.  Chapters alternate between Rachel's narration of events immediately preceding and following a murder, and Megan's narration of earlier events.  A third narrator, Anna, provides another perspective on some of the post-murder happenings.Rachel, driven to alcoholism by her inability to become pregnant and her failed marriage to Tom (now remarried to Anna), experiences a blackout on the night of the murder, preventing her from recalling something critical that she observed and calling the reliability of her other memories into question.Setting-wise, this novel is also unique.  Much of the action takes place on or in the proximity of a commuter train that Rachel rides to and from work, and continues to ride even after being fired.  While the train motif enhances the unity of the story, it also tends to fuel the use of coincidence, as the same group of characters repeatedly run across one another in close proximity to the train.The closed setting, alcohol-fueled despondency of Rachel, and dysfunctional relationships that pervade this novel make for a rather dark and creepy reading experience. And while the author takes great pains to dissect the psychological motivations of her characters, she does so in a way that strains the limits of what is believable and bogs down the action just when it starts to accelerate.So this novel was kind of a mixed-bag for me.  I appreciated the creative structure of this psychological suspense novel, but felt that it dragged in places and that the characters' motivations ultimately lacked the believability one expects from this genre.
Rachel Watson has become engrossed with a couple that she sees almost daily from her train window. She's so obsessed with these strangers that she has imagined in great detail what their lives must be like and looks forward to watching them from afar. She's even given them names. Her perfect image of the pair is shattered when one day she sees too much, and suddenly Rachel finds herself swept up into a criminal investigation.""The Girl on the Train"" is told from the viewpoints of three different characters: Rachel (the main character) is the jilted, divorced drunk who watches the world from trains; Megan is the haunted, reluctant housewife; Anna is the happy home-wrecker with the perfect family. All of the characters are repulsive in one way or another, although I found Megan and Rachel easiest to root for. Over the course of time you can see that the three women have a lot of things in common whether they want to admit it or not.I found Rachel's character completely unbelievable, not because of the constant drinking but because her actions were irrational even when she was sober. I can't envision a real person behaving the way she did here, consistently going against their base instincts in this type of situation. Her story started out interesting and became boring from the repetition.I also didn't appreciate the structure of the novel. Key details are withheld from the narration of these three women until the very end. Then again, the entire story (and its length) hinges on that tricky device. In the end it did nothing for me because when it came down to the Big Reveal I found that I'd guessed it correctly early on. A little disappointing. Still, that didn't stop me from wanting to finish the book and there were a few surprises here and there. It's an interesting read but just not as good, or ""thrilling"", as I'd hoped.
I read this in almost one day.  I couldn't wait to get the double twists that I read about in reviews.  Not only was there no twist at the end, I had it figured out at least half way through.  So, it was a fun read and then a completely disappointing and predictable ending.  And I agree with other reviewers that none of the characters were particularly appealing.  I debating whether to recommend this because I did enjoy the journey . . . just not the ending.
On the plus side while I could put this book down I did feel a compelling need to go back and finish it.  There is an engaging mystery and a truly scary climax.  Three stars for that.On the minus side--the three main characters are women who in a sense are clones of each other--totally focused on the man in their lives and on actual or wished for children.  No careers, no quirks.  Weak and drippy.  The overall mood of the book is depressing.  When these characters did something strong it was either recklessly stupid or out of character.There is also the Agatha Christie cliché of the culprit at the end spilling the beans about what really happened while someone is (figuratively) tied to the railroad tracks.  That was old with Agatha Christie.The originality and unique take on contemporary life that you'll find in Gone Girl is simply not here, plus the whole view of life and women's lives in particular is just a downer.  The writing is okay but the three narrators all are alike in how they express themselves.
I probably would have enjoyed this more were it not for the countless ""NEXT GONE GIRL"" and ""HITCHCOCKIAN"" promises thrown around in countless reviews. I kept waiting for a twist that never came, and I was disappointed. An ok book, but nothing special ...and certainly no Gone Girl.
This book is definitely a page-turner, but that doesn't mean that it's really good.  It's action-packed (if you call drinking a lot a lot of action), but the three women seem very similar to one another, as do the two men to each other.  Women, weak; men, abusive.  I read it in two days and did enjoy it while reading it, but not for any poetic value or because of well-developed characters.  As others stated, it's not difficult to figure out who the murderer is.  This isn't my usually genre, but after reading Gone Girl (which I didn't love), I thought I'd give it a try.  If you're looking for well-written thrillers, try the Lacy Flint books by Sharon Bolton.  One last thing: You might feel as though you are intoxicated while reading this; Rachel loves her booze.
I enjoyed the writing style of the author but I knew almost immediately who had done it. I kept hoping I would be wrong and there would be an unseen twist. I definitely would not compare this to Gone Girl as others have because I have given that novel 5 stars. This book just became too unbelievable in the end.
This was a mediocre novel with some suspense but not enough to keep you interested until the end. Predictable ending.
The story was compelling from the beginning, even though it took awhile to get into it and figure out how it was written. Each chapter is told from a different character's viewpoint, so we learn the 'truth' about things and then another's perception of the same things. The main character has lost her job, but rides the train every day into town so her roommate won't know she is unemployed. Suffering from low self-esteem, she drinks more than she should and subsequently suffers from the occasional blackout. She passes by the same houses every day, and has made up stories about a particular couple, imagining their perfect life. When the female part of the couple goes missing, the main character inserts herself into the investigation, sure she has information that is valuable. As the mystery deepens, she then wonders if she was somehow involved, as she had a 'blackout' episode at the time of the disappearance. For me, the plot took a strange, unlikely turn, and the lead character was not a very sympathetic character. The format reminded me of ""Gone Girl"", which was a much better story.
It IS a page turner. You can read this book in one day, two at the most, and the plot drives the whole book. The unreliable narrators (there are two besides the main character) are as unlikable as they are unreliable, and there isn't a nice male in the book. Entirely plot driven; the characters are paper thin. You can figure out who-dunnit by the middle of the book. The ending is weak. I can't imagine what all the fuss is about, except that it is quick and there are lots of twists and turns, and you can't trust anyone to tell the truth.
I wanted to love this book. I had heard such good things and was relishing the thought of spending 4 hours on the flight home reading. Alas, I could just not get into it. My biggest issue was the main character - Rachel - a dysfunctional alcoholic who spends hers days trekking to London to give her land lady the appearance that she is still working. Oh, did I mention she drinks? She does. A lot. It was torturous reading. I understand the purpose of this very fatal flaw was to provide a clearly unreliable narrator, but give me a break... I felt nothing but disdain for this character. I got to the point where I was actually skipping her parts. The suppose having three narrators was 'novel' but trying to guess who and what and why got a bit annoying after a while. I know that the whole Gone Girl she wrote / he wrote style is the to-do style, but it needs to be handled with care. And don't get me started on the ending. Yawn. Yawn. Zzzz. I didn't even finish the last few pages I was so over it.
I have NO IDEA why this is #1 on the best seller list. It is OK not great. Read this book if you are on vacation or taking a flight and want a book that won't make you think. It's an easy read. None of the characters make you want to care about them or solve the case.
I have to say, I found this book depressing, boring in some spots, and hard to read. I grew up with an alcoholic mother, so this was tough reading. for me.The story keeps switching around the 3 ladies in the book and it got tough staying on point. I agree with a few reviewers that Anna and Megan should have been built up more, although this book was all about Rachel.Rachel in an alcoholic and has a 'black night' of drinking and the entire book works around, ""What happen that night."" It was a good mystery because I never guessed who the killer was until the end of the book. But getting to the end was tough. You have to pay attention to dates and who is talking to even figure out what is going on.Reading fiction is supposed to take you away and be relaxing. This is not that kind of book. I'm not sure I even know what happens to Rachel, I was so caught up in trying to figure who was telling the story in this book. For me, it just solved the mystery, but I didn't feel that the story of Rachel ended. Maybe it was just me.Even though most reviewers have reviewed this book above 3, I would not recommend it. It was not a pleasant experience for me. Please understand it could be because of the alcoholism, that isn't a pleasant memory, and it took me back there. I only bought this book because of the +20 thousand people who reviewed the book. I know more than that have read it, and for me, I wonder why?
I so wanted to love this book based on other reviews, but sadly, I only liked it.  I found the pace to be ridiculously slow and more than once I stopped reading the novel and picked up something else.  It just couldn't hold my attention.  I found myself not rooting for the main character, but instead telling her to grow up and get over it already as life could be a lot worse.  I mean you feel for her, but not enough to root for her, or anyone for that matter until very, very far into the novel,.  The ending was good, but it took too long to get there in my opinion.  I feel the comparisons to Gone Girl are a little far fetched.  With Gone Girl I was hooked from page 1 and yes when we started into the wife's chapter my interest waned a little, but I found myself wanting to continue reading to see what happened and if the pace picked up.  With this story, I could walk away for weeks and never look back.  It was ok, but I wouldn't read it again and I wouldn't highly recommend it to anyone.
I struggled thru Rachel's drunkenness. I wanted to leave the book but forced myself to finish. It is depressing  and the ending left me with a hopeless feeling.
I think that the reviews are a bit hyped.To me, this was a good book but I became a bit sick of hearing about her blackouts. It didn't seem believable really. So not terrible, but not brilliant.
So many weeks on the best seller list... I had to see for myself.  Was this a page turner like Gone Girl?  Was this loaded with twists and turns that would keep you guessing? Is this really the novel of the year?  The answer is an emphatic no!!  While this book is a fast read and time waster, it comes grossly over rated.  If you are a crime reader, spend your cash (and time ) on something professionally written. This book is relatively bland and perhaps should have been offered as a 99 cent Kindle special!
I plodded through this over-hyped mystery so annoyed by the stupid choices every character either makes or made in the past. Gone Girl did have you caring for at least one of the characters--then pulls the rug out from under you-all with a clever turn of phrase that The Girl on the Train lacks. Also, I resented the fact that key information was withheld until near the end--information one of the characters would definitely have brought up much earlier in their narrative.
The book is written in the same switchback method as 'Gone Girl' and for a while it's an engrossing thriller.  However, the train slows down in the last  30 pages or so, and the killer and ending is not the shocker one would expect from this highly praised story.  More character development would have helped but very little background is provided for each, and what there is exists mostly in conversations.  A good book, but not really deserving of all the hype.
Blasted through this book in two days despite not liking any of the characters, all of whom have no moral compass at all. The protagonist is terribly flawed and the remaining antagonists lacking in depth; however, the pace of the book was to my liking and though I thought I solved the mystery half way through the book, I really was not overly sure of myself. If you like a suspenseful book with dark, depressing, self-centered characters, read the book.
It was, I suppose, a murder mystery.  Its main character was an alcoholic to the max.  It was a sad story which easily can deplete you of energy.  Set in the U.K., the characters were disappointing - over and over again.  I know it was on the ""Best Seller List"", but from my vantage, it is difficult to understand why.
I had to think about this book for a few days after I finished it to decide how much the hype around it affected my experience reading it.  I do realize that I'm one of the last people on the planet to read this....which means I went into reading this knowing that it was supposed to be spectacular.Did I find it spectacular?  Not at all.  There was much I liked about it. Hawkins has a great writing style and sh mastered the pace of the book so that not only did she control the rate at which information became to available to the reader, but also so that she could build up the necessary dramatic tension.  The story is told through the eyes of 3 women, which sounds like a disaster.  Hawkins, however, successfully develops three distinct voices so that the reader is never confused about who is who.Rachel, the main character, is expertly drawn.  She is at rock bottom at the start of the book and manages to go lower and lower.  My reaction to her was not that she was unlikable, but that she was pitiful and I believe that was what Hawkins was going for with her.The story itself is interesting, although I will admit to figuring out the mystery well before I think the author wanted me to. For most of my life, that would be a major strike against the book. However, I've become such a critical reader in the past few years that I've learned to just accept that as par for the course in my reading now.  Because of that, I don't think I'm a good source for someone wanting to know if they'll be surprised by twists and turns in this book.My biggest problems with the book was that I couldn't find a single character to really root for.  As I said, Rachel was pathetic to the point that she felt like a lost cause. All the other major characters, whoever, were just downright unlikable.  I couldn't stand any of them.  I think Hawkins tried to make two of the minor characters--Megan's therapist and Rachel's roommate--somewhat ""nice"" but she essentially failed on both counts.  Megan's therapist, well, makes some bad choices.  Rachel's roommate, Cathy, on the other hand, is just downright unbelievable.  Most of the time, she's little Miss Sunshine and, when she's not, she doesn't really have any teeth in her bite.  I'm not saying that Hawkins needed a nice hero in this book somewhere but, as a reader, I needed someone--even a minor character--that I felt had some humanity and who I could root for.  Without that, I never felt completely pulled into the book.In line with that, I really felt that there was some serious male-bashing in this book.  The men, like everyone else, are not ""nice,"" but they are not nice in very stereotypical and predictable ways.  I wish Hawkins had found a more unique way to create the male characters and had stayed away from tired cliches.In the end, The Girl on the Train didn't live up to the hype for me, nor did I feel that it was unique enough to deserve all the hype.  However, I can recognize why others would enjoy this book.  While I would recommend this book, I would be selective on who I would recommend it to.  This book is really for people who are looking for something dark and twisty and are able to get sucked into a book without needing a character for them to root for.
This is a fast read and not overly taxing on the brain as it is not difficult to follow.  It is not one of those more complex reads where you have to keep going back to what you have previously read to figure out how the puzzle pieces fit together.  There are four narrators, each unlikeable in his or her own way. The central conceit of the novel is the unreliability of Rachel Watson, former wife of Tom Watson, who is now married with a daughter to Anna.  Rachel is a lonely, unemployed alcoholic who takes the train every day into London because she does not want to tell her roommate Cathy that she was fired from her job. The train itself becomes a character in the novel - probably the only reliable one with its fixed schedules and stops. A central theme of the novel is that things are not always as they appear and much of what we perceive may be illusory.  The novel revolves around two residences on Blenheim Road in Witney, outside of London,  whose backyards are visible from the windows of the train Rachel takes every morning and evening. Rachel lived with Tom in one of the two residences, the exact residence where Tom and Anna now reside, a few doors down from Megan and Scott. The novel concerns itself with what goes on in the lives of these four people.  Rachel becomes obsessed with Megan's murder, a woman married to Scott, whose lives Rachel observes and obsesses about as she concocts a fantasy about their relationship from her perch on the seat of a moving train.  Rachel feels lost and alone and her interest inMegan's murder makes her feel ""connected.""  She says, ""I am no longer just a girl on the train, going back and forth without point orpurpose."" Rachel longs to be ""part of the story."" Rachel experiences blackouts due to her alcoholism and she struggles to remember what happens during those times, thus making her an unreliable narrator and an unreliable witness.  The novel alternates back and forth in time from the viewpoint of each of the four main characters, but again - not hard to follow. The central mystery of the novel is:  What exactly happened in the underpass by Blenheim Road the night of Megan's disappearance? Each of the characters harbor secrets, suffer losses and have regrets.The action of the novel is much like the movement of a train - the plot moves forward, then it moves backward; there are starts and stops in Rachel's quest to ""get to the end of the story.""I would recommend this novel and as we head into summer, it makes a good beach read. This is plot-driven, so if you are hoping for a deep psychological analysis of what makes these characters tick, you will be sorely disappointed.  Their characterizations are extremely shallow and superficial, but if you are looking to pass the time with a book that will probably hold your attention, this will do the trick.
I read ""Girl on a Train"" after I had read two other books in succession that required the reader to deal with multiple narrators of the story line. Once realizing this, I think I had an ""Oh no!  Not this again! "" reaction at the start which may have colored my reaction to THIS book. The addition of dates  (month, day date and year) to each chapter narrated by each story teller did not help my overall opinion of the technique.  I thought about getting out a calendar to keep track of everything but then decided it wasn't worth the effort.This story is supposedly set in England yet there is little or nothing English about it with the possible exception of  the names of a few English towns and a typically English phrase here and there.  It could have just as easily been set in  any other country if a few town names and phrases were all the author planned to give us for local color.The lead character is portrayed as an alcoholic whose drinking ruins her marriage and career,  and nearly ruins her relationship with her landlady, a friend whose willingness to allow her drunken friend to live with her defies reason and lacks any plausible explanation.  She has a mother who hands over money without question whenever she needs it and I thought it was notable that no one in the book ever suggested that she get professional help for her alcoholism.  This suggests to me that the author either doesn't know anything about alcoholism or didn't want to bother finding out before setting up her primary character with the disease. At one point, the author allows her alcoholic to declare herself ""sober"" after an abstinence of less than a day.  Anyone who has watched a few Dr. Phil shows on the subject knows better than that.Overall, this book presents the reader with a rather tedious guessing game of who will turn out to be the real killer of a young wife and mother.  By the time I got to the end where the killer's identity was revealed, I found I didn't care.
Being English, I was the only one in my book club group who could fully visualize all the descriptive passages about the trains, the houses backing up to the railway lines, what the houses would look like, the stations, the underpass, and what the residential streets would be like.  I have, in my former life taken many, many commuter type journeys mostly around the suburbs of London, and know just what the experience is like, especially the unpleasantness of the heat and overcrowding.That knowledge alone made it a very real experience for me, as there was a huge amount of time spent with this.  I hope that the words were good enough to make anyone who has not experience this ""feel it"" too.As for the story itself, I wasn't really wowed by it.  I found the time frames a little difficult to begin with, until I realized it really did matter to know when the particular action occurred.  It was a style that did get easier as I progressed through the book, but initially I had to keep going back, and as I was reading this on my Kindle it is a pain to keep having to do this.I didn't like any of the characters very much, and Rachel was just plain annoying.  I know she had suffered problems in her past, and I should be more understanding of her drinking problem.  I just wanted to be able to grab her by the shoulders and get her to straighten herself out before she destroyed everything she might have in the future.There were certainly plenty of ""whodunnit"" twists, but I did begin to suspect the perpetrator of the crime about 2/3 through the book.  The plot made me want to keep turning the pages as I wanted the answer to the riddle, I just wish I had found the characters more likeable/believable, I just can't quite put my finger on what I didn't like about them.  Maybe it was just that they were British!
The Girl on the Train belongs to the category of trashy mega-bestsellers of the Gone Girl caliber. The “girls” in both titles are my age but the titles are not imprecise. These are not Bildungsromane. The adult protagonists live the results of the female development that pursues infantilization. The three female narrators of The Girl on the Train are not just infantilized. They are infants. These women refuse to reach at least the toddler stage and learn to form and retain memories. Their helplessness and neediness can only be compared to that of an infant. And the symbolic mother from whom they demand constant nourishment and comfort is, obviously, a man.Men are needed to mother the infant-women but, at the same time, they are an object of intense rage and resentment if they fail to bring the nourishing tit to the screaming infant-wife the second she demands it. The men are all-powerful, mysterious forces who sometimes choose to torture the infants by keeping the crucial tit away. This process could not be more similar to the psychoanalytic description of the relationship between an infant and his mother’s breast. And, of course, the consequences of the breast staying away for too long are the predictable oral-stage traumas.As trashy and devoid of any artistic merit as they are, these bestsellers are an important cultural phenomenon. The moribund Gender Studies programs could be reinvigorated if they started with a course on what actual women actually read, talk and care about so massively. There is absolutely nothing in today’s gender theory that would even remotely try to address the issues that preoccupy women today. Feminist theory (theory, not practice) has grown completely irrelevant to the majority of women. These bestsellers that I keep reading – in spite of their long-windedness, poor quality, and extraordinary repetitiveness – are enormously more valuable than the mountains of recent publications on gender that I study for work.I can’t give The Girl on the Train more than 3 stars because the author is inexperienced, clumsy, and drags things out like’s she’s paid by the word. There is definite value in the book as a cultural phenomenon, however.
The concept was good but the author chose to dwell on Rachel's drunkenness a little bit too much. It became tedious quickly. The story was complicated with characters sleeping with each other's husbands or wives. An interesting book,yes. But it did not quite hit the mark.
I got a Kindle sample of this book, but didn't buy it because I was bored with even that. After seeing all the favorable reviews, I decided to get it from the library and tried again. I am glad I read it, was entertained, but still don't agree with all the hype it has received.The premise for the story is interesting. A lonely despondent girl (Rachel) on a train watching the actions of a couple as she views them from the window when the train passes by their backyard twice a day. She fantasizes about the couple, even naming them and creating the story of their life and relationship. The story takes some interesting twists and turns when Rachel sees something unexpected as the train passes by one day. That is the point at which this book becomes more interesting, and grabbed my interest.The author did a good job of describing each character's point of view, frame of mind and history. I felt like I could understand each character in some way., and get a sense of what they were about. Oddly, Rachel was the least developed character in the book. Interesting that she was the least real to me, yet she is the protagonist in this book. The description of her seemed made me perceive her as a shell of a person. I am not sure if this was intentional, since she seemed to be a deeply troubled person. But I would expect a deeply troubled person to feel less flat and dull as I read about her. Rachel's actions were often very unbelievable and unrealistic.I was entertained by this book, and stayed with it because I wanted to see what happened in the end. But I was not overly impressed.
I didn't like any of the characters.
Lots of hype around this book.  I mostly found it tedious as an alcoholic tries to remember what she did or didn't witness.  I'd say it falls right in the middle -- better than some, but not as good as it should be.
If anyone in this book had approached alcoholism as an illness and not a character flaw, this would have been a very boring tale.  Still, it kept nagging at me: why doesn't anyone offer her help instead of pity?
I thought this would be just the kind of audiobook to take on a long car journey, and indeed its eleven hours took me almost exactly from Georgia to Maryland. But it made for a rather disturbing, even depressing trip. Of course, you do not expect a thriller to induce a state of calm, but I would have preferred it had the story drawn me in, working out the clues, enjoying the twists. There was a bit of that, but for the most part I felt captive to the breathless hysteria of three first-person narrators (read by three different readers) -- all rather dislikeable women of around thirty who consistently make stupid choices.Actually, I was quite impressed by the exposition. On her daily commute into London, Rachel, the title character, makes up little stories about the young couple in a house giving onto the line where the train regularly stops at a signal. One day, she notices something that breaks the pattern, and begins to worry. Then we get a different narrator, the actual woman whom Rachel has been observing, but she is talking about a period a year earlier. Gradually, we discover that the picture we had formed of both women is wrong in just about every important respect. We also learn that, though they do not know each other, there is a connection between them through Rachel's ex-husband and his new wife, who eventually becomes the third narrator.That's about as far as I should go. However, within a few pages we discover that Rachel is an alcoholic. This is a two-edged sword. I soon came to hate seeing her down two bottles of wine at a time, lose control in public, and lie to her friends and herself. At the same time, her condition and her tendency to have blackouts makes her the perfect Unreliable Narrator. When it seems that there has been a crime, and she comes home bleeding and incontinent, neither she nor the listener can be sure whether she has been a witness, a victim, or even the killer. Neither of the other narrators is that far gone, but all three hide the truth behind the lies they tell themselves and others.The novel could do with being 40% shorter. There is an awful lot of angst to be gotten through in each chapter before we get to some significant event or new piece of information; with characters who went straight to the truth, the whole thing could have been over in 150 pages. The print reader soon knows when to read fast and when to linger, but the audiobook listener is captive to the pace of the three narrators. All of these are good, not only in delineating their own characters, but also in giving voice to the many others (even the men) encountered by each. But Hawkins' tendency to write in very short sentences makes for a breathless subdued hysteria throughout. And the general fecklessness of almost all the characters makes the story frustrating and depressing by turns, with simply not enough of the mystery element to compensate.
It's pretty easy to sum up this book; it's about messed up people, doing messed up things to one another. Plain and simple. There are no likable characters here, there are no protagonists, it's just bad seed after bad apple. The main character of the story Rachael is a pathetic mess of a person, to put it nicely. She's a raging alcoholic who spend hers days in a voyeuristic make believe land of her own alcohol soaked mind. She's like James Stewart in Alfred Hitchcock's classic, Rear Window, but a complete drunk who is depressed and has no direction in life.To say that this book is a depressing read would be an understatement because I'm not exaggerating when I say there are no protagonists to root for in this story. Everyone is either sad, depressed, a drunk, a cheat, a liar, or any combination of the five. Sometimes that can still work, case in point, Gillian Flynn's wildly popular GONE GIRL, which is often times mentioned in the same sentence as this book. But it doesn't work here and it's not just because of the characters themselves, but also some of the unbelievable scenarios of the book. The character of Megan falling for her therapist happens almost immediately, upon their first meeting , with no build up whatsoever. Next, the character of Anna doesn't seem to have a problem with her husband Tom constantly calling and consoling his ex-wife, Rachael. And the real problem with the book is the big reveal at the end. I won't spoil it for you, but it just abruptly happens and I didn't for a second believe it.The book is not all bad. As I said, it is very Hitchcockian, of whom I am a big fan, and for this being Paula Hawkins first novel, she did an admirable job, but if you are looking for a book that is in the same vein as this, but is pulled off much better, check out the recently released REMEMBER ME THIS WAY, by Sabine Durrant. It is more deserving of the praise that this book seems to be getting. I give THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN a 3/5
There's a voyeur in all of us, I think. My inner people-watcher comes out during evening walks, when I pass the houses in my neighborhood and catch a glimpse of a life through the gaps in the blinds or curtains. It's not enough to see anything, really, just a fragment or two of a family or couple or solo person sitting at their dining table or lounging in their living room, just moments caught in the passing. But the wheels in my head start turning: Who are these people? What stories do they have? It begs the question: Who are we really in our most unguarded moments?The interstices of the passing-by—that's where the drama in Paula Hawkins's The Girl on the Train begins. It starts with Rachel Watson, an ordinary commuter on her way to work, who becomes obsessed with watching a row of houses along the tracks. At a signal stop, she peers into a home, watching a couple she calls ""Jason and Jess,"" imagining and craving their domestic bliss as they breakfast in the garden. Then one day Rachel spies something amiss. * SPOILER ahead: She catches ""Jess"" kissing a man—someone not her husband. * Unsurprisingly it turns her fantasy world upside down. Surprisingly it sets her real world into a tailspin.We discover that Rachel isn't just some innocent, casual observer. She used to live in the same neighborhood she watches with such scrutiny and obsession. Two years earlier, Rachel lived a very different life, she was married and lived in an identical home two doors down from the couple (real names, Megan and Scott Hipwell) she watches. We also learn that Rachel is an alcoholic whose life starts to unravel during the course of the novel and whose addiction predictably erodes our trust in her as a reliable narrator. She also regularly stalks her ex-husband, Tom and his new wife, Anna, particularly during her binges, to an alarming degree.Then the proverbial sh*t hits the fan: * SPOILER ahead: Megan goes missing. * Rachel is horrified and yet also discovers that she's more alive than she's felt in a long time. ""I am interested, for the first time in ages, in something other than my own misery. I have purpose. Or at least, I have a distraction."" The investigation that follows becomes more than just a distraction but an obsession. Megan becomes a kind of a holy grail/crusade for Rachel, a symbol of everything she once had and then lost, a way to redeem herself.There's only one problem: * SPOILER ahead: The night before Megan disappeared, Rachel blacked out. She thinks she saw something but she wakes up the next morning at home with a bloody bump on her head and no reliable memory of what happened. * The rest of the book is dominated by Rachel trying to make sense of that missing chunk of her timeline and trying to help with the investigation. Rachel's viewpoint alternates with those of Anna and Megan.As a reading experience, The Girl on the Train is a compulsive read; I'll wholeheartedly give it that. It's a page-turner, and props need to go to Hawkins for her sense of pacing and expert character study. I loved how Rachel is such a mess. Hawkins rains down Murphy's Law on Rachel like the vengeful, Old Testament God. There is something distasteful and yet also sympathetic about her and in many ways I could see myself in her shoes. I could relate to how the trajectory of her life falls so steeply. A few stumbles is all it takes to succumb to the spiral. How fragile is our self-confidence and self-esteem. Sometimes it isn't easy to dig yourself out of the hole. Sometimes the only direction you can go is down.Yet despite having the basic set up for a pulsating, inventive thriller, The Girl on the Train didn't stun and wow. I'm being tough here because I was really blown away by Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl, a book that this novel aspires to. Hawkins's novel is psychologically taut but it lacks the wickedness and darkness that Gone Girl gave us in spades. Ultimately stripped of the huge marketing hype, The Girl on the Train is a solid thriller but a purely conventional one. Hawkins gives us rather obvious red herring suspects with * SPOILER ahead: the therapist that Megan visits, the bereaved husband, Scott, and the grinning stranger on the train Rachel keeps running into. * When we finally get the big reveal at the end, it wasn't *that* gasp-worthy. I was actually hoping for something more 'twist-worthy' like maybe Rachel had more of a hand in the disappearance, or maybe a split-personality twist in the end. I liked the complication of Rachel having a case of amnesia caused by her alcohol-fueled blackouts, but I found it a little too convenient when she suddenly remembers. For me, too much of the climax hinged on Rachel's state of mind and the just-in-time pop of clarity she experiences, than any real sleuthing or epiphany on her part.A solid read with a lot of momentum—sure, go read it!—but it doesn't have any of the earth-shattering complexity and delicious depravity and cold-hearted intelligence we get in Gone Girl.[Disclaimer: I received an ARC of this book from the publisher for an honest and candid review. This review was originally written for LibraryThing Early Reviewers.]
I have to admit: the premise of this story drew me in. Especially with everyone's constant comparison to Gillian Flynn. But oh man, I finished the book thinking, ""this feels like an awful episode of Law and Order: Special Victims Unit."" The characters were not just unlikable, but also unbelievable. Rachel, the main character of the story, seems like a crazy nut-job that absolutely NO public official would ever believe. She's constantly ""black-out drunk"" and consistently making bad decisions. There's just no way that someone could be THAT much of an idiot. I agree with another viewer also in saying that the voices of the women in the novel are at times interchangeable and the point of view switches so often that there were a few times when I went back to see who's portion I was reading.All of the ""cold-blooded killer"" suspects in this story seem like something a horny housewife came up. Scott, Tom, and Kamal are all apparently ridiculously good looking and psychotically crazy. Each of their dialogue is as corny as can be. Towards the end of the book I just couldn't help thinking, ""I would be cracking up if a supposed 'killer' was talking this way to me.""Overall, I would say that the book definitely drew me in. I read it in approximately 3 days. Was it worth it if you're looking for a quality piece of murder mystery nonfiction? No. Was it worth if you're looking for a trashy beach read? Likely.
I generally don't review books, but after reading this one I felt I should.  I know we don't all like the same things but there seems to be a great deal of gushing about how great and suspenseful and shocking it is and I have to say I found it average at best.  It started promisingly and did present some challenges to the reader's perspective, but the ending felt so staged and contrived and quite frankly, predictable that I just don't understand all the five star reviews.  It was as if the author knew this was going to be made into a film so she went from writing a somewhat interesting mystery for the first two thirds of the book to drafting a Hollywood crowd-pleasing script ending.  It held my interest and the main character Rachel was well written and not at all conventional (her struggle with alcohol was treated realistically) but I felt slighted by the last page.  It had a great deal of potential as a dark and disturbing commentary on refusing to let go and our habit of  magical thinking when it comes to comparing our lives and ourselves to others.  Unfortunately, the finish was far too vanilla and common.
I thought this was a great story.  I really did.  I tore through this book to see what happened next and to find out whodunit. However, I'm glad it was a short, fast read because if I had to spend any more time with any of those characters, I was going to shoot myself. These are some of the worst people I've met in a book--or real life, for that matter. The most irritating was the one we spent the most time with, Rachel.  She's not only unlikable, but painfully pathetic.  She's a person with whom I'm very glad I don't relate.  But, for me, having at least a little connection/relation to the main character enhances my enjoyment of a work.  I hated Rachel.  I hated all these people.  I felt no sympathy for any of them, not even the murder victim.  Also, there were several distracting spelling errors (not just British spelling differences, but actual errors) that I couldn't believe were missed by an editor.  This book is worth reading just for the story, but if you're like me, and you'd prefer to actually care about at least one of the characters in a book, this will annoy you.
I was excited to read this from the reviews. However, it was very easy to predict the ending and it drug on much to long.  I would not read another book by this author
A fair murder mystery story that is a little too predictable. Maybe it's a AA endorsement. Bet thePolice would love for all their cases to be so neatly tied up.
Mixed emotions here.  I was really looking forward to this book, based on the reviews, liking this type of book, having lived in London, and rode the train numerous times.  Maybe my expectations were, therefore, too high.  I found it hard to ""root for"" anyone; even the main character was hard to feel for, as her difficulties were for the most part self inflicted.  You have to pay attention reading this book.  The chapters switch among the three main characters, which was easy enough to follow.  But what I missed at first is that they are not necessarily in chronological order.  So when I got to a new chapter and saw which character's perspective was being told, I had to read the date and then go back to the previous chapter and compare dates to see if I was going backwards in time.  Easy enough to figure out, but just something to keep track of.  I never got to the point of ""can't wait to pick it up and read some more"", although I was interested enough to finish it just to see what happened.  I thought the writing was well done.  Good book, not great.
Deeply tragic book about human frailties and evils.  The characterization about addictive disordered behavior rings true.  One too many plot twists.
Who is to argue with success given that as I write this the book is number one on the fiction bestseller list? In part, that is why I read it (plus a recommendation from my wife who liked the book). This is bottom line a highly improbable story that takes the reader on some fun and entertaining twists and turns which makes it an ideal beach read. This is not a serious or very noteworthy literary achievement and I don’t think it was written to be anything more than an entertainment… and at that it is a success. Some say The Girl on the Train is the next Gone Girl and it is similar to the extent that the characters here like Gone Girl are impossible to like.something in an adjacent apartment while riding a computer train into London. Rachel is quite simply an unreliable narrator…she is an alcoholic (alcoholic black outs play a large part in the plot)…divorced… has gained weight and was recently fired  having been drunk on the job. Yet she still commutes into London each day to a job she no longer has. Then there is Anna who was Rachel’s ex-husband Tom’s mistress and now is Tom’s new wife. Tom and Anna have a child that Anna fears Rachel wants to kidnap. And finally there is Megan a neighbor of Anna that is unhappy in her marriage to Scott and disappears. Did she run away with someone else? Did her husband do something as the police think so (it’s always the husband isn’t it?)? It is Megan and Scott, that ideal couple that Rachel sees from the window of the train.  Along the way we get police detectives and both husband’s back stories and a mysterious man on the train as well as Rachel’s roommate… but the focus is on Rachel and her alcoholic damaged mind. Is it possible she did something that provoked the crime? She can’t remember. If she could the book would have been much shorter.  As you may have guessed this is a book where nothing is as it seems and everyone has secrets and rather ugly secrets at that. The men in this book are not treated very kindly but this is a story told from the perspective of three damaged women. Well told and entertaining but very improbable. Take it to the beach.  The structure of the book takes some getting used to and the story starts out a bit slow and awkward. We are given three female character narrators who each tell their stories in the first person. The main character is Rachel who is the girl on the train. Rachel sees
I was expecting more after all the wonderful reviews I had read on Amazon.  The so- called twist at the end was transparent and disappointing.
Perhaps the book was too hyped up before I read it.  Not as suspenseful as I was led to believe.  Story jumped around too much for my tastes
Fun read somewhat immature some suspense interesting characters  I would not recommend it to hard core mystery readers but to beach readers
Overall the book was good and was an interesting premise.The middle of the story seem to drag on too long without much really happening.
Was too repetitious. Rachel was not a sympathetic character. Nor were others.  Would not recommend reading this book. Very disappointing
Too repetitious; would be much better as a short story! Constant shift in perspective is not beneficial, but is repetitive and annoying.
This was an intriguing story but was depressing at the same time. There is a lot of drinking by Rachel who takes the train to work every day and entertains herself by imaging the lives of the people who live in the houses in her old neighborhood. ""Her house"" is occupied by her ex- husband and new wife. She is bitter and sounds like a person that would be hard to like.She eventually runs into these character and the interactions turn deadly. I did not like any of the characters. Book is well written but I did not really care for it.
It's very hard to like any of the characters in this book but it is a page-turner. Not the best or the worst I've ever read.
Very disjointed story that skips around from character to character and history to present time.  The main protagonist, Rachel is a self-destructing drunk who is impossible to like.  She appears to be stalking her ex-husband, his present wife and an old neighbor of theirs.  This is billed as a suspense novel, but actually it is the writer who is concealing plot revelations as long as she can just to irritate us. So WHAT did Mac do to make Megan such a basket case?  Megan knows,  the writer knows but they just refuse to tell us so that we have to read more.  Rachel is a problem drinker and drinks to the point of blacking out.  What exactly happens during these blackouts is key to the story. Are we told? No.  In the book, Rachel gradually remembers.  In real life a drunk does not remember blackouts-- ever.  This is cheating.  I figured out the mystery portion about halfway through.  After that I ended up skimming lots of pages.  Fairly depressing novel.
I found the story interesting, but disliked all of the female main characters so strongly. Made it hard to really enjoy...
I was expecting to enjoy this a lot more than I did.  I think the trouble was that it is packed full of damaged characters and it was very hard to either like or emphasise with them.  From memory the main character’s landlady was the only positive character!Anyway, girl on train sees same people as her train makes a regular stop at the signals.  And one day she sees something that is “wrong” and from that basic premise we unravel her story and those she interacts with.  As murder and mayhem ensues it felt that too much effort was put into the various “broken” characters and twists but it needed a blend of normal behaviours and people.It is not a bad first book but tries a little too hard to be the next “Gone Girl” without just wanting to be a clever thriller.
Meh.  I wasn't very impressed.  While the story line was okay, I felt that it was predictable.  I think all the hype set me up for disappointment.  I felt that a lot of things were repeated, and grew tired of reading the same types of details used to describe the characters.  I thought it was interesting when the author went into detail about alcohol induced blackouts, but once again, mentioned it so many times, which played a part in the predictability.  The way the story wrapped up was especially jarring and disappointing.  it was unrealistic, and again, contributed to it's predictability.  its a short and somewhat enjoyable read, and many people enjoy it.  If you're looking for a book to jolt your senses, push buttons, or affect your emotions in any way, this book is not for you.
I purchased this book as there are great reviews online. Additionally, it's a best-seller on Amazon and the New York Times. It is billed as gripping as ""Gone Girl"" and I absolutely loved that book. I purchased this for me and my best friend, as we often read the same books at the same time.Overall, I was a bit disappointed in the book. It was well-written and suspenseful, but I think I had my hopes up too high. It was okay, but I don't know if it can be compared to ""Gone Girl"" in terms of amazing writing with twists and turns. My best friend felt the same way. I think that I would read this book again, but I wouldn't purchase it if I had to do it all over again. I would wait until it came available in the library or a friend would let me borrow it.
I enjoyed reading this book. The writer does an excellent job of characterizing each POV character, so she clearly knows her stuff in that department. The plot was pretty straightforward, but I guessed the solution much sooner than I expected to (and, as it turns out, hoped to) in a book so highly lauded. After I made the crucial connection, I dutifully finished the book, but it wasn't nearly as fun. Cheers to the writer for completing a book that has garnered a good deal of attention and praise, but I likely will not be recommending this as anything more than a summer beach book. If you're looking for a way to knock off a few hours, you could do much worse. If you're looking for a thriller to challenge your powers of observation, you could do much better.
Very slow getting started.  With alternating narrators and dates that are important but sometimes jump back and forth, I wished I were reading a book instead of my Kindle.  I ended up taking notes to avoid significant confusion.  I took notes up to about 41%.  By then everything was pretty easy to follow, but the dates continued to be critically important.  Once I got to 49% I was deeply involved and it was intense and enjoyable and I finished in about 24 hours, during which I did other things as well.  It was somewhat like Gone Girl although I ended up liking this and I totally hated Gone Girl because I didn't care if either character lived or died, in fact I wish she had died at the end.  These characters, while flawed people were at least sympathetic.
The premise is great. An ex wife (Rachel) rides the train each day on the way to a job she no longer has because she was too drunk to hold on to it, or hold on to her ex. One day riding the train, passing behind the house she used to live in with her ex, she sees something two doors down at the house where she has created a fantasy backstory for the couple who lives there. Then the neighbor, Jess/Megan goes missing. The story is told in chapters of alternating voices: Rachel, the ex-wife of Tom; Anna, who marries Tom next; and Megan, who lives two doors down, gores missing, and is not what she seems, either. In fact, nothing is as it first seems. What happens to Megan?  Who is responsible?  About three quarters of the way through, I had a pretty good idea. The book reaches a slow climax and then unravels predictably because the author leaves big fat clues everywhere.  Nothing subtle here.
It is not the kind of book that you would want to make time to read it; rather it is good entertainment while you are commuting, waiting in the It line, or having nothing else to do.I have mostly read the book on the train - probably better this way in the first place. Five minutes now and then make me more emotionally and sympathetic connected to the main characters. But I feel a bit uncomfortable that is a book of how two women fell, stupidly and desperately for a bad, smart guy. I will be looking forward to a book that's the other way round - stupid boys fell in love with dangerous, smart and bad girls.Sorry that I am a lousy reviewer, but anyway - the book is good to kill your time, but don't get your hopes up.
I didn't really sense any ""suspense"" in this novel until I reached the half way point. I was annoyed with keeping track of chapters with dates, and there are three different female voices which makes this a difficult type of book to read on a Kindle. I almost quit half way through the book because I just didn't like anyone in the story. However, I'm glad I finished it because the author did eventually bring the story to a satisfying conclusion. I have read reviews that compare it to Gone Girl and it doesn't rise to that level at all. I think I would have edited out half the alcoholic stupors for Rachel because I just got tired of her reasons and excuses for being how she was. The book is simply Okay.
I liked the book, I didn't love it. The concept was interesting, but the execution was weak at times. I guessed where the book was going about half way through, and I was disappointed that I was correct. I had hoped there would be a twist at the end, which would knock-my-socks-off, The  re was not.This was a book that I could easily put down and feel no urgency about getting back to reading. The Girl on The Train is not a novel I will read again. I am always surprised when an okay book makes it to the NY Times best seller list and last as long as this one has. Maybe I would have been more impressed if  I could have borrowed it from the Kindle or public electronic library. It was not a waste of time, but not a particularly good use of time either.
Well, I just wanted to write a review that would've helped me if I had seen it before reading this book...If you're bored and need something to do, read it, but it's not as notable as the hype was all about. It was slow and the only great part was the end, not the ending though. It all builds up to one point, and you have to struggle to get there. The lives are intertwined very unrealistically and everyone is painted as the ""bad guy"". I do like the view of the book through an alcoholic, it adds a different feel and makes you doubt what you are reading. This book does not compare AT ALL to Gone Girl. Not even close.
I read ""The Girl on the Train"" entirely on the train--actually the subway--and it's a great, light read for my commute (unlike Rachel, I don't drink on the train, but I do love to read to pass the time!). It was a compelling premise--woman thinks she might have been witness to a crime, but doesn't remember due to alcoholic blackouts--and definitely passed the time entertainingly, although it did get a little repetitious in the last third of the story. The use of shifting narrators was clever, but not quite clever enough to stop me from figuring out the true killer ages before the denouement!
It kept my attention, and I finished reading it, but the whole plot seemed very contrived.
For some reason, I was expecting a Gone Girl-style twist in this novel but it was more of a slow build to an increasingly obvious conclusion. It was also kind of like the Lifetime movie of novels - there may be an entertaining storyline, but there's nothing brilliant about it, no real themes or moral to the story, no character development of any significance or depth... It just kind of describes a series of events and tries to thrill the reader a bit. Over all, it was worth reading because it held my attention for a week, but I won't likely sing its praises to anyone or recommend it.
3.5 stars actually. I was a fan of Gone Girl and this book is structured similarly. The first half was really suspenseful but, just like with Gone Girl, I figured out about half way through who the real villain was. That takes some of the suspense and enjoyment out of the reading. Another issue I had  is that the entire narrative depends on the main character's frequent and complete alcoholic blackouts. Now granted I don't know much about alcoholic blackouts but they seemed a bit too convenient in terms of the narrative. In fact, without them, the entire plot wouldn't exist. So, in summary, if you liked Gone Girl you'll probably like this one just don't expect to be too surprised when the killer is revealed.
I really had to push myself to get into this novel. It was a tad confusing, until you realized three different women were speaking in different chapters, but that was never made clear. That made things muddled.  I really had to push myself to get into this novel. It was a tad confusing, until you realized three different women were speaking in different chapters, but that was never made clear. The whole novel was jerky like that, and did not flow well. All in all it was a creepy story, but I was glad when I was finally done with it. I can't say I recommend it at all.
It definitely holds your attention and is a page turner. But the women are so weakly portrayed.All 3 women are one-dimensional characters who see their value in society only with a man or child.Even the lead character's room mate the 4th woman in the book is identified as someone running after her boyfriend.Ordinary housewives definitely have more character and strength than what the women in this book are shown as. All are lusting for men and used and abused in some way by them.And still they dont make any bold choices to establish their independence.
This was a very well-written book, but the jumping back and forth between narrators was initially confusing, and didn't help to cement what I knew about the characters.  The other thing was that they switched times, too, so that added to the confusion.  AND, quite frankly, until the end, none of the characters, either main ones or secondary ones, were particularly attractive, so I didn't end up caring about them.  That is a death knell, in my opinion, and, despite it being well-done in a literate sense, I doubt if I would recommend it to anyone.
I would really like to give this a 3.5It was a really interesting story with twists and surprises.  I was engaged to the end, would probably read other books by this author ... But if a perfect 5 is the best book I've ever read, then a 4 needs to be those that come close.  While I enjoyed this there were many things that bothered me.  Mostly bad choices by the main character.  Mostly a kind of annoyance factor.  That said, without her poor choices there probably would be no story to tell!  I enjoyed the book enough to be glad I read it.
I didn't enjoy the start of this book and nearly put it down but because I didn't have anything else to read at the time I persevered and am glad I did. Whilst the whodunit side was fairly obvious by the third quarter of the book I was compelled to finish as I had finally found some empathy for the main character. I'm not sure I would bother reading one of her novels again but am not disappointed that I read this. The main issue for me was the dislikable main character who wasn't quite complex enough to be interesting either
The writing was engaging, and the plot moved along nicely. However, none of the characters were like-able, and because of that I found it impossible to really care what happened to any of them. Also, the meeting between Rachel and Anna that led to the final resolution seemed out of character for both of them, thus making the ending seem contrived. On the other hand, the characters were richly drawn, and the author did a good job of showing how people's lives can be intertwined. I would read another book by this author.
I had anticipated a bit more writing talent, this was an okay story, one good enough to not put down without finishing but, on the other hand, had I lost it or not finished it I would not have cared.Made out to be much more suspenseful than I found it to be and the details a bit outlandish, like trying to fit jigsaw puzzle pieces into a puzzle where they truly don't fit and say "" there, that's good enough"".Read it if there's nothing better around but I would not pay for it.  Just okay.
Hmmmm - I loved the title and the premise of this thriller, but did not care for the character development (all characters seemed so alike minus the alcoholic Rachel).  Though the plot captivated my attention, it was a bit like watching a train wreck which needed to be concluded so I could move on to something else.  I can't recommend this due to the above, and am disappointed that the writer had such a great idea for a story, but failed to live up to the potential thus could not captivate this reader.
I'm enjoying it, but it does leave something to be desired.  The main character is a boring drunk who I can't really build up any positive (or even negative!) feeling toward.  I just find the main character uninteresting.  The story line is interesting, but slow.  Still, I'm reading it, and it's holding my attention enough to finish the book.  But I won't be feeling the urge to re-read it time and time again I don't imagine!
I found the book okay but nothing special.  Disliked the idea that the main character was in some type of stupor due to alcohol in the entire book so it made the entire story somewhat boring.  I prefer my main characters to be in full command of their senses and have a little more realistic goals and have a stronger character. Nevertheless, it was okay but perhaps my gender had something to do about my analysis of it. Uper
Book seemed slow at the start, so I just couldn't get into it.
I have to say I got sucked in after all the 5s reviews, but I just can't believe we read the same book.It is incredibly slow, the characters are: flat, stereotypical, non likable, and just so dumb I felt like shaking them.I would have rated it 2 stars, except for the fact that somewhere around the last 50-75 pages It finally felt interesting.Still, don't get what all the hype is about.
I give this book three stars because in the end it was well written and I was entertained. However, I found the story to be predictable and after a while the three main characters bored me - yes it's a story full of murder, sex and intrigue ... but it's really just about a bunch of selfish women who don't care how their actions effect others. Eh. I did feel for the main character Rachel though.
I would give it 3.5 stars if possible. There is no denying the book is a page turner.  Whether it i from watching too many crimes dramas or I missed my calling as a detective, my early on hunch proved correct.  That said while the characters are developed, not one of them had any redeeming qualities that made me connect to sympathize with or empathize.  Still and all an entertaining read.
three separate stories,, and no clear ""good"" guy.
The most interesting aspect of this book was its portrayal of alcoholism - its causes and its costs.  It is interesting that another recent novel ""Elizabeth is Missing"" also has an investigator undermined by a disability, in her case dementia.  Perhaps its a trend!  I found the male characters a bit unreal and the rhythm of events a bit sleepy making but it was a clever idea..
I was anxious to read the book as there was so much pre publication hype. I think overall it was just disappointing. I found the chapters jumping from woman to woman sometimes confusing. The story line had so many characters and really none embraced me. I am still trying to figure out the man on the train. Predictable characters....ending a bit far fetched....just disappointing!
The book is written in the first person from three different characters.  I found this writing style overly confusing and cumbersome.as I would often forget which character was writing.  Otherwise, the story kept my interest, even though at times, I felt, overly descriptive of the emotion felt by each character.  Dare I say it is possibly a book enjoyed more by women than men.
I liked the premise, Rachel, watches a couple in their home from where her commuter train stops every day. She makes up a perfect life for them. And then the woman goes missing.But I agree with the reviewers who found the characters unlikable and all sounding alike. The ending included an unnecessary cliched confession. I was left with an unsatisfied feeling at the end.
I'm just not a huge fan of the trend we're in with overly flawed, unlikable lead characters. For me, it made it very hard to give a flying flip if this character accomplished anything or even made it to the end of the novel. Also, the whole novel hangs (and twists) on the convenience of alcoholism and blackouts, which in itself is an extremely flawed theory.
My wife and I listened to this book together and to be honest we called it the ""Suicide book"". It was quite depressing, the main character is a neurotic alcoholic and her life was in total ruin. It started S-L-O-W and only picked up a little towards the end. If you can survive it without slitting your wrists, the ending is somewhat rewarding.
I was so so bored with the beginning of this book. I almost gave up but with so many of my friends/relatives recommending it to me, I pushed on. I didn't like the book, period. Too depressing at the beginning and middle. I figured out what was really going on midway through the book. I would not recommend it if you wanted a book to really get into.
This was a lot of build up for one single demented scene to wrap up all the loose ends. I was bored at times, and Rachel's drunken episodes made me not care much about her. I prefer to actually like the protagonist but this girl was desperate and sad. The 'mystery' was a bit over-worked and in the end, it was all sort of predictable.
Started out rather interesting, but soon became a bit of a slog to finish.  The primary character was just too unlikable and I quickly stopped caring about what was going on.  This is one of those books that appears to be very popular, probably among a crowd not used to truly good writing.  There are SO many better books out there.
After reading rave reviews for this book I thought I might as well read it. I guessed the killer half way through this book. I didn't like how the author made Rachel seem like some drunk,  fat, loser. The beginning was kind of slow then half way through it reads fast. It was an ok book nothing to write home about or spend money on.
I felt this book and story line were tedious.  I became very bored and aggravated with the constant description of the main character's alcoholism.  I realize it was integral to the plot, but it became a character in the storyline.  If a person can wade through the first three quarters of the book, the last quarter is excellent.
Amazing book, crappy ending. I finished this book in 2 days. I couldn't put it down but the ending left me perplexed. The characters are all jerks. The story is great, it just felt like the ending was rushed and that last line. Really??  I would suggest it because it is a good read, just not what I thought it would be!!!
Easy to read, easy to forget. I was excited to read this book, which had been compared to Gone Girl. It was a fast read, but the characters are so unsympathetic I didn't really care what happened to them. There were many implausible things that happened, and everybody was a liar. Wish I hadn't wasted my time.
This book was not a page turner, as advertised for me. Maybe it was not my style of book.  However, I could not connect with any of the characters.  I also found the format difficult to follow.  I know this seems to be a popular way of book writing these days, but it just didn't  work for me with this read.
I was looking forward to this book, highly recommended.  I found the women to be portrayed as weak, crazy and lusting for men who were obnoxious and controlling. Even the therapist was of poor character.  The storyline picked up near the end, but wasn't enough to compensate for the stereotypical roles.
I found the book to be very dark and depressing and I didn't like any of the characters.  Was a slow painful read for me, but having said that I think this would make a great movie.  Many of my friends had read this before me, and I had mixed reviews so I wanted to see what everyone was talking about.
I read when I go to bed and this one put me right out.  The book starts very slowly, but I kept reading trying to understand how riding back and forth on a train could develop into a story.  Very dark characters that are difficult to identify with.  I finished it, but was less than satisfied.
Too weird for my taste in novels. There is great character development & detail, but it is all so bizarre. The entire book is sad, depressing & gloomy.  It rains all the time.  There is never hope. Most of the novel is unbelievable. I had a hard time imagining that this could actually happen.
The narrator and protagonist is a boozy mess who randomly and suddenly solves the whodunit mystery. Say what?  None of the characters are likable, and the tale is ever so slow to unravel.  Although this book was on the list of best summer beach reads, it should be buried in the sand.
I must be very slow I did not realise that the book was in three voices. I thought what a bunch of losers, who needs this much misery. But then the story got me in, I wanted to know what happened, to work it out. I gave it 3 stars because it redeemed itself after a bad start
There wasn't a redeeming character among them. I hated all the characters and thought the women were all crazy.  Reading this was like walking around a bomb scene and wondering what happened. Curiosity pushed me to finish when my mind wanted to slap the the book closed.
I just really felt like it tood forever to get to the point and some of the details at the end just didn't make sense. I was interesting and I did stay up till 2AM to finish... I'm just not sure I'd recommend it. I felt like I was in the mind of totally crazy people!
The flow of the book was choppy and somewhat hard to follow.  The characters were not conducive to empathy.  However in defense of the author, maybe this is the what she wants.  The last third of the book was was a page turner.  The ending however was not unexpected.
Although this book was a page turn er, it was grim.  Sad tales of dysfunctional people.  Several times I wondered why I kept on reading this book, yet I wanted to find out what happened!  Now that I'm done, I'm glad and I can move on to a more positive novel.
First half of the book was slow moving. The main character, Rachel, seems to either always be drunk or thinking about getting drunk. I din not enjoy this. However, it did pick up a bit in the last third of the book but the basic story did not seem realistic.
Being a thriller the book was captivating but the ending went so wrong. I didn't like the character development which is fine, it still would have been a good book anyway if the end didn't turn into a terrible B list horror film full of cringe worthy lines.
An interesting, unusual plot.  However, the story is so very slow!  The beginning of the book is quite confusing; it was hard for me to follow the characters and remember who was who.  It was just ""okay"" for me.  I kind of got tired of reading it.
I cannot imagine why this has been #1 on the best-seller list because it was quite sophomoric!  I finished it because that is my habit, but then I wondered why did I waste my time with undeveloped characters, and very pure descriptions throughout.  Sorry.
I've seen this novel compared to Gone Girl, and I can see why, but I don't think they are in the same class. The story line of this book is compelling, but I did not find the execution  to be as well done as Gone Girl. A decent read, but not a great one.
It began a bit slow. The focus on her past life and her alcoholism was excessive, but the story line was interesting. Was surprised at all the hype as an extraordinary new novel, I guessed the killer 1/2 way in and wasn't overly surprised at the ending.
Being strapped to a chair for hours and forced to watch abandoned and abused puppies staring sadly out of cages while Sara MacLaughlin sings Arms of The Angel would be a cheerful experience by comparison.  But the twists and turns made for a good read.
The three principal characters in THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN have much in common. They're not very likable, they're depressing, and they don't have much taste in men.Rachel is the girl on the train. She's lost her job for drinking on the job. Her husband has left her for another woman, and to top matters off, he's had a baby with his new wife, with whom he was carrying on an affair while still married to Rachel. That's what broke up Rachel's marriage; she couldn't have a baby. She takes the train to work every day to fool her land lady roommate (the nicest woman in the book) into thinking she still has a job. The part about the train has to do with two people she sees almost every day on their veranda. She doesn't know them, but she convinces herself they're the happy couple. She even gives them names. They live a few doors down from where she used to live with her husband Tom.The second woman is Megan. Megan lives with a horrible secret I won't reveal here. Let's say, psychologically, it has affected her. She's the woman in the ideal couple, but she's far from ideal. She sleeps around; she even makes a move on her therapist. It's not clear whether he sleeps with her, but Rachel does see them kissing from the train.  Megan also winds up dead. That's the best part of the book as far as suspense is concerned. I read a lot of mysteries, and usually I can tell who did it within the first fifty pages, but there are several candidates here, and I didn't know who killed Megan until the author told me.The third woman might be the creepiest of all. She had an affair with Tom and she knew he was married. She even reveled in it. The woman is close to a sociopath. She only cares about her own little world, her husband and her baby. When she is confronted with a physical threat she runs away. Some might argue that she's only protecting her baby, but it seems to be more than that. She also does something creepy during the denouement to someone who can't defend himself/herself.I really don't see how this book has stayed on the best seller list for most of the year. As I said above, about the only redeeming quality is the “who done it” aspect. It's also hard to believe that Megan, who worked at an art gallery before it closed, would babysit for people she barely knew, that is unless you consider that the author needed her to. Her horrible secret also involves a baby. This is called author intrusion, and it's a bad “no no” for literary critics.
I'm torn with this book. On one hand, it was incredibly entertaining and I found myself coming back to it very quickly when I had free time. However, the three women whom the story revolves around all seemed desperate and dumb. I think the best way to describe the book would be like those movies where you want to scream at the characters for the stupid decisions they're making but at the same time can't leave the theater because you want to know what's going to happen next.To sum up the story, Rachel is literally a ""girl on the train"" who injects herself into a murder mystery that occurs near a stop that she passes everyday on her train ride. She's obsessed with a couple she sees from her seat everyday and when one ends up dead, she decides that she's Nancy Drew and must solve the murder. Rachel's whinny and needy but I will give Paula Hawkins credit because she writes her in a way that I believe that someone in her mindset would actually go out and get involved. But even with that knowledge, I still found myself shaking my head in sheer frustration at many of her actions...and then I'd keep on reading because the book really is that entertaining. I was hoping that the other women would balance her out with some semblance of intelligence but they end up going down their own paths of stupidity. Which honestly surprised me because I didn't think a female author would write such weak and desperate women. But again, even with all of that, I kept coming back and wanting to find out how the story would end.I've heard this compared to Gone Girl and while I think the characters in that are more intelligent - I'm basing that on the movie since I never read the book - I will say this has all the suspense that was present in that story, as well. Turn off your thinking cap while you read this and you'll be thoroughly entertained.
It appears that I am in the minority, giving this novel 3 stars. Readers either love it or hate it. Which is fine, and is the  purpose of having reviews published. When you find reviewers who seem to like the same books you do, you're more inclined to consider other books they liked- that's all. No better, no worse, just different.So, on to the three star rating: This was a light summer read. I personally did not care for the author's style of writing nor how she presented the plot. There was too much focus, I thought, on how much and in what ways, Rachel got drunk, for example.  I got it. She's a raging alcoholic. No need to elaborate on each of the many incidents. And some of the events seemed just too unbelievable. As if someone could sneak into your home, drunk, take your baby while you sleep next to her, then run outside with her and not wind up in jail on attempted kidnapping charges!In addition, I wasn't crazy about the author's style of writing. If you haven't read the novel: each chapter is presented from the point of view of one of the 3 female characters, written in the first person. I began to notice that each started to sound like the others; same way of speaking, even the same expressions, at times. I found it difficult to differentiate among them, since they sounded the same. And since they are all deeply flawed, they needed more character development in order for the reader to find something redeemable about any of them. The reader needs something to hang on to- empathy, sympathy, relate ability- in order to care about a character. I didn't find this to be the case.Perhaps some of my disappointment here lies in the fact that I had just finished All The Light We Cannot See. Beautifully written and developed. Talk about caring for the characters... wow.I am not sorry that I read the book. It is a quick, somewhat entertaining read. Not something you have to dedicate part of your life to. And I can see why it has its share of devoted fans. Even if I am not among them.
I don't regret the time I spent reading this, it didn't grip me. Fortunately, the very fast-paced writing propels the story along. Ms. Hawkins is not flowery and blissfully spares us the long, descriptive environmental passages of visual padding that plagues many writers. Hawkins gives us atmosphere, but its anecdotal, economic and I actually liked that.If you like non-linear puzzles, you'll like the book okay, but it won't strike you as bloody brilliant. You have to pay attention to dates, and you have to learn to adjust to the voices of each of the three narrators -- an interesting premise, but one that felt a little gimmicky by the end. I began to see Hawkins writing tricks about half way through the read -- the way she phrases things, even her favorite words (how many times a character need to feel blood rushing to her face in order for us to understand what she's feeling, and how many times does Rachel call herself stupid?)All of the characters are appropriately flawed, but you have to have one redeeming one for me, and this book does not have that. You don't actually like anyone in it, which seems to be a trend in storytelling.And as for the plot, I wish there had actually been a twist. I'm not sure what people think is the ""Gone Girl"" element of this book, but there were was only one minor ""aha"", and you see it coming two pages in advance. From that point, it's not what happens, it's just how the rest of an otherwise predictable story will unravel.Finally, without spoiling too much, I have to say I'm a bit baffled by the fact that the train was not used as a weapon. Too obvious? I don't think so. I would have seen it as poetic justice.This is a good first novel. I would consider subsequent books by Hawkins, but I don't think this is stellar when you consider how many thrillers are out there.
I really wanted to like this book more than I did. First off, here is the positives:I like the story telling device of switching between points of view, it was really cool, especially when you see a particular situation from a different point of view. It was a compelling story and had aspects of a thriller which made it a page turner. Even though it is a British author and set in London, there aren't too many ""British"" phrases that will make an American have to guess. Only a very few times did I need to look up what a particular phrase meant. I think the author has written a good book.Now for the critical part.(Spoiler free)- Even though the non-linnear story telling was awesome, sometimes it took some rereading to figure out what day it is (or what time it is in some cases)- There are some inconsistencies in details, I can't think of a specific example right now, but it's almost as if the editor didn't do a good job or the author should have been more thorough in her characters back stories and situations.- I thought the device of having Rachel be an alcoholic was interesting and did lend to the story, however, it seemed like Rachel had ""Hollywood Alcoholism"" - broad characteristics, and able to turn it off at a moment. Sure she focuses her energy on something else, but as a person in recovery myself, you (or at least I) couldn't just ""forget to have a drink"" and maybe thats just me, but it seemed odd that she could turn it on and off so frequently.- The biggest of all, however, is the lack of back story for Rachel. (dead father, mommy issues, roommate) All of these influence the type of person she is, yet there is nothing to expand on why she is like she is other than a passing mention.SLIGHT SPOILERS BELOW- The red hair guy serves zero purpose and only confuses things more. I feel like too much time was wasted on that story arc, or rather not enough time was spent to make him an important character. Totally useless, and not even in a red herring sort of way.- Rachel and Scott: Why did they have sex? Again served no purpose to the story and wasnt plausible based on the story telling. The attractive young, recently widowed guy, who had a smoking hot wife, would not have sex with a frumpy, unkept woman. Or if he would there was not a lot to his story.- Kamal - I feel like he got put ""on the bus to Mandyville"" (look up the trope if you dont know what it means).- Also, the detectives investigating the murder are the stupidest characters ever written. Its kind of like the detectives were from an unpublished comedy novel that happened to fall into this manuscript.- Finally, without a major spoiler... the ""who-done-it"" reveal was too much of ""the butler did it"" and it came out of left field. All of sudden we were at the end and the murderer is revealed and it doesnt really make sense other than ""of course!"" - which is not a way a thriller should end.
The Girl on the Train"" is a thriller in which an emotionally-damaged alcoholic named Rachel who, during her daily commutes to London, inserts herself into the lives of the people she passes while on a train. The premise (I haven't read ""Gone Girl"") reminds me of the Hitchcock movie where a man witnesses what he presumes to be the murder of his neighbor. I actually found this book somewhat interesting. For me, it was a page turner only because I wanted to know if my assumptions were correct. The author uses the unreliable narrator to heighten the need to know and drops hints throughout. It is told in first-person using the point of views of three of the most depressing female characters ever. Sadly, their voices sounded exactly the same. If the author hadn't used section headings to tell whose POV we were in, I would have been completely confused. And they all had men and baby issues that became a bit grating by the middle of the book. At first, I expected this to be a character study because the first ten pages or so dealt with Rachel's mental state and observations following her divorce. But none of the POV characters seemed to change as the story progressed. Rachel remained this depressed alcoholic who can't get over the fact that her marriage has been over for two years (she was SO depressing, I wanted a drink every time her part came up), reckless Meghan remained reckless, and the mistress-turned housewife Anna had this ""my life is so wonderful"" attitude that made me roll my eyes every time HER part came up. The ""surprise"" twist was meh, and the climatic action of the ending didn't feel as original as it could have been. It was like I’d seen it already in some Lifetime movie. Rachel, the drunk main protagonist, explains how during blackouts the mind doesn't make memories, but conveniently HAS memories toward the end of the book. And I can't stand stories where the characters actively tell you they know, ""this is bad idea,"" but act on it anyway just to get in a precarious situation. All of the women in this book did exactly that; even the drunk WHEN she was sober. Despite all of that, wasn't too bad of a way to spend the afternoon. I finished it in one sitting.
Hawkins has a good painterly sense of language, and the first part of the novel in particular is lullingly lyrical, exactly as it should be, pulling you into the book's deliberate confusion of reality and imagined reality. However, the plot doesn't hold up to this promise, and the revelations at the end about one particular character had me rolling my eyes. Yes, there are awful people in the world, selfish ones, puerile ones, and astoundingly shallow ones... but the Hannibal Lecter of this book suffers from real two-dimensionality, if not one-. None of the characters here are particularly admirable, frankly, which may be part of the point - the frailties of real folk versus their idealizations - but the result for me was less a sense of disturbance at how evil often wears an everyday face, and more a disappointment regarding how much more this book could have explored that truth. It's just too romanticized to really hit home the way a book like this has to, to have staying power. It never socks you in the gut the way it needs to, the way, for instance, that Girl with the Dragon Tattoo does repeatedly, until I had to put the book down for a bit and remind myself that people are just as often saints as monsters. It never, frankly, really sobers up. I'm sure some readers will violently disagree with me on that last point, but I just never got a sense of things becoming truly concrete in the jarring, almost dislocating way that one has when waking abruptly - or more appropriately, being smacked awake. This sort of tale requires a violent stripping away of the haze, a palpable jolt, a sudden, horrible realization that one has been pied-pipered into the river, has in fact been drowning for a while, and is now almost out of air. But my reaction to the ""big reveal"" was more ""Oh, for cripes sake, that's really it?""Granted, that was my reaction to the end of Da Vinci Code as well. Both that book and Girl on the Train have promising premises they don't deliver on. Our main character in this book is, tellingly, a *girl,* despite being a grown woman - and I'm not sure she's not still a girl at the end, or at least how much less of one she's really become.
One’s reaction to this book will depend on how one feels about viewing the world through the eye of a depressed, living in the past, self-medicating, self-pitying alcoholic, as in the passage below.“The premixed gin and tonic fizzes up over the lip of the can as I bring it to my mouth and sip. Tangy and cold, the taste of my first-ever holiday with Tom, a fishing village on the Basque coast in 2005. In the mornings we’d swim the half mile to the little island in the bay, make love on secret hidden beaches; in the afternoons we’d sit at a bar drinking strong, bitter gin and tonics, watching swarms of beach footballers playing chaotic twenty-five-a-side games on the low-tide sands.“I take another sip, and another; the can’s already half empty, but it’s OK, I have three more in the plastic bag at my feet. It’s Friday, so I don’t have to feel guilty about drinking on the train. TGIF. The fun starts here.“It’s going to be a lovely weekend, that’s what they’re telling us. Beautiful sunshine, cloudless skies. In the old days we might have driven to Corly Wood with a picnic and the papers, spent all afternoon lying on a blanket in dappled sunlight, drinking wine. We might have barbecued out back with friends, or gone to the Rose and sat in the beer garden, faces flushing with sun and alcohol as the afternoon went on, weaving home, arm in arm, falling asleep on the sofa.“Beautiful sunshine, cloudless skies, no one to play with, nothing to do. Living like this, the way I’m living at the moment, is harder in the summer when there is so much daylight, so little cover of darkness, when everyone is out and about, being flagrantly, aggressively happy. It’s exhausting, and it makes you feel bad if you’re not joining in.The weekend stretches out ahead of me, forty-eight empty hours to fill. I lift the can to my mouth again, but there’s not a drop left.”Hawkins, Paula. The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Kindle Locations 101-114). Penguin Publishing Group. Kindle Edition.First person narration can create a close emotional bond with the reader. If that narrator is bored with the world, the reader will experience that boredom first hand. If the narrator is self-centered, frustrated, angry, readers will experience those emotions.When the first person narrators (there are three) convey interactions with others, events relating to the mystery, and not their personal dissatisfaction or detailed emotional reactions to everyday slights, the reader responds.This is a roundabout way of saying that when the narrators of this book convey something interesting, that interest will transfer to the reader.Readers who have learned through experience that not everything they think or feel is interesting to others might find some aspects of this book less interesting than others. A fair number of “first world problems” are addressed in meticulous detail. An occasional temptation to think, “just get over yourself,” might arise. Is this the fault of the author, the characters, or the reader? If the reader has no access to the story other than through the characters’ first person narration, that’s the author’s doing. When an author asks her reader time and again to feel the unpleasant emotions of her characters, is it the reader’s fault if the overall reading experience is unpleasant?Of course, that unpleasantness would not be as intense if Paula Hawkins weren’t skillful in portraying it, and there would be no reason to finish the book, despite the unpleasantness, if the mystery conveyed were not compelling.
Girl on a Train is a difficult book to review, primarily because the book relies so heavily on how and when what is really happening gets told. I'll try to give nothing away that isn't immediately discovered, but would suggest that anyone wary of spoilers skip down to another review just in case. Three women tell the tale here, but it is mostly Rachel that takes center stage, and she's a blackout drunk. From a plotting perspective, this serves as an extremely useful tool to get Rachel into the center of all the action, while at the same time, having all the mysteries that can't yet be revealed hidden from her as well as hidden from us. Similar obfuscation techniques are used for the other two narrators, but less tactfully. After all the unravelings and eurekas, the story final reveals itself in all its totally mundane glory as nothing special at all. At one level, Girl on a Train does show how artfully withholding information, telling events in an order that suits the tale, rather than chronologically, and using the now quite over-celebrated distrustful narrator, can turn a flat standard plot into a real page turner... and Girl on a Train is definitely a page turner. I sped through it with gusto and excitement, but hit a pace bump around the halfway point, though felt committed to speed on to the end. When I finished, there was nothing really. The book ended. I thought about what I might read next.Sadly, around the first third of the novel, I began to feel that perhaps an amazing feat was stealthily being achieved behind the scenes. I began to wonder if this was really a thriller/mystery at all? As my suspicions increased, I began to get really excited for something truly genius. This missed opportunity is Rachel herself. She's an unlikable character. Dumb in many ways, smart in others. Consumed with self pity. Mired in alcoholism. Frumpy. And beautiful to read about. There seems to me a magnificent missed opportunity here. Ultimately, the plot takes center stage, and the people become slaves to it. Had the plot been better, no complaints here, but it was just ho hum. A maintained focus on Rachel, her struggle with alcohol and her relationship, and getting back 'on the right track' (god, sorry about that), for me, would have made for a much better novel.
AFTER reading a review of the book The Girl on the Train which referenced its similarities Gone Girl, I knew I had to read the book and scooped it up at the airport planning to get stuck into it on a week away. Being a bit of a nervous flyer, I was delighted to discover that I was hooked within the few pages making my mid-air nerves redundant. It becomes clear from an early point that all is not what it seems with our heroine and main narrator Rachel Watson. We are made to view her as a mere spectator - an unassuming girl on a train, enduring the tedium of the daily commute to and from work - who is, at worst, a voyeur on other’s lives. Every day, on her way to and from work, she watches the daily lives and movements of couples and families who live along Bleinham Road. And while it seems at first as though she is watching from afar, there are sinister undertones to some of her observances. She attaches a particular obsession onto a couple whom she names as Jason and Jessica, the ‘golden couple’, two outrageously beautiful people who are deeply in love. But what is presented to the reader as fact becomes more and more muddled as we follow Rachel, and through her, the lives of those on Bleinham Road. This is due in no small part to the fact that most of Rachel’s days are gin-soaked, thanks to a failed marriage and failed pregnancy attempts. Understanding what is and is not fact throughout the book becomes a struggle for the reader, as the narrator struggles to even remember what she did last night. After witnessing something that makes her question everything she thought she knew about ‘Jason and Jess’, Rachel is catapulted into the lives of those on Bleinham Road. The way in which the writer insidiously makes the reader question everything about the narrator is done in a clever, deft way. The narrator herself comes to question everything she thought she knew, bringing us to a dramatic ending. This ability to keep the reader guessing about what exactly is happening was my favorite aspect of the book. However - and this is surely a common complaint - the ending of the book fell flat. It was disappointing, and somewhat unbelievable. Many aspects of the key event in the book end up looking quite unbelievable in that context. Would I recommend it as a holiday read? Yes. Would I recommend it at a book club? Probably not.
I was drawn to this book by the wonderful premise. I have never taken a rail route on a regular basis, rather a train journey has been an 'outing' for me but looking out from a train window, often down into gardens, seeing someone hanging out the washing or children playing ball there is a sense of attraction, as if it would be interesting to know a little more about the lives we fleetingly see.In The Girl on the Train we soon learn that Rachel does take a regular train route and that actually she has more than a passing connection to the people she observes at a place where the train slows. Down there, in a world she is not now part of is the house she used to live in and where her ex husband now resides with his new wife and child. There is also a neighbour, Megan, who Rachel does not know but whose life she imagines as perfect with her perfect husband; she even invents names for them.All of the above intrigued me. Megan has gone missing and from her birds-eye view at the train window Rachel believes she has the answer to the disappearance.What follows is a 3 way POV story. Rachel is the observer, the drinker, the imaginer of things she could not possibly know. Megan is the not-so-perfect wife with psychological problems of her own. Anna is the concerned new wife, the mother, tired of Rachel's continued involvement in the life of her husband Tom and, in turn, it's effect on their little family.How their lives had become entwined was well put together. I really wanted to know how this had happened and what the future held for them all. But as the story progressed there were clumsy moments and some interactions that I just couldn't believe. The ending was disappointingly unbelievable.This was a book that I enjoyed in the reading but was ultimately dissatisfied with but I would certainly try this author again.
This line carried me through the first half of the book, which was surprisingly slow. I was very motivated to finally reach the point of the book where ""something shocking"" happens. Between the stellar synopsis and the buzz around The Girl on the Train, I had high expectations that this would be a true thriller. For me, it just didn't put the thrill in thriller. It was more like, er...? What...?Don't get me wrong, this was definitely mysterious and there was a big element of suspense. When I finally reached 50% of the way through, I truly couldn't put it down. I really did love that none of the characters could be trusted - especially the three narrators. At times I could sympathize with Rachel, but then she would do something that would make me not like her. Megan was flighty, and changed her mind too much. She wasn't constant. Anna is, for lack of a better word, a homewrecker. So we know that she is not to be trusted from the start.What makes this so suspenseful is that because you can't trust the narrators, you don't know who the killer is. It's pretty hard to guess, and the person I thought it was was not the killer. Someone I hadn't even considered, was. That was the twist in the story - the psychological thrill. We're so wrapped up in these other characters, thinking which one of you is the bad guy here, when this other character blindsides us all.That being said, the truth came out and subsequently wrapped up the book. In very quick succession. Too quickly. It took so long to get to the truth, and I didn't feel satisfied with how it was all laid out. Maybe my hopes were so high I didn't get the benefit of it all. Either way, I don't think it quite lived up to the hype. Still an original and suspenseful piece, just not quite as thrilling as say Shutter Island - where you're on the edge of your seat, literally, the whole way through.
So it took me three days to finish this book. I thought it was very romantically written, there is a lot of intensity in expressing little emotions with a very nonchalant undertone but there is grit at the same time, I think this is what readers will like most about the writing of the author. The first 25-35% is absolutely addicting and you shall be done in no more than one or two sittings. But the book really messed with my head, it is definitely a page turner and I found myself thinking about the characters even before I slept at night and into the morning when I would pick the book up again.This is one of those rare books one comes across where you feel if you are away from the characters too long, you will forget the association aspect of reading and so most readers will finish this within a few days. About the plot, well,""there is a girl on a train who notices various things on her way to the major streets of London...she notices houses, characters on terraces, their peculiar occurrences...at first she thinks she is just bored and not interested in these people but when she starts noticing odd occurrences, she decides to take a part in the theme herself""I found it very easy to relate to the book. I thought the author has a command over heart though by no strength of imagination or hope, i would call it great or ground-breaking. This is like those dark twisted plots about strange unhappy people in unhappy times. The kind of people who feel the best parts of their life was stolen away and is neatly tucked into their past. Yes, this reminded me of GONE GIRL but it doesn't have what Gone Girl had. Gone Girl was more infinite. It did however remind me of WHITE BIRD IN A BLIZZARD and BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP.So readers who have read those books must read this book. I thought the book and writing is definitely promising. I would like to read more books about the author. To be honest, this was a bit of a guilty read for me and that's possibly why I finished it so soon. Why guilty? It just felt undercooked and exaggerated at times. But hey, you must read it and that's the purpose of my review.
A few weeks ago, I came across the synopsis for The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins in some magazine I was flipping through. It was a premise that I really could not say no to, so I immediately bought it from Amazon, especially since so many people were making comparisons between it and Gone Girl. However, now that I have read the novel, I am not sure those comparisons are warranted.Rachel Watson is a divorced woman who is a somewhat functioning alcoholic whose life has essentially fallen apart because of her need for the bottle. Her husband had an affair that resulted in a pregnancy. He divorces Rachel, marries his mistress, and now the two (with their baby) live in the house that used to belong to Rachel.From the window on her train, Rachel watches the world, including a couple who are frequently out on their balcony as her train passes by each day. She creates a make believe, almost fairy tale-like story for the couple, imagining their lives in a way hers never was. Then, the woman, Megan, goes missing and Rachel's missing memories from the night she disappeared might be the key to the puzzle. Unfortunately for Megan, as well as for Megan's doting husband, the reason Rachel cannot remember the events of that fateful night was because of one of her alcohol-induced blackouts.I found The Girl on the Train to be too full of paranoia on Rachel's part and I was completely unable to feel any sympathy for her. Rachel is an alcoholic who is obsessed with her ex-husband and what her life used to be. She is compromised by her own weaknesses and forever caught in self-pity and lack of character. She only focuses on herself, going so far as to insert herself into the police investigation of Megan's disappearance and lying to the missing woman's husband in order to make herself feel more important. It is actually pretty pathetic.The redeeming factor for the novel is the skillful writing of Paula Hawkins. Honestly, if she did not write so well, I would have stopped reading after the first 20 pages or so. Very few authors can move between three narrators as effectively as she did. There is Anna, the ridiculously happy new wife of Rachel's ex-husband; Megan, who does not see to quite fit into her world of pilates, coffees, and perfect wife-dom; and Rachel. While I wanted to punch Rachel in the face whenever it was her ""turn"" to serve as narrator, I felt like Hawkins did an excellent job capturing the personalities of Anna and Megan and making each narrator distinct.With an unreliable narrator (Rachel, ugh) and a vanished wife, I understand the comparisons to Gone Girl; I just do not agree with them. That being said, I give the novel a 6 out of 10 for its unique structure and eloquent writing.
Okay, so this book sat in my queue of “to be read” books for a little while, but because of the often glowing and raving reviews that I KEPT seeing over and over again, I found that I wanted to be part of that “cool kid” club, the one where everyone had read the book and couldn’t stop gushing about it, so I stopped reading everything else and started in on it.  I should have known better.For me, this fell victim to a little genre that I like to call “you have gotten so much hype, I really hope that you are about to blow my freaking mind” and of ALL the books and movies that have suckered me in under that category, only a few have ever really done it for me and this wasn’t one of them.  Don’t get me wrong, this IS a good book and I do recommend that people read it, but the less expectations you have for it, the more I think you will enjoy it.  Unlike a lot of books that I read, this one actually took me a few days to finish and I think that it was because of the hype that I had built up in my mind for it, because instead of being completely enraptured with it, I actually found myself pretty bored during some of it and I found that in order to keep myself concentrated in reading it, I would have to put it away and come back to it after a few hours.As for the storyline.  There is not a character in this book that I liked…not a one!  That is something really rare for me too, I normally have to at least like my main MC before I recommend a book, but out of the three women who narrate this book, I had nothing but a hate-hate relationship with all of them, but it somehow really worked for me while reading this and helped to keep me interested.  I don’t want to give away too much about this though, because even the slightest overview can be a spoiler and this is one that you just have to read to really experience what it is that I’m talking about.""The Girl on the Train"", doesn’t offer too much as far as thrills are concerned, but what it lacks in the “edge of your seat” reading department, it more than makes up for with suspense and anticipation.  In this tale, no one can be trusted, nothing is what it seems and every story has three sides:  what she says happened, what they say happened and what it is that really happened.  Was it Colonel Mustard in the library with a candlestick or was it Mrs. Peacock in the kitchen with a lead pipe?  My mind was constantly running through scenarios trying to figure out the “who done its” and the “why done its” and though I finally, FINALLY figured it out, it wasn’t till about ¾ of the way through that I did and with so many books nowadays being so easily predicted, that was a really welcome surprise for me.Overall, yes, I do recommend this book.  I think that readers who enjoy the mystery/crime genre will find a nice little mystery in this one and will also enjoy the writing style of Ms. Hawkins.  If you are more a romance or thriller enthusiast, I don’t think that this one will be your cup of tea and you may find it very hard to keep yourself vested in the story, but if you want to try something a little different, then I say give it a go.  I have definitely read a lot better, but I have also read a lot worse, but like I said, don’t expect too much and you might find that you actually enjoy it.
Rachel pseudo-commutes to London every day to give her pathetic life some structure and to live vicariously through a beautiful couple whose home she passes on the train.  When the wife, Megan, goes missing, Rachel recognizes her photo and inserts herself into the investigation, because she saw Megan kissing a man that was not her husband Scott.  The man Megan was kissing turns out to have been her therapist Kamal.  Rachel formerly lived in Megan’s neighborhood, and Rachel’s ex, Tom, still lives in their old house with his new wife Anna and their infant daughter.  So we have 3 women and 3 men as main characters, and they are all unlikeable.  Anna was Tom’s mistress while he was still married to Rachel; Tom is a manipulative adulterer; Megan is a nymphomaniac with a creepy past; Scott is possessive and overbearing; and Kamal obviously crosses a line with his patient that he shouldn’t have.  Rachel is the worst train wreck of all.  She is an alcoholic busybody who repeatedly drunk-dials Tom and has had more blackouts than she can count, including one the night Megan disappeared, when she happened to be in the neighborhood to harass her ex.  She takes self-loathing to new heights and struck me as a sort of completely dysfunctional Bridget Jones.  If you’re expecting a twist on a par with that of Gone Girl, I think you’ll be disappointed.  The identity of Megan’s abductor came as no surprise to me, but the author does a good job of building suspense, while leading us down numerous deadend paths.  The biggest mystery to me, though, is why this book has generated so much hype without delivering much in the way of gasp-inducing thrills.  This is nothing more than a whodunit without many choices as to who the culprit is.  A better literary thriller is You Should Have Known by Jean Hanff Korelitz, who pretty much skewered The Girl on the Train for the New York Times Book Review.
When this book came in the mail, it was so beautiful! It had cover art in back of the book, it had a plastic covering/box over it that made the cover pop out, and it was so glossy and it came with a book mark! :DBasically this book was a psychological thriller. We have a protagonist named Rachel that always, and I mean always... takes the same commuter train every morning. Every day is a normal day to take the train, the same track and always goes by a stretch of cozy suburban homes, and stops at the signal that allows her to daily watch the same couple breakfasting on their deck, because she finds joy in that, and I got a bit curious, so I continued reading on. It's funny because she even made up a name for them... ""Their names will be Jess and Jason,” she calls them. Wverytime she passed by their house on the way home, she sees their life as perfection, she likes to compare their life to hers... A lot.It was a normal day, a day with the same routine, and then she sees something shocking. (Want to know what it is? Read the book, because that's what I had to figure out myself.)She sees it for only a minute as the train passed through the house, but that single moment was enough. Everything she has known about the neighborhood and her route has changed. And of course like any other person would do she goes to the police, and starts to get more involved with what she has seen.As the story goes on, the suspense continues to grow, you end up at the edge of your seat, and the ending is so shocking, you almost fall off your chair!I almost DNFed the book, but I continued to read it because it was something I wasn't used to reading, and I like to challenge myself ink reading books that I wouldn't normally catch myself reading.
Rachel Watson is a down-on-her-luck young woman who rides the train in and out of London every day to hide the fact that she has lost her job from her roommate, and to maintain a tenuous link to what she once was: gainfully employed, happily married and sober. One particular house near the railway tracks fosters an increasingly unhealthy obesssion in Rachel on these daily trips, with its seemingly perfect couple who sit on the terrace. Is it a secret longing for what Rachel once had? Or something more forbidding, something on her own emotional doorstep?With its Hitchcock like setup and close similarity to Gillian Flynn’s work, ‘Girl on a Train’ opens with this compelling story question. Then Rachel’s blurred recollection of a crime she witnesses in a drunken stupor causes her to stumble through the lives of others, wreaking havoc on ex-neighbors, her ex-husband, and aggravating the police, who soon lose patience with Rachel’s drinking and lies. You may actually find yourself doing the same as she keeps hitting the bottle.But ultimately ‘Girl on a Train’ disappoints. It just can’t live up to its promising start.If ever there was an unreliable narrator, it’s Rachel.And this is part of the book’s problem: The reader is too often misled into feeling one way about a character, only to have it not be so. The mystery itself relies too heavily upon Rachel’s opportune blackouts, taking us to the edge of discovery only to learn that she just can’t quite remember what happened. Until she does. And then the murderer does something so dumb (keeping a key piece of evidence any killer worth their salt would surely have gotten rid of) that it violates the ‘maximum capacity’ rule of a worthy villain. He/she also manages to give the clichéd, expository summing up toward the end of the book, explaining in detail the crimes committed and the motives for committing them.Like Gillian Flynn’s books, the parallel to ‘Girl on a Train’ is apparent: multiple narrators switching back and forth in first person as the crime unravels, everyday people living lives of quiet desperation, marriages that appear to be perfect but aren’t. But whereas Flynn’s writing can soar, and her characters are rich and nuanced, Paula Hawkins’ prose is deliberate and too ordinary to make us want to spend so much time in her character’s heads. There are clarity issues in the story telling as well, not helped by the fact that all three narrators are young English women of the same age, same class, with similar backgrounds and voices.Girl on a train is a solid suspense read however, although mystery buffs will find themselves want more.
My thoughts:• I am in the minority on this book as this storyline did not work well for me. This book has been at the top of best seller lists since publication.• According to the book blurb this book should have been right up my alley as I tend to like unreliable narrators as they keep storylines interesting, words like Hitchcockian thriller had me making sure that I would be undisturbed while reading, and the concept of Rachel envisioning the lives of others while riding the train was understandable as for many years I commuted to work via trains.• My main complaint is the main character Rachel – she is a depressive drunk (she has her reasons) that just annoyed me to the point that I was rolling my eyes for most of her scenes after awhile.• There were three first person narrators that alternated during the course of the book – first it was mainly Rachel, then Megan (who Rachel imagined lived life as part of a perfect loving couple), and then Anna (who is now married to Rachel’s ex-husband). So the reader learns things that the other characters do not know about each other when a specific character is narrating. This worked for me though at times I think what the characters revealed was a convenient plot ploy.• About half way through the book, as the story takes some twists and turns I think there are enough clues for the reader to figure out what happened. So no real surprises for me after this point.• Some interesting themes run throughout the book – adultery, deception (probably one of the most interesting) and how the train meant different things to the three women.• Overall I found the storyline slow going and I did not feel the suspense and anticipation I usually do with a psychological thriller.• If I had a tag line for this book – it is stalled in the station.
The current #1 best-seller in the nation and most wildly talked about new novel is the debut effort from London author Paula Hawkins entitled THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN.  It has already garnered much praise including comparison to the classic Alfred Hitchcock film ""Rear Window"".The premise is not a new one.  A young British woman and recent divorcee, Rachel, has lost her job due to bouts of depression and excessive drinking.  She does not want her flat-mate (and landlord) Cathy to know she is unemployed.  As a result, Rachel wakes up the same time every day, dresses for work and takes the daily commuter train into London.She spends her days kicking around London and then takes the regular train back home at the end of the business day.  Her return trip is usually accompanied by a few beers or mixed drinks purchased at the railroad station.  To pass the time, Rachel lets her imagination run away with her as she gazes out of the train window.  She has one house in particular that she likes to look at and even creates an imaginary life for the couple that lives there.When the woman from Rachel's favorite home, named Megan, goes missing --- Rachel truly lets her imagination run wild and inserts herself directly into the situation by claiming to be a friend of Megan's.  She interacts with Megan's husband, Scott, and leads him to believe that Megan was abducted (or worse) by her psychiatrist.  Meanwhile, Scott and Megan live in the same neighborhood as Rachel's ex-husband, Tom.  Tom and his new wife Anna have welcomed a baby girl named Evie to their family.  Rachel also asserts herself into their lives --- often while heavily intoxicated --- and her harassment of them makes things very uncomfortable.Seeing things through Rachel's eyes is unnerving, to say the least.  When she attracts the attention of local law enforcement with her allegations about Megan's disappearance it provides some especially uncomfortable moments.  The chapters of the novel are told from the perspective of Rachel, Megan and Anna (in no particular order) and the puzzle is put together a little at a time until the stunning climax.Overall, I expected to like THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN a lot more than I did.  Similar to the experience I had reading GONE GIRL a few years back, the hype outweighs the actual product.  I also found the comparisons to ""Rear Window"" a little off base as Jimmy Stewart was confined to a wheelchair throughout that film and unable to physically insert himself into the people he spies on with his binoculars.  Still, THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is a compelling and will probably make a decent film.Reviewed by Ray Palen for New Mystery Reader
3.5 stars!I have so many mixed feelings about this story. The first half I found was a bit slow with it slowly climaxing to the end. Total one of those “the butler did it” books. I did like that it changed POV from Rachel, Megan and Anna.Rachel starts out a total spaz but as you get to know her you realize that her psychotic episodes are justified….but pretty much most part of the book you are thinking “this bitch is crazy” lol. So let me tell you a little about Rachel. She lives with a roommate and travels to work on the train often staring out the window, daydreaming. One couple in particular always draws her attention. They always seem so very much in love, drinking their morning coffee on the terrace. She doesn’t know them so she affectionately names them Jason and Jess.Clearly early on you realize that Rachel is an alcoholic. Her binge drinking is getting out of control. When she wakes up she has no memory of what she said or did. Her ex-husband Tom, is often the brunt of her binges where she will call his house all hours of the night and sometimes even shows up.This doesn’t settle well with Anna. Anna was Tom’s mistress and the reason for the divorce and is now his new wife. Anna is fed up with Rachel constantly on Tom’s case to do something about her.Now in comes Megan. It’s hard to divulge on Megan without spoiling too much of the story but what I can tell you is Megan is Jess, the girl in Rachel’s perfect couple that she often see’s out the train window.Well one particular morning Rachel witnesses Jess kissing another man in their garden. She is furious with her and wants to know why she would cheat on someone like Jason. (Told she is crazy lol). Anyway so one night she travels to their neighborhood (also her ex-husband’s current neighborhood!) only to wake up bloodied, bruised and with no memory of the night before.She also then learns that Jess aka Megan is missing. So now starts the story where she tries to piece together her memory and what really happened that night. But things and people are not what they appear. Who is behind Megan’s disappearance? You have to keep reading because the ending is oh so worth it.
Ok, so I am probably not going to have a very popular review, but to each their own, right?  The book is written in three different voices, Rachel's, Anna's and Meagan's. I don't have a problem with that in itself, but I did find it somewhat difficult to follow at first.So Rachel is a young(er) woman who is going through a bad time in her life, albeit partially her fault.  Her husband left her for another woman, she desperately wanted a baby and can't have one, oh and she's an alcoholic.  She's pretty much lost everything; her husband, home, and job just to name a few.  She has a friend who (probably regrettably) offers to allow Rachel to stay with her, but does not know the extent of Rachel's woes. Rachel spends her days riding the commuter train back and forth during what would be her typical business hours. She follows the lives of the people along the track and finds one particular couple especially likeable and gives them their own ""story"".  However, the fairytale couldn't be any farther from the truth and as Rachel digs in, she will soon find out all that glitters is not gold.As I mentioned, the story is written in the voices of the three different women.  None of them are the type of character you become particularly attached to.  I found one of the supporting characters to be the most likeable out of all of them.  Despite the characterization, I did LIKE the book.  I didn't love it, it was not Earth-shattering for me, but it was good.  I've heard others compare this to Gone Girl and I would say that is about accurate but I wasn't a huge fan of that book either so that would make sense. Overall, it is very well written and if the author writes any other books I wouldn't hesitate to pick them up!
This book started off good, but I ended up not even finishing the book as it just died out for me...the main character has a drinking problem and she goes round and round trying to stop....that seems to be more of the story than the actual mystery.
I'm not going to go over the synopsis and plot of this novel, the blurb is at the top of this post, it's tempting and intriguing. The whole concept of the story is original and quite quirky.The dark psychological thriller is certainly the genre of the moment, and I've discovered some outstanding novels from some excellent authors over the last year. I love this genre, I love the unexpected, the flawed characters and the thrills.It took me a long time to read The Girl on the Train, and to be honest, at about the half-way point I was beginning to wonder if I'd missed something. Whilst I was entranced by the characters, as despicable as they are, I wasn't getting that 'thrill factor' that I'd found in other novels quite recently. I began to wonder if this one had been hyped too much, had my expectations been too high? The only thing that I could do was to completely dismiss any preconceptions of what I thought this book was, and realign my brain a little. So, for the second half of the novel, I approached it with a different view, and you know what? It worked. I soon become caught up in a story that centred on relationships, how they work, how they fail and how that can impact on a life.Rachel, the lead character is not particularly likeable. She's so damaged that it can be really difficult to understand her thought processes and her actions, but as the reader learns more and more, her true character emerges. She's been hidden, repressed by her experiences and she believes that she is worthless and unlovable. Rachel's obsession with the house that she watches from the train window appears at first to be nothing more than a fantasy that she has created to pass the time during her journey, when the reader discovers the truth, the story takes on another dimension.The Girl on the Train is a fascinating story, and although the thriller element didn't quite work for me (I'd worked out who it was well before the end), I was impressed by the way the characters are drawn and develop. This is most certainly a female-driven story, the male characters, whilst very important, do not have the same impact as the three main females.The writing is excellent, the depiction of addiction is frighteningly accurate, and pretty raw at times. For me, the beauty of this story is the detail of the relationships and how so many people can be affected by the actions of just one or two people. It's a clever novel, the author is very talented.
Frequently compared to Gone Girl, The Girl on the Train is the hottest book amongst book bloggers at the moment. Unable to secure an advanced review copy, I recently purchase this new release on audio. I was hooked from the beginning, and the author held my attention as the plot thickened and the suspense intensified, but in the end, this psycho thriller fell short for me.This is a difficult novel to review without revealing any spoilers, so I’m just going to say what I have to say about it. I promise not to tell you how it ends.While the plot held me captive, I never connected with any of the three female protagonists. Rachel, Anna, Megan. A drunk, an adulterer, a bored housewife with a mysterious past. Rachel has been described as an unreliable narrator. She’s unreliable, but only as a witness. Unreliable narrator suggests the reader doesn’t believe in the protagonist. Trust is not my issue with Rachel. She truly can’t remember the events of the night in question. My problem with her is more about her lack of self-esteem. She’s pathetic, grasping onto any thread of hope she can find for rekindling her relationship with the man who cheated on her. She’s wallowing in a muddy pit of self-pity, not taking the initiative to look for work, drinking until she blacks out. Then there’s Anna, yearning for the passion she once shared with her husband when he was married to another woman? Doesn’t she know, once a cheater always a cheater? Finally we come to Megan. I almost felt a little sorry for her. Almost. She’s a victim. Then again, she’s made herself out to be that way.I know. I sound callous, even to myself. All three of these women have fallen on hard times, and I should be empathetic toward them. But I don’t. None of them seemed willing to at least try to help themselves. They prefer to whine about what’s wrong in their lives instead of doing something about it. Things do change for these women in the end. I’ll give the author credit for that. But by then, it was too late for me.For more of my reviews, visit my website at http://www.chroniclesofavidreader.com
It was a good mystery.  I had trouble at first because it was giving many individual points of view and I didn't get it at first.  It had a surprise ending.  I thought it was a little too drawn out on some of the characters but was good overall.
This book pulled me in with an interesting story, but the characters never lived up to their full potential. The story dragged on, and even the plot twist felt like it was trying a bit too hard. A good summer beach read, but not very memorable.
I would be surprised if you haven't heard about this book. It's been mentioned on nearly every book blog I follow, written about in magazines, and is on shelves in every bookstore.  Its debut is on the heels of other successful psychological thrillers like GONE GIRL, with readers wanting more of the page-turning drama and suspense. I don't typically read these types of books, but this one appeared in my mailbox and I was anxious to see what all the buzz was about.Rachel is a recently divorced, unemployed, drunk who rides the train every day in London so that her roommate thinks she is still going to her job. On the train she watches for her old street and her old house to appear along the tracks. She hopes for glimpses of her ex-husband and the new family he has created in their old home.  She also watches the neighboring house, with it's occupants, Jess and Jason (she has named them) to appear so she can live vicariously through their morning coffee chats on the patio. She imagines their life and feels like they are friends, even though they don't know each other. Then, one morning, Rachel witnesses something on Jess and Jason's patio that changes her life forever.  Then Jess, who's real name is Megan, comes up missing. Can Rachel's story help them find her or will they just see her as a crazy, unreliable drunk?The main flaw in this book is that I found it hard to relate to or care about the characters. They were all so completely depressing and flawed that I became bored with them. Rachel's daily whining and drinking, Anna (her ex-husband's wife) and her irrational fears of Rachel, and Jess/Megan's selfish behaviors. They really were a messed up bunch of gals and it made me frustrated to constantly read them wallowing in self-pity.  If you are in a funk and sick of winter, I'm not sure this is the book to bring you out of it. Reading about depressing people makes you want to stay in bed with a glass of wine as well.Once Megan goes missing, the story-line picks up and you are constantly trying to figure out what really happened and who, ultimately, is the murderer. After many leads, you will guess and guess until the end when you realize the answer was right in front of you the whole time. There is quite a thrilling ending and one that will have you holding your breath. If you are looking for a happy ending, this won't meet that need, but will leave you a bit hopeful in the beginning of a new life for two of the characters.Hawkins writes the story from Rachel, Anna, and Megan's perspective. She alternates chapters with a timeline of events so you know who was doing what and when. You are able to get inside their heads and understand their reasons behind the mistakes they continue to make. Hawkins does a fine job of leading you through their lives that led up to the night Megan goes missing all the way to the thrilling conclusion of finding out her killer without giving anything away. Fans of suspense and thrilling murder mysteries will find this book enjoyable, even with the deeply depressing characters.
Sorry....The terms ""Hitchcockian"" and other fulsome praise  are misplaced here.The book was just okay..There were no likeable characters, and the quick shifts in point of view  took some time to get used to. It is NOT a page-tuner.
Somewhat good, page-turning book. It has A LOT of buildup (2/3 of the book) and then the ending we've all been waiting for is extremely rushed and vague, probably within 3 pages. You walk away without a good sense of closure to the story.
Bought it as the price was right for a best seller.  Thought it a good book, just not great. Main character was weak and fortunate to have a truely good friend. Ending was somewhat surprising, but felt a little too much like a screenplay.
I confess. The suspense in The Girl on the Train got so far under my skin that I couldn’t stop until I’d read the book all the way through to the end, costing myself hours of sleep. With as much as I read, this doesn’t happen very often, even with the most skillfully written thrillers.So there’s plenty of suspense here — but not a whole lot more. The Girl on the Train was heavily marketed as the successor to Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl, an amazingly well crafted thriller that has been on or near the top of national bestseller lists for a very long time. This one doesn’t measure up to that (admittedly) high and possibly unattainable standard.This is essentially the story of three young women, told in alternating chapters from the perspective of each of the three: Rachel, a divorcee; Anna, who is married to Rachel’s ex-husband; and Megan, who lives with her own husband. Megan and Anna’s homes — the latter was Rachel’s home not long before — are situated along the tracks of the train that Rachel takes every day to and from work. Prone to fantasizing, Rachel builds an elaborate story around her daily glimpses of Megan and her husband, neither of whom she has met. The plot unfolds as the women’s stories intersect — and, you guessed it, it’s not a pretty tale.If there’s a message in The Girl on the Train, it may be summed up in a single sentence by the author: “I have never understood how people can disregard the damage they do by following their hearts.”Oh, and there’s another message to take from this book: beware of marketers who hype new books as “a worthy successor to [fill-in-the-blank].
**This review contains spoilers!!!***I have had this book in my library since May, and I've been putting off reading it because I just couldn't get past the first chapter -So yesterday I decided to sit down and just read it straight through, no distractions.  While it did get better, I found myself absolutely hating Rachel.  I understand that she has a major drinking problem and is grieving the dissolution of her marriage, but she was so self -destructive and just plain stupid concerning things, unable to let go and move on that sometimes I just rolled my eyes and skimmed to get to the next part - to figure out the mystery, which was not a complete shocker and I thought the ending was rather anticlimactic.  Now that I think about it, I hated Anna and Megan as well.  All of the females in this book were horrible people, and for evoking that feeling in me I guess job well done to the author if that's what she was going for.  If she was trying to make me feel empathy towards any of them, that emotion did not cross, even when I found out what a jerk Tom was.Also, for a book that is 12.00 to buy, you would think that they would have hired a good editor to proofread, and I didn't just find one mistake there were multiples.  And, there was a major disconnect with a certain passenger on the train, whose role was never ever resolved, maybe that was thrown in as a distraction to make you even more confused in the whodunnit??Overall I give a thumbs up for effort, but this book, in my opinion, should NOT be getting the rave reviews that it has been getting, definitely not the worst thing I've read but mediocre at best.
Girl named Anna – she’s a bit messed up. Girl named Megan – she’s a bit messed up. Girl named Rachel – she’s a bit messed up. Rachel likes to ride trains. One day she sees SOMETHING, and nothing is ever the same.To be honest, this book was a bit of a letdown. All the hype. All the intrigue. It just fell a little bit flat, and left me feeling deflated at the end. I thought there would be MORE.This story is told in alternating perspectives from three different women: Rachel, Anna, and Megan, each with their own set of unique baggage. I disliked them all so much, I can’t decide who I like the least – but this was an I-enjoy-not-liking-you dislike, if that makes sense. However, none of them really roused much empathy from me, and I only developed surface level feelings. Frankly, I just didn’t really care all that much about any them.Don’t get me wrong, it was good enough, and certainly held my interest. I read it pretty quickly, and definitely was invested in the story. The alternating perspectives, and the way it jumped around in time, though commonplace in books these days, was, for the most part, successful here. The writing was simple, and clipped along at a decent pace to grab and maintain my attention.All in all, I would say read it, but it’s a case of been-there-done-that for me. It obviously works for some people though, given it’s reigning status at the top of the bestsellers list. I also think it would make a great book club pick, as it’s short, quick, and full of plenty of chat-able fodder.For more, visit www.bookishtendencies.com
After seeing this novel reviewed everywhere as the ""next Gone Girl,"" I was eager to read it.  I even pre-ordered it to arrive on the day in was released (sadly this didn't work as the book made it only to a neighboring state's distribution center and then seemed to disappear!)  After re-ordering it, I was excited to get it..Sadly, this book did not match the hype at all, though the premise had great potential.To me, one of the biggest failings was to make the main character (Rachel) completely unlikeable.  She is an unemployed drunk having been left by her husband when she turns to alcohol when she cannot have a baby (or so she says).  She spends her days riding the train to London for the job she lost months ago and living vicariously through the lives she imagines for the people she sees.  Instead of work, she kills the daytime hours drinking or wandering around only to return home on the train she took when she worked.  She lies to everyone about her status.The murderer's identity would have been solved half way through the book had she not been completely drunk on the night of the abduction--so much so that she has blacked out the entire night and cannot remember what she saw.Somehow, this sad, unemployed, alcoholic woman thinks she can solve the mysterious disappearance of a woman she has never met but whom she has seen from the train window.  She inserts herself into the investigation (I can't say too much here without giving away the plot).If you still want to read this, wait for the paperback.  Not worth the cost of a hardcover.
A chilling story with unlikeable characters. Aside from a very slow beginning, the story builds in suspense and has a very good ending. However, I felt no joy while reading this book and will not miss it now that I've finished it.
I read this, or rather listened to this, over a couple of weeks. The audio-book version was great, due mostly to the wonderful readers who took on the various parts of Meagan, Rachel, Anna. Those readers had such delightful accents that they could've read the phone directory and I would have loved it. Hawkins's book was a bit more interesting than the telephone directory, but not by much. I did figure out the murderer by disc 7, which is not that early in the game, but my main gripe here is the first-person narrative technique that simply does not work very well, especially for Meagan, who -- spoiler alert -- seems to be narrating her bit from the Great Beyond (but what a great voice!).I kept imagining this book with an omniscient narrator, and I think it would have been much better. These characters all seems numbingly similar and their whining never really rises above what Faulkner would call the matters of the ""glands."" The men are rather two-dimensional cads (thank God they make no appearance on the audio!), so who cares about the stereotype versions of their lives depicted here? The clues were strewn about with yeoman adequacy; the crime novel as ""genre"" seemed well-served, and the opening bit of the girl on the train was a good lead in to the plot. If you like Hawkins, I am sure you will like this book. If you like crime novels, weak plotting and standard characters only lead you faster to the perpetrator. I enjoyed the voices; they were good company driving down 360 past Richmond and into Northern Virginia for a few turns. Take it or leave it.
None of the women featured in Paula Hawkins’ thriller The Girl on the Train are particularly likable. Rachel, the main character, is a drunk. Anna stole Rachel’s husband. Megan has panic attacks and sleeps around. Their careers don’t seem to be particularly important to them, but they feel incomplete without a man (or men) in their life. And those men aren’t peaches either.Hawkins’ choice of narrative style also gave me pause. Each of the women tells their part of the story in first-person present-tense, delivered via excerpts stamped with dates and time of day (usually “morning” or “evening”). The passages almost read like journal entries, or extended anecdotes relayed to a camera or transcriber, but they’re meant to describe what’s happening in real time. For one character, this wouldn’t have strained credulity too far. But when we head hop in this style between three characters, the seams start to show, especially when Hawkins shuffles the chronology.So why couldn’t I put this book down?Because Hawkins’ keeps the pacing taut, while still finding time to tell us enough about the characters to make us feel sorry for (most of) them, and even root for them to get their acts together. It’s skillfully done.Does this make The Girl on the Train great literature? No. But it doesn’t need to be—thrillers aren’t expected to make us reexamine our outlook on life or impart a weighty lesson. They just need to entertain. And Hawkins’ latest novel does that in spades.(For more reviews like this one, see www.nickwisseman.com)
It certainly kept me on the edge of my seat and guessing about the outcome. My biggest problem with the book was a lack of empathy with the major character in the story. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good mystery.
I think I set the bar a bit too high with all of the Gone Girl comparisons. I did enjoy the book but felt the beginning was a bit slow. Once the pace picked up I quite enjoyed it. I would say It is definitely worth the read!
The plot isn't bad, but the characters are very poorly written.  Apart from the fact that none of them are likeable, they simply aren't very distinguishable either.  The women all have similar personalities - weak judgment, bad decision-making, easily manipulated, bad tempered.  And the male characters were equally unoriginal and similar to each other - self-centered, mean, capable of violence.At the start the book had some promise.  The premise, while in some ways derivative of Hitchcock's movie ""Rear Window,"" seemed interesting.  A woman who commutes into London every day sees something suspicious as her train passes by the backyards of a small subdivision.  The story evolves from there as the suspicious event starts the unraveling of several lives, as described alternately by some of the main characters.But while the book is an easy read, and the essence of the mystery holds the reader's attention reasonably well, I found myself racing to the end not because it was so exciting but just to be done with the book.  The cast of characters, and especially ""the girl on the train,"" comprised a collection of some of the most unlikeable individuals I've ever encountered in a novel of this type and I couldn't wait for the story to be over.  As they repeated the same stupid mistakes over and I over I wanted to shout out, ""No, not again, please!""I've not read anything else by Paula Hawkins but, based on this book, I probably won't add her to my list of regular authors.
So I ran across rave reviews for this book online. It's the ""must read book of the summer"" as Gonee Girl was a few years back. I read that one over the summer it came out so I figured  I'd give this a try. I tried to get it from the library & after being told I was #90 on the wait list, I went out & got my own copy. I was expecting a lot from this novel after all the comparisons to GG (which I didn't 100% love, but can admit the plot twists were intriguing). TGOTT was a tough read at first. I couldn't connect with Rachel & her on again off again drinking, self pity, & general weirdness. I kept thinking ""I see why Tom left her"". And the characters just got worse! You really don't care about any of them (especially Anna & Megan). The women in this book are all weak & pitiful. The men are all abrasive & cocky. The cops are dim witted. It's just a mish mash of uncertainty.Now as far as the actual story & plot, I couldn't put this book down. I enjoyed the chapters. Even as some reviews call it unrealistic, I take that with a grain of salt because it's a fiction book! I am a hardcore mystery reader & didn't think it was predictable. I figured out ""whodunit"" before the actual reveal but only by anfew chapters. I played the ""it was _____"" game for most of the book.In conclusion I would recommend this book but I would give a disclaimer that you shouldn't go into it expecting GG, but to give it a chance on its own merit. You'll hate the characters but the story won't disappoint.
Since GONE GIRL, there appears to be an obsession with unreliable narrators- characters who do not necessarily reflect the truth from their perspective. In this case, Rachel, an alcoholic, lost her husband and her job over her drinking problem. She aimlessly rides the same train to London every day to occupy her time so that her landlady thinks she still has a job and can afford rent. Everyday she passes a house near the tracks in which live a couple that appear happy. She even names them Jess and Jason. For some reason, their happiness comforts her until one day when she sees Jess kissing another man in her backyard.  There are two other narrators in this story- Anna, the new wife of her ex-husband and Megan,  the woman Rachel named Jess. None of these women are solid citizens and together it is hard to piece together exactly what is going on. A disappearance soon ties all of these lives into one convoluted knot. This is a debut novel. It is the only reason it is noteworthy. The plot is interesting with enough twists and turns to keep the reader guessing as to what is happening. For that reason it is a so-called buzz book. My problem rests in the characters and their dialogue. It is maddening. None appear remotely sympathetic and all are stereotypes- especially the men. As we approach the conclusion, the villain feels it is necessary to divulge all- a stock device that reflects unoriginality. The writing is truly terrible but the plot is what keeps it interesting. A tepid recommendation.
Chapters titled with characters names seemed to jump all around.  I found it a little difficult to keep up with thestoryline if I put it down for a bit and then went back to reading.  Who is the character now?
GIRL ON THE TRAIN has received rave reviews but IMHO is is a very slow train about some strange people.Rachael takes the same commuter train into London every day and through the quirks of the signalling system most days it slows or stops near a row of houses in the London suburbs. She can see something of the people living in each house in the row from the train and even gives some of them names, Gradually you realise that Rachael is interested because she used to live in one of the houses.The plot unfurls slowly as we get to know more about Rachael, her drinking problems and the reasons for her fixation on the houses and their occupants. She cannot move on from her past and keeps trying to connect with the people she sees from the train, although some of them don't want to see her.This is basically a psychological thriller that unfolds page by page to give you a bigger picture of what happened and what is happening. Unfortunately it unfolded too slowly for me to get absorbed in the story and I put it down several times because I couldn't connect with what it was about.The only thing that I did connect with was the train journey as many years ago I commuted to London on  a train that frequently stopped at a junction between two lines. I remember seeing the back gardens and windows of the nearby houses, but never had a clear view of any of the occupants.My thanks to The Reading Room and the publisher for a copy of this book.
This is a very clever book.  I really don't get the comparisons to Hitchock, except for the ""Rear Window"" premise of someone observing (sort of) a crime from a distance.  I enjoyed the diary-like entries of the various characters from their point of view.  As each reveals their view of the events happening around them, clues emerge one by one in a tantalizing way, twisting and turning the plot.  That said, I'm not sure why it's a best seller, other than it is hard to put down but in a can'tl-take-my-eyes-off-the-train-wreck sort of way.  It's not a cozy novel to relax and read by the fire. It's very depressing with none of the characters having any really redeeming qualities.  Indeed, most of them are very, very self-centered and probably more flawed than they needed to be.  The main character is a self-destructing drunk who makes bad choice after bad choice and never really seems to learn anything from her constant mistakes (this gets really tiring and thin by the end of the book).  Yes it's a mystery, but it's also a very unflattering, gritty look at addiction and what it does to ruin people's lives.  The addictions are substance abuse, serial infidelity, selfishness and disregard for our fellow human beings.  If anything it reminded me that all of us need to reach out to others more often.  We get caught up in our own lives and selfish needs, that we don't look at the suffering of others.  That's really what this book is all about.  It's not a relaxing read by any means.
The Girl On The Train was an easy Summer read, easily finished in a couple of days. None of the characters in the book are likable people, but that lends more to the story than detracts from it, or it could have if the author had provided a little more character development for a couple of the characters. The main character, Rachel, is a divorced alcoholic who wastes her time daydreaming about the lives of strangers while in denial of what a mess her own life has become. Her ex-husband has moved on with a new wife and has a child, but she is in denial about her place in his life. She spends her days riding a train from her flat to London, and each day, she passes by their house -- her former house. When she interjects herself into the lives of strangers, she ends up embroiled in a missing persons case. Because she drinks too much and lies too much, her sincere desire to help comes across as attention-seeking and unstable. Her constant lies hurt the victims and only make her look more insane. When she starts telling the truth, nobody believes anything she says. The ending was somewhat contrived, but there had to be an ending, and better this one than one of the alternatives, I guess. The reasoning behind the perpetrator's actions were hidden from the reader for too long. Everything that could have been discussed throughout the book was shoved into the last few pages. By the end, I was satisfied and enjoyed it, but it could have been tweaked for a bit more suspense.
It's a page turner but has an improbable plot.  The three main women characters are extremely annoying.  I figured out ""whodunit"" long before the end but couldn't put it down until I confirmed my guess.
This is a most unique storyline. A tale that travels a strange course and leads to a surprising conclusion. The term psychological thriller has seldom been a better description than when applied to this novel.
This is a tough book to review, because I cannot honestly say that I disliked it. I liked it. Begrudgingly, I liked it. It was a quick and easy read. I switched back and forth between the Kindle and Audible versions and though I liked the acting in the audiobook, I found myself just wanting to read because I could do so quicker than listening.This book reminded me a lot of Gone Girl--seemingly complex characters that somehow seem completely base when you get to know them. There is no one to like or root for, which is frustrating, and you are not sure who to trust because there are multiple narrators. Everything leads up to a reveal, which I believe most readers will be able to figure out about halfway through the book, and then the story just ends.Unlike Gone Girl, I believe it was mildly well-written, capturing voice especially well. I also did not feel as if my time was wasted because it was such a fast read, and I did find myself thinking about the stories when I wasn't reading. I gave it three stars because emotionally, I let myself get involved, and any less stars would have been dishonest (but oh how I longed to give it only two!).This is a good beach or vacation read, something to excite you during the mundane winter months or pass the time on a long trip. It is not a life-changing journey, nor is it something that will leave you feeling as if you learned something, but it will certainly keep you guessing.
I did enjoy this book, but it wasn't the best by any means. It was rather slow moving, which was intentional I believe. But it made it hard to get into and push through. Keep going though, it is a good read.
I bought this book because of all the wonderful reviews. It was ok, almost a study of alcoholism, but not the edge of my seat thriller I was expecting. I wish I had saved the 5.99 and got it on a daily deal.
This first-person mystery-thriller has a fairly intriguing plot which doesn’t really get introduced until page 54. In many mysteries the author holds back information from the reader and introduces red herrings (this one does also), but in this novel and others like it, we are told the story by a so-called “unreliable narrator” who is either naïve or messed-up somehow.  In the book under review, it is a messed-up narrator named Rachel who tells part of the story in her own voice. That was my problem: the reader has to slog through about fifty pages of back-story that is tedious, the mystery begins, but then I found myself skimming through other parts of her narration as she talks through her unhappy life, her fears, her mistakes (I won’t mention details, but most of it is banal). Other narrators are also not that interesting. Stylistically, the author, like so many thriller writers, depends on short choppy sentences: that and the relatively short length of the book, makes it a quick read. This novel could have been edited down to a tight and suspenseful novella or short story.To end with a positive comment: there are good surprises in the story!Don’t you wonder who these first-person narrators are telling their stories to? This book doesn’t use the technique of having them write diaries, such as was done in ""Gone Girl"". I know, there are great first person novels, but the narrator has to be an interesting character.
The girl on the train is a debut book by Paula Hawkins. That and the grand reception the book received got me really intrigued about the contents of it. The blurb also appeared far too enticing and finally I bought the book. Reading it together with Denise really brought more insight into the book and what it was lacking.The book is about the observations of a girl in a train and the consequences when she plans to act on them. It has enough twists and turns to keep the reader engaged. The plot of the story takes you on a roller coaster ride where everyone appears to be guilty. Not only is it fast, it also maintains its pace through most of the book.However, the characters could have been better. Instead of feeling empathy with the protagonist, the main feeling that comes is pity and a slight disgust. Rachel is this sad lonely woman who no one will glance at twice and even if they do, it will be to step away from her and wrinkle their nose.The male characters were passable. The relationship Rachel had with Tom, Jason and the therapist brought out how lonely and desperate she was. However what truly disappointed me was the ending. It was very abrupt and lots of questions remained unanswered at the end. It did not give a closure to the otherwise interesting story.All this gives Girl on the train a 3 star rating. It is an interesting read but be prepared to remain dissatisfied at the end.
I thought the writing was good and the POV changes interesting, but the story was slow, and I figured out who the murderer was early.  Most of the story was about a woman losing her battle with alcoholism.
I am thrown off by all of the Gone Girl references. This was not even similar in plot, to me anyway.I struggled a bit with it. The writing style was multiple POV's, which is fine, but at times very confusing. I kept putting it down and when I picked it up I was often confused as to which “voice” I was reading and had to backtrack a bit.Did I think it was predictable? Yes. I had it a figured out fairly early on. I think that might come from reading too many books. Others may not see through the characters deception(s) so easily.Did I like it? Yes. I liked it.It was repetitive at times, but I still found it enjoyable. I found myself more curious with the Anna chapters the most versus the actual Girl on the Train; Rachel. I felt that Rachel being a drunk was jammed down our throats along with all the booze she consumed. Her character was very troubled and it went well beyond her booze addiction. The drinking problem was the focus even though an alcoholic typically would not waste their money on train fare when they can buy another bottle.Even though I knew “who-dun-it”, I liked the ending and how it all finally came to a head.Would I tell others to read it? Sure. It was tough for me to rate. It did not knock my socks off, but I did finish it and thought it was an ok read. It was a good debut novel and I think I might be in the minority with my opinions, so I say give it a try.
I was irritated by the author`s switching between characters as well as time lines in an effort to set background and plot progression. I felt it was too contrived in an effort to keep us interested.
Touted as the next Gone Girl and described as a psychological thriller, The Girl on the Train has skyrocketed to the top of the bestsellers lists this year. But I enjoyed Gone Girl so much more than this one that I cringe at the comparison.Well, it's not that bad. I’ll give credit where credit is due, and I’ll say this, the author is certainly adept at creating suspense, even when not much is happening. Yep, that’s right, there’s not much plot here. Most of it is a slow sort of page turner, which is an odd thing to say. I kept turning the pages. Waiting. Wondering. Intensely curious.In some respects, this is a classic mystery set up. (Not that I’ve read so many mysteries that I’m an authority on what is classic and what is new, but just go with me here.) A young woman disappears and we’re left wondering, is she dead? And, who dun it?In other respects, it’s different from a classic mystery for using the most unreliable narrators I’ve ever come across. The novel is told using three perspectives – all of them seemingly interchangeable and all of them completely unreliable. You just don’t know who or what to believe or trust. It’s this aspect of the novel that makes it interesting and worth reading.All in all, it’s okay. Not terrible. Entertaining enough. But, this was no Gone Girl. Maybe I would have liked it better without the comparison.
The Girl on the Train had my attention at times, other times I felt like I was just trying to get to the end. The main character, Rachel, is a divorced, jobless, alcoholic. She shows up at her old house (which is now being lived in by her ex, his new wife and their daughter) and doesn't remember it the next day as she suffers from alcoholic amnesia. She makes up a pretend life for the people that live a few doors down from her old house as she passes them by everyday as she pretends to go to work. She then learns the woman in said house is now missing. She was in the area that night but cannot remember anything because of a blackout. The story then goes on with Rachel trying to fill in the missing pieces that night.This story is told from three different pov. We have Rachel, the amnesiac alcoholic, Anne, the mistress and now wife of Rachel's ex, and Megan, the now missing woman with a lot of secrets. Most of the characters in this book are rather bleak. The only one I found likeable was Rachel's roomate. I think she may be the only sane one in the bunch. This book could be redundant at times with Rachel always drinking but never remember what happened. But she somehow found her way home each time.I give it three stars because it was an okay read. I probably wouldn't recommend it to my friends but if you can't find anything to read this book can pass the time.
This book has great reviews, but it is a disappointment.  There is no character that you can relate to and the story is somewhat rediculous, I found it tedious to read, slow and not gripping at all.
Became tedious after a while, being drunk, hangovers and minding everyone else's business.  Good ""twist"" at the end helped a lot.Didn't like flashbacks and alternating narrators.
Getting ready to go to the gym I'd decided I should finish reading the last 20 pages of The Girl on the Train before I go. So I did read the last 20 pages and now I'm writing this.I rated the book 3 stars. When an author writes a book using different main character narratives, each person narrating will have a different associative behavior, different style of speaking, different thought waves, impressions, analysis, just talking in their personal way that is distinctive from everyone else.But, in The Girl on the Train each separate character narration had the same voice. In other words, the author uses the same internal thinking processes for Rachel, Anna and Megan. Paula Hawkins the author, should have given the women unique individual personalities to process situations differently.Wordiness is distinctively featured in this novel; using one thought and telling it several times in one sentence gets irritating and boring. Telling the reader is also distinctively disruptive in this novel. Creative editing as well as substituting a wordy sentence for perhaps two or three better descriptive words would have livened up the irritating parts.However, well done Hawking for writing a psychological murder mystery featuring three dysfunctional women, as well as two dysfunctional men in a society drowning in lies, deceit and alcohol. :)
I think that what the book lacked in the beginning and middle, it made up for in the ending. I, of course, won't spoil it here, but it is very slow up until the ending which was somewhat predictable. The characters, main included, are somewhat dry, and altogether predictable. I can't help but imagine that the book would have been a much better read if told from Anna's perspective, as she was one of the only complex characters. Affairs are the key point of the book, though none take turns away from the predictable. The book spoils itself around the middle--towards the end, providing 1-2 red herrings before finally settling into the finale; naturally tidying the story and hitting all of the tropes of a murder mystery unabashedly. For myself, I read the book expecting the caliber of story that a Gillian Flynn novel may provide, a good airport page-turner to get me through a flight. Though this was a book that bored me in the beginning, middle, hooked me 30 pages before the ending, and finally disappointed me. I usually refrain from giving negative reviews, but honestly I wish someone would have let me know that there was better junk-lit out there. Try Gillian Flynn, Stephen King, or anything really. If you are tremendously bored, give this one a go. I couldn't pay attention to this book and ended up playing with my napkin if that gives you any notion of how this book is read.
I had high expectations for this book, based upon what I had read about it.  However, I had absolutely no interest about what happened to the protagonist- she was just too slovenly for me to care.
Not bad for a first novel. The narrative did become repetitive which annoyed me a little. I liked the way she defined the characters by identifying about whom she was speaking in various chapters.
A thrilling page turner till the unfolding. And then it's as if the author rushed the ending to make a deadline, or she was tired of writing. The denouement was ridiculous. Like a Lifetime movie.
Some Exciting elements:  Unpredictable,Continuous plot building, Interesting  characters Extremely creative idea for a book.Negative elements:  often confusing, too much repetition.
I enjoyed the first three quarters of this book. It was exciting and fast-paced, and I enjoyed being pulled into the main protagonist’s mess of a mind. While she was a wreck and an alcoholic, I still found her sympathetic enough to be likable. One of the themes of the book was that no person or family is perfect, and I think the author did a good job of conveying this. I also enjoyed the buildup as we discover what’s going on with the other woman, Megan, in this story.My disappointment came toward the end. Maybe I’ve read too much fiction, but I didn’t find the twist all that exciting or interesting. Because of this, I did enjoy “Gone Girl” and the awesome use of the unreliable narrator a lot more. Given all the positive reviews, it seemed like “Girl on the Train” was going to lead up to something really unique. Given the deteriorating mental state of the protagonist, I was preparing myself for something along the lines of multiple personality disorder or finding out a character wasn’t real. (Not that those devices are completely unique—but I was still waiting for something kind of off the wall) Instead, it just becomes a terrifying domestic dispute. The men in this story are also very unlikable and needed a few more redeeming qualities.I’d recommend it for a fun summer poolside read but don’t expect too much.
Disappointed in the characters and shallow subplots.  The book tries too hard to intertwine characters and stories in ways that make no sense. For the sophisticated reader, pass on this one.
Kept my attention but hard to get into. The characters are not very likable and their constant poor decision making and low self esteems made me uncomfortable and frustrated. Wrapped up a little too neatly at the end.
Interesting prmise but plot becomes to predictable.  Main character could be better developed as could several of minor characters.  Lack of character development lessens the impact of story
It's a good little pot boiler but I wouldn't rave about it. I got it on Kindle so I didn't spend big. For 11 dollars AUD it was value for money. It helped me get to know Kindle and that was educational. Actually people are not looking for really profound books. A famous painter spent a lot of time producing low-level paintings for tourists to get cash. But he did do high quality work which hangs in art galleries. But t he low-level paintings were his bread and butter. I am talking about Picasso. Dame Nellie Melba a famous Australian singer said ""Sing 'em muck"" because that was how she made money and of course the present rock stars sing nothing but muck and they are laughing all the way to the bank. Sam Johnson said that he wrote for money and that was the only sensible thing to write for. And he is right. One can produce high quality books that are profound but I doubt that they would bring in the big bucks. Maybe Paula can write some profound stuff that will make a mark in literature but she won't get much increase in her bank balance. Paula said that she came from Zimbabwe. Maybe she could do a quality product on the decline of Zimbabwe under Mugabe. It might add to our understanding of the unfortunate predicamen to the people of Zimbabwe and make a real mark in literature. But she wouldn't make money out of it.
I think this book has been too overly rated!!  Was very disappointed.  I read a lot of books.  Was excited to read this.  Just kept waiting for ""something"" that didn't ever show up!
I was expecting a lot from this book after the comparison to Gone Girl. While I liked it, I wasn't as thrilled with it as I was hoping. The narrative switches between three characters, Rachel, Megan, and Anna. However Anna is thrown in mid novel and it doesn't make sense to me why she was included. Her narrative offers very little with the exception of a realization at the end. While I was interested in what a mess Rachel was, it is hard to relate to her as she is so pathetic. She drinks so much she blacks out, rides the train everyday and wanders with no job, and calls her ex husband (who cheated on her and moved on) repeatedly because she is so desperate and lonely. It makes her appear weak that she cannot move on from the man that cheated on her.I found the twists at the end a surprise, but that only makes me like Rachel's drunken attempts to reach out to her ex, Tom, even less. I am happy with her final decision with Tom, but that is about it. As far as Tom is concerned, his character is seems believable at first, but once you get to the end he just doesn't seem realistic. The end seems a little forced.While I expected more I didn't dislike the novel, I just wished for something a little more believable. I wouldn't stop someone from reading the novel, but I don't know if I would recommend it.
I feel like this book was way overrated. The protagonist was whiny and annoying. The twist at the end was pretty good, I saw it coming a little ahead, but I still enjoyed the book overall.
This book is getting such hype that I finally decided to give it a whirl.  I would say this, if your a fan of the book and film ""Gone Girl"", you might really enjoy this book.  But I just found ""The Girl On The Train"" to be a slightly paler version of the better novel: ""Gone Girl"".  I have heard that Hollywood is also making this book into a movie.  Should be interesting, as whoever is cast as the female lead, will need to play her character as if in a drunken stupor for the majority of the film.  This is interesting, as this is one case, where I could actually see the film version, being better then the book, depending upon who is cast and their acting talents.  I'm not reviewing this to report that the book or plot is bad at all, its actually quite readable.  But Is it my favorite thriller?  No. In fact I found the end of Girl On The Train far more predictable then the ending of ""Gone Girl"".  So is it worth reading, - yes, but it moves slower.  The most interesting part of it, is the fact that lives are being viewed in different stages while the lead female character rides a commuter train, often while swilling gin and tonics. Which later makes her question what she has truly viewed.  Thatcreative ploy in itself lends much interest to the book.  I give it a solid B minus.
I have read all the rave reviews and I just don't agree.  It is well written, but is extremely repetitive, and I figured out the mystery half way thru..I did finish it and liked it OK.
There are no likable characters. It was paced well at times and dragged at other times. As much as I couldn't wait for it to end, the ending was abrupt and very pat. Not a great read.
Interesting story but not particularly well written.  Several women share the narrative and they are all losers.  It's difficult to be sympathetic to such shallow, selfish characters.
I borrowed this book from my local libary, in audio version. Books that have multiple narrators intrigue me. I thought the premise sounded really cool, and saw so many high reviews. I wonder if I had read the book, instead of listened to it, if I would have gotten it read faster, and not lost interest so easily. In fact I did lose interest and found myself having to rewind seconds - minutes in the  audio.  I can see how some would compare this to Gone Girl due the back and forth narration and the suspense, however similarities end there.I would recommend this to a fellow reader, in visual form, if only to get their thoughts on the book. I would not recommend this as an audio book. I really feel it could be a page turner. But I did not stop this book thinking WOW as I did in the formerly mentioned book.I am not sure if this is mentioned in the book synopsis or not so *possible spoiler alert* .....Rachel is an alcoholic.. More times than not, she really irritated me. Her behavior drove me nuts. That is the biggest negative for me, I just did not want to empathize with an alcoholic and their actions.As we near the end of the book, I could guess at what was coming. The author then threw me for a few minutes, but it turned out as expected.
Another who done it novel, made a bit different by naming the chapters after the character speaking. I'd have guessed either Tom or Anna, or perhaps the red haired guy on the train.
Honestly this book didn't feel like a thriller until about 70% through. The pace and details picked up then. I'm a bit confused about what happened with ""Jason"" at the end.
I did not like this book. Spoiler alert if you insist on reading it. I went through it quickly because I kept wanting it to get better. It did, and then it didn't. Being inside the head of a 30 year old alcoholic was no fun. I did not like Rachel, although I did have some sympathy for her at the end. Some.  What scared me the most was their suburban street. Geez. What did not go on there? All 3 of the featured women (neighbors) were miserably unhappy. None was able to please themselves. They were looking to men (their husband or someone else's), to pregnancy and babies, even being a homemaker to make them feel complete. Of course, when they achieved that they were once again bored and unhappy. In the end Anna and Rachel bond because they both are victims of the liar, Tom. Megan is the ultimate of Tom’s victims, she is the one who dies. I did like Anna’s wavering at the end. She really was torn between believing Tom or weird Rachel. Finally, she did come through and actually put a twist on the corkscrew herself. Not just killing Tom, but eradicating him. Scott (Megan’s husband who cried on Rachel’s shoulder and then slept with her) is sort of left by the wayside. I think he becomes the next Rachel stumbling about town drunk and not recalling anything.
This is the fourth book of this genre that I've recently read, none of which I consider particularly appealing.  The other three are Gone Girl, The Woman Who Lost Her Soul, and The Goldfinch.  Of the four, however, this is probably the best with Gone Girl a close second.  It is an introspective approach through the personal thoughts and ramblings of all its primary characters.  Also, the characters all suffer from neurotic and psychotic personality traits.  The protagonist is a neurotic boozer and the primary victim suffers from a sexual obsession, which may or may not have been instituted by her causing the accidental death of her infant daughter.  What I found most interesting in the book were the use of British terms:  CV (Curriculum Vitae) for resume, off-license for liquor or package store, flat-mate for roommate, and where we normally purchase beer in cans, the British normally buy Gin & Tonic in cans.  The plot is good, but the writing style is not for me.  Hawkins does, at least, generate a normal progression for events and does not make the reader wait forever for the story to unfold, as in The Goldfinch.  To me this appears to be the accepted norm for writing novels by the younger authors, and for recommendations by bookstore employees.
After hearing so much about this book, I was eager to read it.  The premise of the story is certainly interesting, a woman (Rachael) who rides the same train every day develops a voyeuristic relationship with a couple that reside in a house she passes each day on the train.  She names them and fantasizes about their lives and relationship.  When the woman is reported missing she recalls things she has observed and suspects that her ideal woman had secrets that may be the reason for her disappearance.  She sets out to unravel the mystery of her disappearance.  Unfortunately,  Rachel is also an alcoholic with a history of blackouts and faulty memory.  Who would believe her?  Its a good story but unfortunately for me I so disliked the main character that it detracted from my enjoyment of the book.  As a divorced, grieving, alcoholic mess of a person, Racheal made bad choices and often lied to cover up her frailties.  Her weak, indecisive nature drove me crazy.  In this sense the author did a great job in sharing the inner turmoil that created this character.  The story has  and  interesting twists but a rather flat ending.  Still it is a cleaver story.  I don't regret reading it and I will be ready for the upcoming screen adaptation.
I was really looking forward to this read after all the comparisons to Gone Girl, but unfortunately for me, it didn’t hold up.  I’m a HUGE fan of books with despicable characters who justify their selfish assuming actions in any way they can in order to continue their façade.  The problem with this book for me is that everything was predictable and the characters, while being awful human beings, were just so stupid I couldn’t buy into a lot of what was going on.  I was about 40 pages into the book before I had the ending figured out, and yep, I was right.If you’re looking for a book with terrible people and no real HEA; because let’s be honest people, there is no such thing as a “true” HEA, even though literature would like us to believe otherwise; then I would suggest Gone Girl over TGOTT.  I just didn’t find it that original and the main character wasn’t so much a terrible person (someone I love to hate) as much as she was just a pathetic sorry excuse for a human being that whines and bitches all the time.So why 3 stars when I really didn’t find it that original?  It was still entertaining.  I was glad when it was done but I was still fairly entertained by the sheer idiocracy that occurred in this book.
Lots of people have summed up the content of the book, so I will confine myself to the things that struck me.This book is compared to ‘Gone Girl’. The books are both situated in the domestic sphere and the characters are at best flawed and at worst deeply unlikable and amoral. But the differences are much more poignant: whereas in ‘Gone Girl’ there is a great brain at work, someone who reflects and deals accordingly, the actions of the characters in this book are entirely defined by instinct. That gives the book it’s claustrophobic feel. There is hardly anything that make the characters reach beyond themselves, it is as if they are bend into themselves. There is just instinct and that makes the women manipulative and petulant mothers and the men selfish and egotistical alpha males.I have to admit I warmed to Rachel. She made stupid decisions all the time, but she was stubborn as well and eager to know the truth. There was something there, she wanted to reach out.Plot wise I guessed the great plot twist after 10 pages and I am not a great guesser, so no surprises there. The prose is nice and sometimes poetic. But the characters are much alike and therefore the feeling of boredom was my main feeling.
I thought this book would be a lot better than it was. It's British and I feel that the characters are somewhat aloof and it's hard to connect with them on a personal level.
Having read Gone Girl and hearing the hype for this book, I expected more than was delivered.  I thought that the plot was over-complicated; it was difficult to distinguish characters and motivations because, especially at the beginning, the reader had to decipher ""who was who.""  I never was able to sympathize or identify with any of the characters.  They were all significantly flawed; I could not understand the motivation of any of the three women--they each found a way to manufacture their own dismal destiny without finding a way out of the mess.  They each allowed themselves to be manipulated by the males in the story; are women really as desperate as this??I also thought that the plot was bogged down by repetitive reflections.  How many times can we go to the ""underpass"" without becoming suspect of the events?  Once it was established that Anna was not available in the scene, the predictability of  the final event was obvious.I kept wanting at least one of the characters to be redeemable . . . someone whom I could feel controlled his/her own outcome.  But, not one really stepped up to the plate.  Circumstance ruled each one; human will did not stand a chance.
The book departs from a good premise. Rachel, a conflicted woman (not a girl by any chance) spying on her former husbands new wife and some neighbors which houses rest in the path of the train that she takes every morning to work. Or to pretend she works. She's a full blown alcoholic drifting on a world of fantasy.Cleverly, Hawkins jumps from her point of view, narrated as a diary of sorts, to the view the three women in the novel. The observed neighbor, Megan, who has a complicated life and demeanor far from Rachel imagination. And Anna, her former husband's new wife.The conflicting POV work fine for a while, until half the book. There it stumbles a bit with contrived twists. Perhaps the weaker point of the novel (spoilers aside) is that in many ways pretends to be a whodunit, with a very small pool of suspects. The best point is the characterization of the women (all of them, even Rachel's roommate, poor old good-sport Claire; exception noted for non convincing detective Riley), and the misogynous dark world they inhabit, where beyond roleplaying as companions, mothers, wives, lovers, sinners or victims, there's not much left for them to aspire.Good first fiction effort by Hawkins.
Let me preface this by saying I have read mysteries my entire life and I'm old. So, I guessed who the killer was pretty soon into the read. I like the premise of the book; that we don't really know what goes behind close doors but honestly I didn't like the characters and that for me is key to liking a book. There are many points of view but if you look closely all the characters are more or the less the same which to me means selfish and clueless. I did like the way the book moves and gives more information with every chapter. That was clever. But I started getting bored toward the end which is not good. As a writer I know endings are difficult and this one was not plausible. Maybe to a younger person this all makes sense but to me, it seemed phony and a bit repetitive with the train and drinking theme. However, if this sounds like a bad review, note that I did give it three stars. I think the author has a good way with words and with time she could become an awesome thriller writer. I read it in a day. It is an easy read because of the short chapters and action. However, please make the main character more likable and the ending leaving the reader satisfied with the time taken in reading a book.
Which is more than I can say about the last 4 books chosen by my book club friends. It did grab me at first, but then it became a bit tedious. I took a cue from the main character and drank my way through until the pace sped up to a rallying finale...not really, but a drink would have probably helped.The story of the girl on the train is told by three ""girls"" who are in fact women. There are also three men in this story. Someone has killed one of the three women, but who? Slowly unraveling the mystery, each woman's telling from different points in time - before and after the murder (you may need a chart or a calendar to keep it straight) serves to reveal who was capable of murder.  It seemed to me like any of the men could have done it. Ultimately, we learn the sinister truth.The woman on the train is the primary character, but she is usually drunk or getting drunk. During her semi lucid moments she is trying to figure out who killed the other woman. Her drunkenness is tedious to the reader and to the other characters and ultimately impedes the police investigation. Like a drunk, the story telling is a bit foggy...murky detail, not much depth, but you won't be left hanging.
The story is about relationships surrounding Rachel, who while commuting to London makes up stories about a couple living in a house she can see from the train--a house just a few doors down from one she shared with her former husband. Rachel has alcoholic problems--sever alcohol problem--which caused her lose memories from a critical night. The book was interesting,  primarily told from Rachel's unreliable (because of the black-out) viewpoint, but two other women have their say. Anna is the other woman who ""broke up"" Rachel's marriage; these two do not like each other. Megan is a part of the couple Rachel creates an imaginary life for.The concept of creating imaginary lives for people we see on or from a train is common to writers--we do it all the time.  To watch Rachel deal with merging reality with this fantasy  when Megan disappears mysteriously is part of what makes the book fun.The women felt real, each with their own positive and negative characteristics.  The only problem is it was hard to tell them apart from the words as they all tended to talk and think in similar fashions (which, int he end, makes some sort of sense).  The guys are not drawn as well, but play their parts.
There's been a lot of comparison with [book:Gone Girl|21480930] and, while I understand where the comparison comes from, this novel is a completely different beast. I didn't find it as tightly written as ""Gone Girl"" and sometimes my mind wanders off when any of the narrator drifts into their illusions. I guess I'm that type of reader who doesn't like to read paragraphs of characters' what-ifs. Whenever Rachel imagines and creates stories for the couple she sees from the train, I am tempted to skip the pages (and sometimes I did, only to go back and read them because I want to be thorough) because it's not that relevant to the plot. You can skip the stories she created in her head about the couple she sees from the train and still make sense of the novel. At about 3/4 of the book, I had an inkling on how it will turn out. And it did turn out the way I thought it would be (no spoilers here), so it didn't take me by surprise the way Gone Girl did. If you're looking for comparison between the two, I found Gone Girl to be wicked, while The Girl on the Train was menacing. Its tone more gloomy than dark.Still a good read. I liked it, but not as much as I would have wanted to.
It is the age of Girl in the lit word:  Gone Girl, The Good Girl, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl on the Train, Luckiest Girl Alive....next will be: Girl Reading This Book; Yeah, the One Right In Front You -- So Meta, Huh?Admittedly I was drawn in to see what the hype was.  It's fine.  Or just okay.  At times it reads like a Jackie Collins-type romance with the breathless aura and steamy lusts and constant choking back of either sobs or bile.  The pacing is quite good and the author clearly took a lot of care in its structure.  Though there are some implausible coincidences and red herrings are thrown in by the bucket load.  And the murdered character never once mentions the name of her killer-lover despite recounting her life in the First Person...not until the end (so readers can join in on the discovery), but it stretches credibility.  But the main reason I docked two stars was for Voice and the Ending.  The story is told from the First-Person POV of three different characters and yet they all come off sounding the same.  The Ending is pretty Hollywood and too neat.  While the reveal of the killer was a surprise, what happens to him was...well, not so unique.
Rachel Watson is the miserable poster woman for a Borderline Personality-disordered alcoholic who is depressed, anxious and has no redeemable qualities as a human being.  The premise itself is interesting; the point of view of the voyeuristic train passenger who imagines the lives of those living along the tracks of her daily commute.  Rachel finds herself in the middle of a mystery she feels compelled to participate in as a main character.  Just when you think her obnoxious and unreliable participation will actually contribute to something positive and meaningful - you are reminded that she is so shallow and self-serving that nothing good will come from her interference.  The other characters are equally as shallow and self-serving.  Although the book is very well-written and certainly interesting in it's telling, I couldn't help but be distracted by the fact that everyone was unlikable.  Ultimately, I was disappointed in the fact that Rachel never became a better person and we never learned the source of her sociopathic behavior. There was no one to root for  (not even the police) and in the end I am baffled as to why everyone was as deranged as they were.
Honestly, I just don't like you. Yeah, you.... Rachel, Anne and Megan!I don't like your guys, husbands, and boyfriends in this book, either! In fact, I don't like ANYONE in this book!Does the writer make attempts at creating sympathy for some of these characters? Yeah...sort of. But there is a general disgust for everyone that is hard to shake off. I must admit, in the first couple chapters there is a fascinating draw to the narrative that did keep me reading...and reading...making me nauseous sometimes, sick and disgusted by stupid choices of our narrator, and then I became bored in the middle.I wanted to finish it, but I was sick of reading it. I put it down (metaphorically, since it's a Kindle) read something else and came back to finish it.And the finish was good. SCARY GOOD and mostly satisfying. No spoilers, sweetie! Just if you are looking for a book where you root for character and want to CARE for a main character, well....this ain't your book, baby. Much like Gone Girl where the unreliable narrative and unlikeable characters drive the story, this one has me shaking my head and drinking Pellegrino water!
I whipped through this book in a little more than a day. It's a fast read, a whodunit, with chapters that tell the story piece by piece from different characters' perspectives. It is not great literature and I expect that all the hype the book has gotten is because the ending does come as a surprise and there are lots of twists and turns along the way.The story centers on two couples who live a few houses apart on a street in London. Tom, Anna, and their baby are being harassed by Tom's ex-wife, Rachel, a heavy drinker who is out of work and taking the divorce hard. Rachel is the one who likes to watch people from the window of the commuter train and imagine she can figure out their lives from observation alone. The second couple, Megan and Scott, see their own marriage very differently from one another and Megan is keeping a couple of very big secrets. Of course it turns out all the characters are keeping secrets. And one of them is about a murder. The book is a narrative of how those secrets get either discovered or revealed.I'd put this in the category of good beach read --- fast moving and absorbing, but lightweight.
I picked up this book because everyone was talking about it and it seemed like a fun, fast read. That is certainly true: I finished the book in one day, on a flight from NYC to SF.Fair warning: if you don't like books with unlikeable characters, don't bother with this one. Everyone sucks; everyone is a bad person who makes bad decisions. The thing is, people like this exist, and that's what makes this story work: no narrator is reliable, and no one does anything out of the pure goodness of their heart.I can't give this book five stars because I have no desire to tell all my friends to read it, but I do concede that it was a fun romp. The end disappointed me a bit, and the characters/ unreliableness/badness gets slightly tedious by the end -- the author certainly declined to follow the 'less is more' motto and just wanted to make sure that you *really understood* how awful they are.Even so, if you're looking for a fairly brainless read to get out of a reading slump, it's a fun enough story, and it really does draw you in.Started: March 20, 2015Finished: March 20, 2015Rating: 6/10
I bought this book mostly because it was compared to Gillian Flynn's 'Gone Girl'; totally wrong!  The comparison could not be more inaccurate.  If the goal of the author was to write a book on characters that the reader was unable to relate to, or create a tangle pathetic characters, then the goal was accomplished.The story was good, but the characters were so unlikable.  Rachel the alcoholic who just had to be a part of the investigation into Megan's disappearance that she lies to Megan's husband Scott about knowing Megan. Rachel's ex-husband Tom the manipulator along with Anna his new wife the neurotic, lives in the house Rachel lived in with Tom when they were married.  Megan, trying to forget a traumatic experience, sleeps around on her docile, colorless husband Scott. At one point in the book, I was hoping Rachel character would have been the one to die off, in one of her drunken stupors; her character was just too contemptible.I'm not saying don't read the book, I just could not justify the comparison with any of the characters from 'Gone Girl.'
The story has some slow moments, lacks a bit of coherence and be omes predictable at some point.  It could have been muhc better since the idea of it is not bad.
Of two recent books compared frequently to Gone Girl, I would say The Kind Worth Killing by Peter Swanson has a slight edge over The Girl On The Train.  Both tell their respective stories from multiple perspectives.  Both jump back and forth in time.  And admittedly, both are page-turners.  I suppose the difference may be the degree of vulnerability exhibited by the lead characters in both books.  The main character in Swanson's book was just that much more devious in the Highsmith tradition that you become aghast at yourself in rooting for her.  Whereas here, Rachel - the ""girl"" from the title, is mostly a hopeless, pitiful drunk, and the worm turns just a little too slowly for my taste.  Also the blackouts she experiences throughout the story feel too convenient too often and are ultimately poorly explained.  And the climactic scene is stretched out a little too long and I figured out the identity of the culprit pretty early for this kind of mystery thriller.  Swanson's book, despite flaws of its own, has a better twist at the end.  Still, it's a quick, involving read and I look forward to bigger and better from this writer.
Entertaining and a fast read. I was able to figure out who the culprit was long before the ending but it turned out he was even more sociopathic than I thought.
Well, a lot of folks like it since it is on the best seller list. It was OK but certainly not great. None of the characters were very sympathetic especially Rachael who is ""the girl on the train"". As she rides back and forth on the train ,she spys on her ex husband's house and also on that of a young couple who lives nearby. Racheal even gives them a name and makes up a perfect life story for them. Alas, nothing is perfect and the wife vanishes. Rachael who spends the whole book in an alcoholic fog which includes blackouts thinks she knows something about what happened but can't remember it. This gets tiresome and she continues to drunk call her ex as well as the husband of the missing woman. She also can't stop stalking her ex's wife and new baby. the book contains many flashbacks and we get bits of info as we go along. It is told from the point of view of the new wife and the missing wife as well as Rachael's. All of the women behave stupidly and that gets a tad boring. But it did hold my interest enough to finish it. I would never reread it nor want to keep it. I get my books from the library and am sure glad I do.
It's hard to give a book 3 stars when it really kept me tied to my Kindle. But there's a strange dichotomy here. It's a rather dark thriller which kept me guessing until about page 170, where I sort of guessed how things meshed together. But I did not like the characters. Apart from aspects of Scott, I could not feel the empathy a reader should have with at least one or two characters. Rachel, the alcoholic, is one of those women who seem to moan and whine and irritate people. She irritated me, and her frequent and total blackouts after binge drinking were not always convincing. Anna is such a typical weak and clingy type -- but at the very end she's suddenly this amazingly strong woman just when the reader expects her to fall apart. Megan's psychiatrist remains a very vague figure, as does Megan herself. In fact, Megan is the least convincing character.But hey, there's a murder ...nuff said, I don't want to spoil the book for you. The atmosphere right through is somewhat depressing and humour is completely absent. But I guarantee you -- the book will still keep you reading until the very last page.
iT bothered me that the author wasn't able to differentiate between the characters in a convincing way.  The female characters used some of the same phrases.
A disturbing feeling. That's how I describe reading the life of the girl on the train. Her interest in complete strangers, a young couple who live on the same street as her ex husband and his new wife, is voyeuristic and downright creepy. She goes so far as to name them and imagine their relationship. This beginning sets up a dysfunctional mix of two neighboring couples and the ever watchful girl on the train--the ex-wife who is alcoholic and rides the train every morning to pretend she is still working a job so her roommate won't kick her out. In between her binges she puzzles over missing segments of her life that she fidgets with until convinced she has the missing part to the murder of the neighbor wife. If you like a snoop into  the lives of unstable, violent, and bizarre behavior this is your novel. The talent of the author that intrigued me was withholding information and weaving snippets of supposed truth throughout. At least it made me read to the end. This is a read with no literary merit. And personally, I would rather not have had these people enter my life. I found it disturbing and unsettling.
I'm really split in this book. There's a whole lot to love about it, from the pacing to the characterization to the slow reveals. I read it in less than two days because I couldn't put it down and wanted to know what happened next. However, the book also leans heavily on temporary amnesia and coincidence. Given that I've read a lot of crime fiction, I've kind of gotten over that because it can be pretty prevalent, especially in older crime fiction. What really got me--and why I'm so split on it--is that the big reveal at the end relies solely on information that is purposely vague. I bought this up to a writer friend who really enjoyed the book, and he understood why I was annoyed but also pointed out that, as writers, we're hypercritical of everything we read because we see the underlying structure. And I do agree with that, but I also, as a reader, felt cheated by the deliberate misdirect.So, that aside, this is a really, really good read, but I couldn't reconcile that point.(And that said, she is selling millions of copies and I'm not, so maybe my opinion is invalid.)
This book seems to be focused on a specific audience: millennials.  The lead character, Rachel, is a self-loathing alcoholic totally lacking in self control or self esteem.  Her impulsive, alcohol induced behaviors become quite tedious.  There are no other characters in the book with any real redeeming qualities, except maybe Rachel's room mate, but her character is not integral to the story and so is never really developed.  All of the principle characters are seriously flawed. Consequently, the story takes on a depressing quality.  While the author attempts to develop plot lines that might lead you to assume that a number of the characters could be the murderer, its possible to determine the likely murderer by a little over halfway through the book.  Then its just a matter of reading on to see how Rachel manages to unmask that person from the bottom of her wine bottle.  The book is an easy read and yes, it qualifies as a page-turner, if for no other reason than to see what irrational action Rachel takes next.  I was most happy when I finished this book.  Expected more from a #1 best seller.
I'm willing to venture that the majority of Goodread members are female. That would explain to me why ""The Girl on the Train"" was voted best thriller for 2015.  It was good but not that good. It was written entirely through the voices of three females who all suffered from insecurities, low self esteem, poor interpersonal skills and unstable relationships with the males in their lives. The author uses, to me, the confusing and annoying narrative technique of switching from one voice to another changing the time frame with each. You would be located in August of 2013 when one character, Megan, is already murdered, then switched to Megan alive several months earlier. It was a little tedious keeping track of the context for each of the women's development of the plot. The story does end with a stand up and cheer resolution but even there, Rachel, who spent the entire novel as a cowering alcoholic  female, becomes Ronda Rousey in her thrashing of the main misanthrope of Paula Hawkin's novel. The book was good enough to keep me reading but not good enough to be the best of anything.
Flawed people limping through life. Addiction, deceit. Lives collide and readers have a window seat on the journey through their conflict.
I did not once feel sorry for Rachel. I could not connect with any of the characters. I enjoyed it until the ending. The ENDING!!! Not believable at all.
Warning: This is not a happy book. It takes place in a suburb of London and is full of broken people living broken lives. However, how these broken people are revealed and how they all relate to a murder is what makes the book interesting. The mystery is told from three different women’s points of view, each telling their story in the first person. It can get little confusing, especially when they jumble time periods, but you slowly learn the whole story by listening to each one. I was intrigued in the first third, bored somewhat by Rachel’s interminable alcohol black-outs in the middle, but then was gripped through the final third as the full truth began to be revealed. It has almost no action (until the end) and is mostly a lot of sad people talking about their sad lives, but the way the author broke up this murder mystery made it interesting. Kind of how I feel about the romance in the movie “500 Days of Summer” where the story is pretty simple but the reveal is the fascinating part. So I enjoyed it, but don’t read it if you need a lift of your spirits! 3-1/2 stars out of 5.
The storyline does a reasonable job of exploring the personalities of the characters, particularly the images in the imagination of ""The Girl On The Train"" in and of herself as she sees images from something of a distance, and frames illusions about what they mean. From my perspective this presents a tale of a person who really doesn't seem to know herself very well, replaces ""knowledge"" with suppositions, as well as other characters in the play, and as events unfold they grope through and eventually learn more about their foundations of themselves and among each other.Yes, there is some mystery that unfolds in a very slow way, and my guess is that we as readers actually know some people that have issues as told in the story that the characters will remind us of knowing. It is possible that some readers will ""see"" themselves in the tale. For those, that I'd guess would be in the minority, the work might trigger some inspiration although in and of itself I would not call this work inspirational nor would it qualify as dynamic: revealing; yes.
A few things about this book which made it a middling read were stereotypical characters, confusion in the first person singular writing, and a somewhat predictable ending.It's hard to imagine writing a book with a simpler format. Each section has the name of the narrator and the date of the event(s). You know the teller of the story, but the tense goes back and forth between present and past in a way that is distracting.The main characters are women who are flawed and helpless, men who are flawed and vicious. While all show different emotions at times, they would be uninteresting apart from the plot. In a good story there is someone you want to know, even they aren't particularly likable. Not so here. If not twisted together like an oddly shaped pretzel, who would care about any of them?It gets 3 stars because it isn't awful, I needed something to read, and it's my first kindle book on my iPad app, which is a very good free app. Also, I did download a free sample, so if I didn't find the book riveting I didn't have to buy it. Mea culpa.
Whilst I enjoyed this book, I found the different time frames relating to the characters a bit difficult to follow at times. Still worth a read though.
OK for a reader who doesn't mind knowing how it will end early on. Good for an in-between-books read. Fast and easy to read in the middle of the night.
I heard this book being hyped as the next Gone Girl, but it definitely isn't.  It's a good book, don't get me wrong, but I just felt like the story was sloppy... Maybe because Rachel was so sloppy with her drinking and her behavior (and in turn her narration) but it's hard to get behind a character that is so non like-able.  Maybe if there had been more telling about her relationship with Tom in the beginning, so you are able to develop some sympathy for her before you meet her as a black out drunk.  I don't know.*SPOILERS*All that aside, I did spend the whole book trying to formulate who I thought was the culprit, and at one point I was thinking that it could have been Rachel that killed Megan so obviously the plot was well written and spun together.  I had suspicions early on about what was going on with Megan and I was right about those assumptions, but did not expect the end with Anna.So overall, a good read that kept my interest... the comparisons to Gone Girl though really set it up to disappoint some readers I think though.
This books is pretty good-- not amazing. Many others have already given a synopsis, so here are my pros/cons:Pros:-The book is a quick read and is entertaining.- I liked the overall story quite a bit (the writing style was lacking)- I hate when I solve the mystery too early. This one had me guessing for quite some time, and the ending was believable-- accomplishing both of those tasks is rare.Cons:- The writing style. The story is told in first person from 3 different characters, but the style never changed from character to character. They felt one-dimensional and the change in perspective seemed more like a device to tell the story than anything else.- I didn't like any of the characters. This doesn't bother some people, but I like having someone to root for.- While the ending was believable, it felt rushed. Once you figure out what happened, you get about 10-15 pages of resolution.I'd recommend this book as a fun, (relatively) cheap read. Not a must-read by any means, but I enjoyed the book.
Story line dragged on after a while. She's a drunk and needs to get over it and move on. The culprit could also be guessed before the end of the book.
Well written...but I would get the characters confused at times as the women all had the same attributes.  But, it was a fun read and I did enjoy it!
A friend recommended the book, and I was flying to the midwest, so I ordered it and it did race along, grab me by the neck from almost the beginning. The protagonist is a pathetic woman, who inadvertently stumbles into a drama involving a woman who disappears, the woman she has been seeing on her train ride into London, the woman she's invented a life for. We also get inside the head of the woman who disappears as well as the new wife of the protagonist's ex-husband, who lives in the same neighborhood along the train route.We jump from one viewpoint to another and that keeps things moving fast. I wanted to figure out what was really happening. In the end, however, the three women were not only unappealing, but not different enough from each other. I would have liked it more if I cared more for any one of them, but they all seemed shallow and self-absorbed and weak.— John Byrne Barry, author of Bones in the Wash: Politics is Tough. Family is Tougher. Bones in the Wash: Politics is Tough. Family is Tougher.
I have mixed feelings about this novel. Like Gone Girl, it is a dark, surprising tale, and like Gone Girl, this novel features unreliable narration. Beyond that, I'm not so sure why there are so many comparisons between the two novels. I enjoyed the multiple points of view, and I appreciated that the characters were drawn with such unapologetic realism and complexity. That being said, there wasn't one likeable character in the entire novel, and while reading it, I desperately wished for just one positive nuance in any one of the characters. I also found that because this book was told out of chronological order, the various dates became difficult to keep up with. I was utterly delighted by the ending. I never once guessed what was actually going to happen, and in a novel of this level of dark suspense, that is a tremendous achievement. If you enjoy unreliable narration or a good, dark psychological thriller like Gone Girl or Mudvein, then I definitely think this book is worth the read. I will be very interested to see what Ms. Hawkins writes next.
This book definitely holds your interest from the beginning.  Lots of twists  if there had been a way to do half stars, I would give it 3 1/2 stars.
This story sucked me in and under.  I moped around the house depressed and I'm happy to be finished.Not sure why the big fuss about this book.
Wasn't my favorite. I read it after ""The Husbands Secret"" as it was one of the recommended based on the books.  The first few chapters were a bit of a hard read to get through.  I had to keep switching back and fourth between the chapter I was reading to the chapter prior to it to remember the names and characters mentioned already.  I was pretty annoyed with the main character and everything about her.  From the first chapter she was introduced I was like ""ugh"".  She reminded me of a Jenji Kohan character, someone who just does stupid stuff all the time but yet remains in the lead. Just wasn't all the ""hype"" I was expecting.  The best part of the book when I was actually enjoying it was the last 2 chapters.  Prior to the last chapters I was just struggling to get through it and forcing myself to finish it only because I paid for it.  I hate starting books and not finishing them.  I'll finish the worst book even if it takes me 10 months off and on because I don't like leaving books unfinished.  Simply ok. Nothing amazing.
There is a difference between pop fiction and literature. Crime, mysteries, and psychological thrillers are mostly in the pop fiction category. Many people just want a light, quick read, in other words, they read for entertainment. That's fine, but I expect those books to deliver. I'm flummoxed then, as to why this book has caused such a stir. It begins well enough. A ""girl"" on a train observes what she thinks is an happy couple as she passes by on her way to London. She is a 34 year old alcoholic named Rachel. She's hardly a girl, but I admit the current title is more provocative than, ""The Woman on the Train."" It gets more and more absurd as it goes along, and the end is unremarkable, as it's easy to figure out the culprit. Rachel makes the most ridiculous decisions, inserting herself into a case without justification. It's like a balloon that starts losing air and finally droops. On the positive side, Rachel's narration about her feelings about her drinking is realistic. Her actions are often ridiculous. But it is a fast read.
This a basically a novel about three women whining about how miserable their lives are.  Who needs this?  Perhaps women whose lives are miserable?
If you liked the pace of Gone Girl, you will also enjoy this thriller. Sometimes it was challenging to follow the point of views, but a good read.
I read the book through and therefore will give it two 1/2 stars.Other than that, with all the publicity hype, I was surprised and disappointed at the quality of the writing, the interminable diary-like entries with the same literary voice, and the tiresome first person present throughout.That the characters are not admirable or don’t experience any semblance of personal growth by the end of the story is not necessarily a criticism. Although I do think some kind of moral reflection makes for a stronger and more memorable protagonist. It’s okay to have the dregs of humanity populate your story, but in this one, they move through it like a bunch of snakes in a pit – not thinking beyond their most primal impulses.I give the writer credit for keeping me reading, having created a certain amount of tension and suspense.  But then I take it back for letting me down in the end.  I wanted to care about Rachel, Anna and Megan but in the end all I wanted to do was be rid of them and their tedious soliloquies.
When I bought and read this book I didn't realise it was the sensation of the year. It was better that way because I did not expect much and was not dissappointed. The idea of writing about a girl travelling daily on a train and imagining the lives of those she sees from the window is good. I did't know at the time it was autobiographical, as well as the heroine's struggle against alcoholism. Those are the best parts of the book, and the introspective parts are by far the best part of the book. The suspense/mystery part is not as good. I already suspected the end half way through the book and keep reading just for confirmation. I can't say it's a bad book, but I don't understand its cult status. Some people compare it to Lost Girl, and although the plot has nothing to do with it, I understand the comparison. There is something dark and aimless about both of them, and the anti-heroes portrayed as the main characters in both books are similar. So if you really, really liked gone girl, chances are that you will like this very much.
Boring.  Monotonous sentence structure.  Pathos to redemption is 100:1.  There is no love in any of the characters.  No one I would want to know.
I saw this book in the book store, read the high rated reviews, and I couldn’t wait to start reading.  The beginning of the book was interesting enough to keep me reading, but less than half way through, the storyline turn monotonous. Stories such as this, have been written so many times - nothing new.  Also, the main character, Rachel, was just pathetic, senseless, and soon became unlikeable. And as far as the other characters in the book, they weren’t interesting, or endearing enough, to provide a “boost” to the story.I finished the book, but struggled thought it by skipping pages and reading ahead – which robbed me of the enjoyment of leisurely reading.I found the book to be aggravating, boring and highly predictable - which made it a disappointing read and a waste of my money.I gave it a three star rating, because others did seem to like it. So if you like to read a storyline that has been written numerous times, and one that is predicable, you might enjoy this book.  So three stars - It's OK.
This book was very hard to put down.  It's a fast, easy read that easily sucks you in.  The characters are ones you just have to find out what happens to them.  Train wreck might more accurately describe the main character.I also had a hard time not comparing this book to Gone Girl.  I felt like the story lines were a bit similar.You know how when somebody recommends a book or movie and they brag so much about the storyline and how much you are going to love it, that it just doesn't live up to the expectations you've held it to?  That's how I felt a little after reading this book.  Too much hype and it didn't live up. Everybody raved at how shocking the ending was and how it pulled all aspects of the story line together.  The ending was a surprise, I will give it that.  But all in all, I felt like perhaps the book came with a little too much hype for me.  It was a good book; don't get me wrong.  I might have given it a four or even five star ranking if it hadn't come so highly talked about.
Considering all the hype, predictable. Ex wife ""gas lighted"" by her ex husband. The telling of the story by the ex wife was somewhat different.
A good book to read when you're sick, distracted, bored, or on a commuter train yourself. Page turner? Yes. Character development? Not so much.
I'm bedridden after surgery so just finished reading Girl on the Train to pass the time.What I liked: the plot. I found it an unusual writing style to tackle the story from a commuter's perspective.What I didn't like: not one single character. For me, I don't have to fall in love with a character (I certainly didn't with Gone Girl and I loved that book). But Rachel, the main character was thin, underdeveloped, shallow, weak, self-pitying and a drunk. The book is told by three characters, Rachel being the main one. Anna is married to Rachel's ex-husband, whom Rachel still pines for. Anna is vapid, self-centered and flat out annoying. Megan (who is first known as Jess in Rachel's fairy-tail version of people she views from the train window) is mentally unstable with a sordid past.I figured out the ending about two thirds through. This was disappointing because I like to be utterly shocked by a book's ending. It's not the worst book I've read, but certainly not the best. It'll do.
This book was ok. The blackouts of the main character seem a stretch, especially toward the end of the book. While I like the premise of the story unfolding through different character voices, the development of each character is shallow. You know each of the characters has demeaning, undesirable qualities, but they are just blah and predictable. The only nice character, Cathy, comes across as a doormat.As the book progresses, it becomes very predictable, which is disappointing. Without divulging too much information about specific characters, I felt at loose ends wondering what happened with some of the remaining characters. The ending was somewhat abrupt, almost as if the author had reached her quoto of pages and decided to call it quits before tying up the loose ends.I did see some style, plot, and character similarities  between this author and Gillian Flynn, however, Flynn's writing is more developed. I wouldnt say the book was a total wash, but I fail to understand the rave reviews.
This is a suspenseful murder mystery with some good plot twists.  But it seems very retro in terms of the characters and situations. If it didn't include cell phones and computers, I'd think it was set in the early 1960s, when feminism was utterly unknown to most people.  The four main female characters: Rachel, Megan, Anna, and Cathy are ""girls"" in their thirties whose only measure of life success is whether or not they have a man -- and once they have him, a baby.  The loss of a father or brother means one will drift around in shock waiting for another man to come to the rescue.  These ""girls' are completely vulnerable because men are so big and scary and their approval is absolutely necessary.  Too bad they are all pompous, selfish asses whose only interest in women is to bang as many little, thin girlish blondes as they can.  But that's life -- at least in this novel.  All one can do is try to beat out some other ""girl"" by taking away her man.  UGH!  Is this really what we've come to?
Just ok. Makes me remember why I stick to non-fiction. Predictable unfolding and ending as if author already searching for a Hollywood script.
I wanted a page turner for an overseas flight, and this book fits the bill. It's fast paced and reasonably surprising but i wasn't blown away.
Ms Hawkins has a problem here, but one that the publishers are happy to exploit - Gone Girl.There were always going to be comparisons, but the marketing opportunity was enormous, and it was taken advantage of. In fact, one has to wonder, ""What was the original title of the manuscript?""Standing on its own feet, it's not a bad read. Not the page turner various reviews had me expecting, it plodded along in sections, and wasn't helped by the stilted writing. Trains trundle more than once, sunlight is burnished, knuckles white on wheels... we've all read it more than once.  Given the structure, more adept character development was called for, along with stronger, more distinct voices. It was difficult to invest too much in the main character, and the men came across more as projections than flesh and blood.Having said all that, it would make for a decent read on the train to and from work.Probably safer than looking out the window, in Ms Hawkins' world.
The good:This book was fun and kept me interested throughout. It's a short, easy read and enjoyable if you don't think about it too hard. I've read way worse.The bad:1. The comparisons to ""Gone Girl"" are very accurate. I'd call it Gone Girl Light.2. As many have mentioned, there are no likable characters. The main character in particular is just annoying. She's an unattractive, alcoholic stalker who makes terrible decisions.Some may say characters don't have to be likable to make a good story. Like Hannibal Lector for example. True, but they have to be interesting and/or somewhat sympathetic. Rachel Watson is not. I just wanted her to go away.3. The big mystery/whodunit can easily be figured out halfway through by anyone who's ever read a book. Who do you not expect? Yep, that's the answer.Overall, it was good enough but not something I'd go out of my way to recommend. I'm not sure why it's a best seller to be honest.
I liked the set up a lot. The middle portion kept my interest and I was expecting a twist and then a final twist. Was underwhelmed by the end
A sad joke concerning those who are substance abusers asks ""How can you tell an addict is lying?"" Answer: ""His/her lips are moving."" Really not funny, but it supports a basic tenet of this book: every character is a liar. Most of the story is told from the point of view of a severe alcoholic, who looks into the homes of people whose houses are near the railroad tracks of the train she is on. She invents stories about their lives in between her drunken stupors. One day a murder occurs involving one of the people she watches; she decides to try to solve the murder on her own after lying to the police, making up her own story of what she believes happens. No spoiler alert here about what happens and who's involved. Suffice to say, the title of the book is a bit misleading: when I saw ""girl"", I thought the book would feature a young girl and her adventures on a train as it crosses the English countryside. Reading about a whino whose husband dumped her is not my cup of tea.
I read reviews about how good a book this was; otherwise, I would never have bought it.  The reviews, however, are hyped, overstated in terms of the ""suspense"" and ""leaving you guessing at every moment.""  That is why I gave this book 4 stars, along with the complexity of the novel.  I read the entire thing in two sittings over 8 hours last Friday, but I had to keep reading to keep all the stuff straight--who was doing what, etc.  I almost had to draw a picture to keep track of what was going on.  The book is told from the perspectives of three women:  Rachel, Megan, and Anna.  So you always had to keep in mind what perspective you were reading.  Then whoever was telling the story, was dated and timed, like August  5, 2013, early morning, mid morning, evening, etc.  And then the next section might be July 5, 2013, so you had to think, ""Oh, yeah, this is one month before the last section, but now it is from a different woman's perspective.""  See how confusing this gets?
It was well written and I  could picture everything...but was depressing for me to read about people in such sad and drastic circumstances.
3.5 stars kept you interested but once again a book where I disliked all the characters. Not sure why all books have such awful characters
A soap opera with a thoroughly unlikable set of characters.  Remember the old 70's movie titled 'Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice'?  Well, this book could just have well have been titled 'Tom and Rachel and Scott and Megan and Kamal and Anna'.I assume females like this book because the central character - Rachel - is riddled with fears and doubts and her life has fallen apart and she's struggling to put the pieces back together.  From my (male) POV, however, boy, is she one whiny, needy, insecure, bitch.The central story of a girl on a train who sees something ""wrong"" on the terrace of a passing suburban home is actually a pretty good hook.  And the author does a good job of keeping the reader guessing about what is ""wrong"" until the very end.  There are a decent number of twists and turns that drive the central plot forward.But, boy, the people in the story are a mess and that detracts from the enjoyment of the story.
No spoilers. Interesting read, goes pretty quickly. I'm surprised at the number of people that recommended this book. Not my cup of tea.
What’s with all of these novels lately featuring messed-up main characters? I know there actually are people like this in real life, but I read to escape from real life, not to wallow in it.Anyway, this book is being touted as the new “Gone Girl.” It’s similar to that book in that it includes unreliable narrators.  However, “Girl On The Train” is much better written, in my opinion. Unlike most murder mysteries, where I usually know who the culprit is pretty early on in the story, this novel kept me guessing to the end. That’s probably because it gives us not one, but three unreliable (and unsympathetic) female narrators: an alcoholic, an unfaithful wife, and a second wife who used to be The Other Woman.It’s a gripping psychological study into disturbed personalities and a good murder mystery, but ultimately depressing. So it’s one of those books that’s worth reading once but that I’ll probably never read again – just like “Gone Girl.”
Zip through it or it drags. Kind of predictable. I was casting it as a movie while still reading which usually means I'm getting bored.
It did maintain my interest. However, I found the main characters to be pretty despicable. it is hard to say that it was worth reading.
A psychotic love quadrangle, this novel has potential as well as drawbacks. The lure of the novel is the setting, which Hawkins develops very well. The train is an integral part of the mystery, just as the apartment complex was used skillfully in Hitchcock's ""Rear Window."" However, the reader may struggle with identifying with any of the main characters, as all of them seem to suffer various forms of extreme behaviors nestled creepily within suburbia. The chronology of the storytelling is also unusual, to the point where the first half of the book has the reader struggling to adjust to it and the second half trying to overcome it for the sake of closure. A better use of a chronology ploy can be found in the novel ""All the Birds, Singing"" by Evie Wyld, which has elements similar to this novel but the pacing feels more artful and the plot twists more sublime. In conclusion, read this book if you seek an afternoon's diversion into the unusual.
This is the first time, in a very long time, I picked up a mystery book. I’ve had this book on hold at the library and it finally was available so I decided to read it last weekend. I read a part of it at the beach (which was probably a bad idea because it definitely wasn’t a good beach read). Overall, the plot was kind of drawn out for me. I was just kind of “okay” with everything. Nothing about it was super thrilling or exciting. I didn’t find myself getting drawn into the plot or the characters — it just didn’t interest me as much as I wished.Overall, I thought it was an okay read, but I’m glad I borrowed it from the library because I don’t plan on purchasing it. It is kind of an expensive buy as well. Therefore, I would only recommend you to get this book if you are really drawn by the plot. If you wanted to give it a try, I would suggest just borrowing a copy from your library!Full review posted on http://myriadinklings.wordpress.com
First, a disclaimer.  This isn't the kind of story I usually read, so I don't have much in the genre to compare it to.  That said, I found the story good but not great.  The plot was good but the outcome, if not totally predictable, didn't come as much of a surprise.  I will say that my opinion as to who ""did the deed"" changed quite a few times before I reached the climaxing chapter, so I count that as a plus.  But I found the characters to be monotonous.  That is, I found myself referring to the chapter headings to figure out who was narrating - the characters didn't have unique ""voices"". The three women all sounded the same and were only differentiated by their separate viewpoints.  And the men didn't seem to have much personality at all - at least not enough to be able to easily tell which one was narrating.However, I did enjoy the novel, and wouldn't hesitate to read another by Ms Hawkins if/when the opportunity presents itself.
I found this to be a solid, enjoyable thriller. The story is told in the first person by the three female protagonists. One of the threads is deferred significantly in time. This structure works quite well to produce the suspense on which the success of this type of narrative depends. It perhaps falters a little however in its depiction of the male characters. We see then through the women’s eyes but really don’t get enough food for thought about them to enable us to make an educated guess about their role in the novel’s key event. It terms of style, it has its moments, not least the following keen observation about the British urban landscape:“a 1960s new town, spreading like a tumour over the heart of Buckinghamshire. No better or worse then a dozen other towns like it, a centre filled with cafes and mobile-phone shops and branches of JD Sports, surrounded by a band of suburbia and beyond the realm of the multiplex cinema and out-of-town Tesco”
The three main female characters were all equally too neurotic. No depth to the characters to distinguish one woman from another. One drank (too much for her to do the actions described in the book) - one haunted by a tragedy but was more interested in controlling men through sex and the other just wanted a house away from the trains. Really? The men - both violent. These typical stereotypes of women and men bring the book down. And the red haired guy on the train- no development on him. He shows up - tells a version of the events and moves on. I would have like to learn more about the two detectives that did the investigation. They needed some personality/personal history not just facial expressions.The story line is very good. I finished the book because I wanted to see how it turned out. But reading the dialogue of those whiny women - was annoying and made the book less interesting. I did learn a few new British terms - thanks for that.
finally gave in & bought this book because of the reviews & popularity. It certainly is a page turner but I felt uncomfortable & uneasy thru the whole book. I wanted to shout at Rachel aren't the words ""no"" or ""appropriate"" in your vocabulary? Anna was truly evil & Megan was somewhat of a loose cannon. The men were awful, how could 2 such alike persons live doors away from each other & be involved with the same 3 woman. The set up of the book, days divided into morning & evening was alright but in some cases the story went back in time & had me very confused.  I'm not sorry I read this book, it just left me with some morbid feelings. Not scared, just creepy-like every noise in the house made me jump. Would i recommend this book to anyone? If you enjoy reading & experiencing different scenarios go for it. But read it real fast, very easy to do, & have another book to delve into right away so those creepy feelings don't stay with you.
Hard to get by the ""girl's"" whining.  The story is ok but if she were a bit more of a real heroine it would have been better.
Definitely no Gone Girl!  Mildly intriguing.  Uninteresting characters.  With all the publicity was expecting much more. Predictable.
Rachel takes the train to and from work everyday. Almost everyday the train stops in front of the old neighbourhood and house she used to live in with her ex-husband. She becomes fixated on a couple who live a few doors down from her old house and daydreams about their lives. Then one day the girl in her fantasy goes missing and Rachel is determined to find out why.The book is slow paced and this makes it a very frustrating read. You keep hoping something exciting will happen so the pace can pick up but it never does. This is very disappointing because the book is not badly written and because the premise is unique.More interesting than the ""whodunit"" aspect of the book is the characterization. Hawkins' characters are incredibly real and human. She does a good job of exploring how everyone is capable of treachery and committing acts of violence and how just beneath the supposed normalcy of surburban life lies evil.
It was enjoyable but not anything to rave about. When I started reading it I was really into it and thought it was going to be a great book, but then I figured out what was coming pretty early on and it kind of petered out for me. Things started to fall apart after one of the characters turns up dead. The characters were a bit flat and I wasn't sure what was really motivating them. I also felt like the reveal of the villain was done in a sort of clunky way— I mean what villain confesses all the details to their victims in a neat little monologue? It's a fun, quick read though, and if you don't play out the possibilities in your head while reading a mystery like I do, you might actually be surprised by the twists. I felt like this book was clearly trying to capitalize on the success of Gone Girl, and was not as interesting of a story. Gone Girl had me on the edge of my seat and I was really surprised by the twists, while this book lagged in parts.
I kept reading it, so it had some kind of compelling narrative pull. I liked the unusual, voyeuristic setup of the observer on the train and the tight, five-person set of relationships. The author had some insight into character, in particular, into the character of the main narrator, Rachel. But, in the end, the view of the characters and of the world felt very simplistic. I agree with others who didn't see a big difference between the voices of the three women characters and the reviewer who summarized the novel's point of view as, ""Women, weak; men, abusive."" Very reductive. In addition, the plot hinges too much on blackouts and then Rachel, for no clear reason, suddenly remembers what happened in her most critical blackout.Some reviewers who didn't rate this novel highly compared it to Gone Girl, which they also didn't like. I did enjoy Gone Girl. This effort, while reasonably entertaining, is much less accomplished, imo.
The Girl on the Train is not exactly a thrill a minute story, but it does manage to keep the suspense factor high once it gets going.  At some point everything you think you know will be tested however briefly.  I enjoyed Paula Hawkins' writing for the most part, but I didn't instantly connect with any of the three narrators.  Each, too, sounded similar in the reading.  If each section wasn't labeled, I'm not sure I could separate the three by narration style alone.  Still, they're all flawed in their own way which gives them depth and makes them more interesting.  I would have liked the male characters to be a bit more differentiated as well because the main players there even seem pretty similar in some respects which may be what keeps one questioning the slightest bit until it's obvious who did what and when.  A decent suspense story that qualifies as gripping but may have been better served by more differentiation in narrative style.
I found the main character, Rachel, so pathetic at first that I wasn't sure if I would be able to finish this book.  Since it was was selected by our book club, I pushed myself to keep reading.  It did get better but was pretty predictable. The story is about a women who watches a couple from the morning train while she commutes into London.  She watches them out on their back patio and has made up fictional names and fictional lives for them.  One day she sees something that doesn't look right to her and this puts her in a tailspin.  Her ex-husband happens to live a few doors down from this couple with his new wife that he left Rachel for in her old house.  This complicates things because she cannot let go of the fact that she is still in love with her ex so she ends up stalking him which puts her in a position to stalk the other couple as well.  There are lots of twists to the story but I saw a lot of them coming before they happened.
I'd heard so much upbeat comments about Girl On The Train, that I had to try it.  I'd ridden on trains in England 12 years ago and enjoyed it immensely watching the countryside and seeing the backs of little houses and their yards. I can see the pull of this context of a disturbed and very hurt girl losing herself in the same views from the train day by day.  In some ways it was a very intriguing story, but for me there has to be at least one character I want to pull for....cheer on...see him or her through to the end.  In this book there were no such characters that I latched onto and committed to and worried about. Every character in this story was someone to worry about...and many had very dark undercurrents pulling and pushing them to sordid doings.  So, yes, I did finish it and gladly put it down.  It was not uplifting, but if you like dark, sad, depressing mysteries then this is your cup of tea. Everyone to his own taste. See Gee
Chose this book based on reviews here on Amazon, and its similarity to ""Gone Girl"" - with a lead female character, Rachel, who is in a bit of a state, but is it real or imagined?  Rachel longs for her past, idyllic life with her husband Tom.  But he has dumped her and remarried, and everyday Rachel, gets to see glimpses of his new life, from the seat of her train.  Her preoccupation with this and the neighbours, starts of a chain of events that unravels her life and that of others.Yes, there is the psychological twists that we saw in Gone Girl and if you enjoyed that style of reading, then this book may appeal.  Very similar in many ways, though I found the character, Rachel, not very likeable so I couldn't always sympathise with her plight as she had brought so much upon herself and makes so many poor decisions, it was on the verge of irritating me.I would like to give 3.5 stars....good, but not great.
I was in the minority among my friends who have read this book. I didn't love it. The characters seemed flat to me and I thought the ending was far fetched and unrealistic.I did love reading about the train rides and all that the main character observed. It was a great story idea and the first quarter of the book really sucked me in. I also enjoyed some of the insights the author slipped into the book. For example she told us a theory about heavy drinkers. I learned that it may be alcoholics who don't remember what happened the night before didn't actually forget what happened, rather they were so inebriated they were unable to for the memory in the first place. That interesting little tid-bit really stuck with me.I would recommend this book to thriller fans. Otherwise, I would say, it wasn't for me, but you may like it since so many other people did.written by Holly Kammier, author of Kingston Court
I liked the ending of the book.  Good suspense.  Good character development .  Great character insight and psychology.  Fair read.
This is a nice easy to read book that does not require much thinking. Drags a bit in the middle but finishes off nicely in the end
Told to me that this was the next ""Gone Girl"" complex story made more complex wwith character development, flashbacks etc.
I would like to disagree with 45% of the reviewers: this is not a 5-star read. A fairly exciting story does not make a book excellent and 5/5. This is not literature and it's not a mystery-suspense masterpiece. It's a fast-moving psychological whodunit combined with a soap opera cast of characters (alcoholic ex-wife, cheating spouses left and right, tabloid stories). The writing style is quite casual and slightly too vulgar for me to consider it really a work of art. The character development feels forced, repeated, yet still superficial (we get it, Rachel is a depressed alcoholic - what else can we know about her?). What kept me reading to the end was simply the plot, which was cleverly constructed although I wonder if I couldn't sit down and come up with a similar one given a little time. I wouldn't read this book again and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless they're headed to the beach and want an exciting, easy read.
This is a book i can see becoming a made for TV movie one of these days starring Tori Spelling.  It reads just like a movie, building suspense the entire book until you finally found out who the killer was at the very end, with a nice unexpected twist.  You spend the entire book thinking that every character could've done it.  The book is a pretty fast read once you get into it, which is nice, if you are looking for that.  What bothered me was the main character, i did not find her likable and most of the time pretty downright annoying.  I wanted to shout at her ""get your s**t together!!"".Overall it's an entertaining book, my book club gave it mixed reviews, so i wouldn't necessarily tell anyone not to read it, i'm just not going to rave about it.  If you like a good ""who done it?"" type book that is a fast read, then this one could be for you.  I love a good murder mystery, but i need a little more.
I can't decide if I like this book or not!  It seemed to go on forever, back and forth between Rachel and Meghan and Anna....  At some point, I wondered if there was a point.,,,  I got frustrated with Rachel's stupidity so I guess that means the author was doing her job well.  I have to say though, about two thirds through the book, I couldn't put it down.  I needed to know what the heck was going on,  Once I figured it out, it was all about how it was going to turn out.  All and all this isn't the worse book I've read and certainly not the best...  Not really sure what all the hype was about, and not sure if I would recommend it to a friend,  I have to say though, I read it because acquaintances loved it and read it in one sitting.  So maybe I was just expecting too much.  Every reader loves different types of stories, thank goodness, that's what makes the world go round....  Give it a shot, you may love it:-)
Though the book has dominated the NYT bestseller list for months, I was not impressed.  From an English mystery, I expected more color, an eccentric sleuth with more expertise, a distinctive setting, a little charm, perhaps a dash of humor;  instead, Train offers an alcoholic slouch with a dreary commute to nowhere.  The biggest mystery in the book is the heroine's blackouts.  The murder is so banal, without passion and inept that it is literally a crime committed without a trace of motive or evidence.  The heroine, generally in a drunken stupor, has some encounters of interest but mostly stumbles around totally clueless and solves the mystery completely by accident.  The accidental solution to the clueless mystery, finally gives readers a taste of redemption and a glimpse of evil.  This is not a case of leaving the best for last; those ingredients could have spiced up the tale and made the ride less tedious.
I don't like to criticize any author who spends hundreds of hours writing something for readers to enjoy.Clearly, Paula Hawkins' perseverance has paid off for her since she's been on the best seller lists for many months, so who am I to go against public opinion--and the NY Times critic?At the risk of sounding ungrateful, I have to complain a bit.Using an ""unreliable narrator"" device can be tricky. There ARE authors who handle it  really well---( A Pleasure and A Calling by Phil Hogan does this beautifully, for example. ) For me, after reaching the end of Girl on a Train, rather than being delighted at being fooled, I was annoyed.  The narrator's ""inner thoughts,"" aren't really honest ones --she holds information back from whom?  Herself? Plus  the plot has so many holes in it that even the most bumbling detective would have figured out just what went on.
This book had me guessing one thing was happening, when it was quite another.  It was a very decent read, but I can't help feel it could have been so much more with the premise and start of the story being as thought out as it was.  The story revolves around a divorcee who binge drinks and her inability to be a 'reliable' witness in a missing persons case. This could have gone many ways, but ended up with all the males in the story being  users of the women they were with in many different incarnations. This was more the crux of the story; rather than being a mystery (which it still was) it was also a statement on the abusive side of relationships. I would go 3 1/2 stars, but you can't do halves.  It's better than average and and entertaining to read, but still have that gnaw in my gut that it could have been plotted into something much more.  I think the author has a good start to her career here though.
Two things led me to pick this book to read. First one is the fact that this book belonged to psychological thriller genre and second is it being the top seller on Amazon for consistent weeks. However, after completing the book, I should say it was an above average read (falls short when compared to Gone Girl). The story as it progresses is quite intriguing and keeps the reader hooked, but as it nears the end, the story becomes a tad predictable. The story is centered around Rachel, the protagonist who is made to believe that she doesn't remember anything after black out, but one day she ends up being a witness to a murder when she is totally drunk. How she decides and interprets the events of that day forms the crux of the story. I definitely liked the way, the story is presented with careful juggling of the events from the past year and the present date. To summarize, I would say it is a good read.
I listened to this as an audio book in the car on a long road trip with two teenage boys. It's a cleverly plotted Hitchcockian thriller. It's fast paced and well-written. So why only three stars? Because there are zero characters in this story that we cared about. Had I been reading this rather than listening to it stuck in a car, I'm pretty sure I would have thrown it down in irritation at the cast of whiny, self-pitying, self-absorbed characters who make bad decision after bad decision. Sure, stories about people who always make the right choice are boring, but this bunch couldn't make one right choice between them, and they knew it! They would even say stuff like ""I know I shouldn't do this"" and then do it anyway.The book does have its uses though: I'll suggest it as recommended reading for D.A.R.E. class. It did a great job of showing my boys how idiotic drinking can make you.
I liked the idea of the book but not the complete execution.  It's difficult for the reader to really like or relate to any of the characters.  Although I did feel like the descriptions of Rachel's battle with alcohol to be sometimes somewhat compelling.  I really did feel her want/need for a drink.The reader is trying to figure out 'who done it?' BUT the author did not really give us enough clues for us to have any idea what she had in mind. I partially understand that is because we are supposed to be seeing through the eyes of the various characters but I felt as if I wanted a little more depth and nuance that would clue us in (ever so slightly) as to what the endgame would be.  When things become apparent, I was surprised but didn't feel enough excitement for the 'AH-HA' moment.  I felt like I was kind of cheated by being completely blinded from all of what was really going on.
A short review: I had this on my Kindle and finally decided to read it since it's been on the Best Seller list for quite some time. I finished it, read every word, but ended up thinking I should have read a book that had some redeeming value. It wasn't bad, but so morose. After a while I was tired of hearing about Rachael and her blackouts, alcoholic bouts, and creepy stalking of her ex. At one point I think I actually said ""MOVE ON"". I figured out the perp about 7/8 of the way though but that was fine. It was just the constant slow paced dragging on of Rachael that made me give it less than a great score. No one was what they seemed, everyone seemed to have some horrible backstory. I was disappointed, but I'm not sure what I expected anyway. Yes, I can see some comparisons to Gone Girl, but that had way more twists. Both were really the most un uplifting stories I have read in years.
Was glad to get to the end of the book...the plot was good, but the continuous repeat of alcoholic binges got rather tedious.
So-so. I wished for more, better writing.  Yes I was caught up and confused only to be filled in, but it didn't do it for me.
Good Writing, terrible people and just a modicum of mystery. I must say this flows quickly. The wafer thin characters, including the heroine mar the writing skills. The Hitchcockian reference as has been pointed out by many is totally misleading. Gone Girl, yes. Surprisingly I found this more enjoyable than Ms. Flynn's repetitive obscenities (although people appropriate). The first four letter word comes after a good deal of page turning.So why am I just giving it 3 stars?One, the mystery is thin. There is really no suspense to compel one to turn pages, we do, because of good prose.Two, the characters are heinous, without any redeemable features. Alcoholics can be good fodder for writers as well as psychopaths. But these people are totally depraved beyond every standard of modern family life.Not bad, though for an afternoon on the beach: hope the weather changes soon.
Once you get into it you cant put it down but mostly because you want it to be over. Pretty predictable but fun nonetheless.
Okay, I can understand how this got to be a best seller. Kudos to Paula Hawkins for writing a hell of good debut novel. I expect to see more from her, though I wouldn't say I'm looking forward to it. The mystery unfolds slowly here but the plot's well crafted, not predictable, tedious or boring. While I was starting to figure it out before the author revealed it, the story was still far more suspenseful than most mysteries. Hawkins is also a very good wordsmith. So why only three stars? Frankly, I found the characters, complex and as well developed as they are, to be just plain depressing. Many reviewers describe the main character, and sometimes a few of the others, as ""unreliable."" I found the book to be full of unpleasant people. Not the kind of people I wanted to spend much time with. No fun at all, so because of the grim people, I'm giving it a grim three stars. Sorry...
The darkest inclinations of the female mind, Female psychological crime thriller. Three desperate women with no qualms are entangling and ruining their lifes for the love of a man they see as a trophy, who at the same time does not deserve any of them, the going gets tough and of them is murdered. I found the tale  fast paced, gripping and compelling, the plot was very good but the poor language sed was not that usually you can find in a book  but in a glossy women magazine. The characters are very well developed as every chapter is told from Rachel, Anna or Megan first person voice standpoints. The ending will not disappoint. When reading pay attention to the dates the characters speak or you would get lost. If you love mystery & thriller stories the book is fine but if you love at the same time an elaborated colorful language with carefully chosen words there are better options
I might normally have given four stars, but with so many five-star reviews I want to balance it a little.  It's a pretty good book, it definitely pulls you in a keeps you reading.  But it doesn't really have that extra...something.  If you're a mystery/thriller fan you'll probably like it; I'm not really, I kind of only read particular ones.  I see a lot of comparisons to Gone Girl, and I can see some of that, but it's not quite executed as well - the reader learns things just before they're revealed explicitly (or at least I did), and there's not as much tension built up.Without giving too much away, I can say that if you didn't like the ending of Gone Girl, you'll like this better.  I thought that was one of the best things about that book, and what made it so wonderfully terrible right to the end.  This one has a more conventional ending and it's rather unsatisfying.
Meh. Nothing redeemable or very likable about the characters. Ending a bit strained to fit in the story.  Was a quick read.
If it hadn't been so hyped up, I think I would have enjoyed it more. I wasn't overly impressed, but it kept me entertained.
I couldn't put it down and it was an awesome start. In the end I found myself hoping it wasn't as predictable as it seemed.
The Gillian Flynn comparisons are totally inaccurate.  This book by Paula Hawkins was sold on the Gone Girl novel hype caused by Gillian Flynn.So for Paula Hawkins publishers to link this is Gone Girl is very wrong.  It's slow, boring, too much back and forth in long history with the main character, there's nothing to make you want to read more  about this character, she's not fleshed out or likeable enough to make me continue.  If I can't get into the key protagonist in a book, there's nothing to keep me hooked to continue to read.I'm still ploughing through, I realise the character is a psycho/sociopath, but the narrative is just so blah blah, but I just can't get into it.  I'm too objective.  When, reading, I like to be subjective.... how would I react in this circumstance? etc,  but the main character female is just too vanilla for me to even care.
Not sure what all the fuss is about. It was a good read but not a great read. No one is a good person in this story or who they seem to be on the surface. Except maybe the long suffering roommate. Rachel is in a downward spiral and we are forced to go on the ride. She spots a young couple from her train she takes every day into work. She makes up a life for them, names them and projects her hopes or dashed hopes as it were upon them. Then she finds they are not who she thinks they are. Only they live a few doors down from Rachel's ex and new wife and baby. When the women she has seen from the train goes missing, she can't help but interject herself into the investigation. Rachel thinks she has a clue as to who might have taken her. Only she is a drunk and can't remember what happened that night. Was she there? Takes awhile to find out and when you do, your not too surprised.
By the time I got to the end if the book, I could admire the cleverness of the plot, however, I did not enjoy the journey.
I have to agree with another reviewer in that this is probably more appealing to a female audience. Perhaps because what goes on in the head of a woman is something that I've never truly understood. And all of this story goes on in the heads of three women. It is narrated from three first-person viewpoints in a non time-linear fashion, which I at first found distracting, but then came to accept. Because of the way the story unfolds, this is required by the writer, but it also requires more work on the reader's part to remember where you are in time.I love a good mystery, and I also like thrillers. Although categorized here by Amazon, it can't really be called a thriller in my view. It is a valid mystery, but it relies too heavily on the repeated reference to the main characters alcoholic amnesia. It is a page-turner, but not all page turners are great books.
I decided to read this book because of all the glowing reviews and was actually quite disappointed. I wasn't enthralled, riveted, or sucked in like I expected to be, and some parts of the book were predictable. While there were some good plot twists I didn't really like any of the characters, and  the author didn't really achieve the goal of making my sympathize with any of the main characters. It was an OKAY book, but nothing fantastic like the reviews suggest. It didn't even manage to hold my interest for more than an hour at a time until about half way through. I really only finished the book because I wanted to see what all the fuss was about, I thought maybe it would all of a sudden get really good and it just never did. It does get better towards the end, but nothing incredible--I could definitely put it down. My general thought at the end was ""Meh
2.5 stars. The women in the book--Anna, Megan and Rachel--are not likable. I did not feel drawn in to find out what happened next. The premise was okay in that someone riding a train daily past the same houses might make up some story about the people living there to while away their daily commute. However, the interconnections of implausibly self-absorbed, ill or evil people just did not appeal to me. Nor did the author's technique of switching voices between the women and moving about the timeline of their parts. I am guessing that was to add suspense but it just annoyed me and I found myself caring so little about trying to figure out which month, year and person was talking that I skipped to the end. I was hoping that the ending might change my overall opinion...but I was wrong. Yes, it was dark and suspenseful at times but not something I will recommend.
Story was very good, you didn't know which way it was going, characters true to life, good read, and would recommend it.
Something is missing and I can't put my finger on it? Characters were shallow;  plot was thin.  How did it get to be #1?
I found the first 70 pages quite boring and had a hard time getting into this book, but I began to like it a bit more as it progressed. It may be confusing at first because the story is told from different narrative points of view, three to be exact, and because it is not written in linear or chronological order; it goes from present to past and back again, so the reader has to look at both the date and the name at the beginning of each chapter to ascertain from whose point of view the chapter is being told and when the events occurred. The three main female characters are not very likeable and have unpleasant characteristics throughout the book; however, they become more likeable at the end which is the best part of the entire book. It dragged at times, and I wasn't really engaged in it during most of the book, but once I got into it, I wanted to finish it.
It held my interest, though I disliked the main character because she blamed her drunkenness, loss of job, incessant lying, and openlyslovernly obsessions and whatever else was wrong with her on her inability to have a child and her emotionally abusive husband.  She was never in control of her life.  I will admit, Hawkins made the reader uncomfortable enough to want to pull her by the hair and say...get it together..NOW! Also, the ending was unrealistic...can't see how she could have escaped Thomas.  I guess I am uncomfortable with stories where the men are controlling and abusive and the women just sudsy victims or obsessed nutcases.  Also, that roommate put up with a LOT more than anyone I know would have. It was ok, but not as good as Big Little Lies.  The abused woman had a lot of class and held it together.  The ending of that book was amazing.
I was on a waiting list to read this story . Finally after four months I was able to read it. Was a quick summer read. I liked was surprised that Rachel kept up the act of going to work so long and how much her roommate put up with her. Showed me how toxic relationships just keep going on and what people put up with from others that they care for. I was waiting for Rachel to finally get herself together and let go of her ex. After I realized what an ass he was and how he messed with her mind, I did feel bad for what she went through. I didn't really like Anna, she started the affair with Tom and took over Rachel's home and husband. I thought she was going to stand by Tom as he killed off Rachel. Glad to see her stick up for her in the end. Amazing how all three women could be fooled by the same man. Reminds me of some of the episodes I watch on IDTV.
This sounded good & I had high hopes! It's an ok enough book that it keeps you reading until the end, but it's not a favourite. The main character, Rachel, is so pitiful & self-loathing, it's hard to identify with her. Maybe this is what the author was going for, but I don't think it was done very well. The twist at the end was more disappointing than satisfying. I found the timeline was very difficult to keep track of as it kept bouncing around with each new character chapter - I kept forgetting ""when"" it was & had to go back & check. Overall an ok 1st book to read on my new kindle but not one I'd recommend to someone. Happy I only paid for the kindle edition vs the real book & even then, it's overpriced for what it is. Sorry! Just didn't enjoy it.If you want a good thriller book, try Gone Girl or The Silent Wife - both good reads!
This was a book I had to read twice because it kept going back and forth about the three women involved in the mystery
Meh. It started out as a page turner. But then became predictable, disappointing, and cliche at the end.  Almost as if the writer didn't know where to go with the story to properly end it.  (Potential spoilers follow, so stop here if you plan on reading this book).Would have been a much better story had the ending been truly unpredictable, like Megan was murdered randomly (the red haired man? Who was, in this story, a red herring with no real purpose). Or it could have ended with Rachel dying and Scott getting the blame for both murders. Or Rachel dies and Tom is found justified since she was ""unstable and a stalker"", and Anna does nothing because she is, after all, a narcissistic personality. So many possibilities the author didn't explore.Again, the story is okay....just anticlimactic and somewhat predictable.
I read this due to the hype and even the endorsement of author Stephen King. I was a bit disappointed in the lack of surprise over all. My main ""complaint"", so to speak, is the writing in first person PLUS switching the first person at each chapter. Not a pleasant read and reminded me of the third book in the Divergant series, which was not as grabbing a read as the first two written in 3rd person. The complete placement in England was fine for a British audience but limits the overall universal appeal for this book. The brilliant writing of Lee Childs  (also a King favorite and referenced by King in the Dome 3 times), shows how a British author can throw off the regional cloak and write for all genre of readers. This was an entertaining piece - not a work of a master - but I am glad I read it so I could formulate my own conclusions.
It was a fine book. Had enough plot twists and red herrings to keep you interested and guessing. I was disappointing by the final plot twist as I was able to predict it since the second chapter.Written chapter by chapter in different view points, I was disappointed that the voices from each character had such little variation from one another.The main character was very well done as we are able to see her struggle and give an accurate depiction of the internal processes of alcoholism. However, I felt like some of the main characters were to inconsistent to be taken seriously and be believable.Over all its an acceptable thriller. I'm not sure if it's completely deserving of all the hype it's been receiving, but yeah. If you want to feel like you're up to date and part of a book fad, pick it up. It won't kill you.
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is told from the first person point of view by Rachel, who imagines fantasy lives for people living in homes that she passes on the train. Living a restricted life, her daily train rides disguise that she has been fired from her job. As a heroine, Rachel is not particularly likeable. She has low self-esteem and is frequently so drunk that she has memory lapses, with one such lapse serving as a primary focal point.  Personally, the constant inebriation was overdone. Other characters, particularly the male ones, are similarly unlikeable. And when Rachel injects herself into the lives of those who had been fantasy characters, it's a bit much to accept. No doubt, this novel has become popular because of Ms. Hawkins' skill at slowly unraveling the many layers of this novel's central mystery: What happened to Megan?
I finished it but it was a slog near the end as it just seemed to go on and on.  Come on, author!  Get to the point.
The book was well written but very depressing. It was not the thriller I was looking for. The story was predictable.
The previous reviewers who remarked that the voices of the three narrators/women were wholly interchangeable hit the proverbial nail on the head! That and the fact that there was no real nuance or dimension to any of the characters to begin with are the biggest disappointments about this novel. Maybe the latter is the reason there were no real distinguishing features between any of them other than their circumstances so it is really the same problem. And the characters were not believable or likable. I did, however, from time to time find myself rooting for Rachel despite her propensity for excessive apologizing and her pathetic behavior and life, and I found the story/plot itself was still a relatively engaging whodunit so I gave it three stars overall. Just don't expect it to move you in any way.  Profound this novel is not.
It was a good start and it draws you in. My first thought was that it was a copy of the Gone Girl book- same tempo.  But by the middle of the book the characters are hard to relate to as the author, in pursuit of tension, keeps changing them from good to bad.  Oh, you thought this person was a good guy?  Well you were fooled, and now he's a bad guy.  It's a tactic you can use once but several times?  I got kind of bored with the back and forth and in the end you can't really relate to the characters anymore.  The lead character is kind of pathetic and starts to become tedious.  The ending is kind of ridiculous when the ""bad guy"" acts in a way I thought was not in keeping with the build-up of his character.  It is an ok beach read and some will probably like it but it's not a story you will remember after a few months.
It was an ok book. Kind of nice since I've lived in the UK, but I almost predicted the ending. Easy read and quick.
Very conveluded read jumping time lines characters and circumstances. I almost gave up finishing it but persevered.
I'll start by saying that I couldn't put this book down. That in itself has me tempted to rate it a 4. But there were too many holes, some areas that could have been developed further to increase the mystery and suspense, to lead me astray, as a reader, so that when the truth was revealed I'd have been dumbfounded by it. Instead, my reaction to the truth was just sort of, ""Huh, I guess I should have known. Makes sense."" In contrast, some points were unnecessary. Such as Kamal's apartment being a mess. This serves no purpose and does not move the story along. Also, the story has no need to be presented from Anna's POV for a silly 10 pages or so here and there through the 320 page book.
I'm not sure why this book got such great reviews. It's very dark, and not that interesting. I don't get the hype.
Held my attention but predictable. 3 suspects, one eliminated early on; the second too obvious which left only one
Well, I liked it but wasn't so spellbound I couldn't put it down until I finished it in one day…it took a couple weeks. I found the characters interesting, but they, nor the plot, didn't have the ""punch"" I was hoping for based upon the fact it has been on the top of the New York Times best seller list for a number of weeks. I have read books before where I simply could not sleep until I finished it, this was not one of those. However, I found it engaging enough to read it in entirety, but the end wasn't as thrilling, unpredictable, or exciting as I had anticipated. I felt sorry for the Rachel in many ways, due to her struggle with memory loss, depression, and alcoholism that I felt were very accurately portrayed. The author writes well, and I hope she comes out with something more riveting in the future!
I read this for a book club at work. It's a slow starter, let me just say. The entire set up on the story involves a lot of introspective internal monologue by the main character, drinking on the train and miserable about something, but you don't find out too much for what seemed like the first quarter of the book. It is good at the end and I'm not sorry I read it. The last quarter of story picks up speed, has twists and generally makes up for the slow start.Also, it's not linear. It jumps from the point of view of one female character to the next and then back. It takes a little getting used to, but the characters have a fairly distinct voices, so it gets easier to follow as you go.I chose Dark as the mood for this book, because it is a murder mystery. More along the lines of Gone Girl.
This was a nice, well rounded story with plenty to keep me reading. There wasn't too much going on and it was a pleasure to follow. Having said that, I didn't get what all of the hype is about with this book. It wasn't that powerful. The story itself was a great concept and told in 1st, 2nd and 3rd person. Rachel is a strong character and so is Megan and Anna.Rachel though, seems depressed and I think she's a little jealous of her ex's new situation. His new wife, a brand new baby. They moved into Rachel and Tom's old house and then he posts pictures on FB about how happy they are. Sad, but he isn't wrong for doing it. Everyone does it and though he and her didn't work out it isn't his fault that she is jealous or depressed.I had no idea beforehand how the end would come about and certainly don't want to spoil it here but it wasn't as strong in the suspense aspect as other rival novels in its genre and I couldn't wait to be done with it. I think this book tries really hard but it just can't get it done. It's not Gone Girl and it never will be. But It was still worth the read if you like books in this genre, though I expected more of a racy, suspenseful experience.
Well, it is definitely a summer chick book.  The protagonist, big surprise, is a female, whose life is falling apart.  In the spirit of Rear Window (only Jimmie Stewart does it justice) she sees something that's not right and immediately she makes a gazillion unfounded assumptions (like Rear Window and that other flick with Shia Labeouf).  It gets interesting, finally 2/3 into the book, but you can tell that the target audience of this book was not male.  Woman will love the personal relationships sprinkled with the protagonists imagination, and they may even identify with the other female characters in the book, but overall, it was like watching a trainwreck:  I couldn't NOT finish it, but I;'m not sure I wanted to.  Ladies, you'll love it.  Guys, try Secretary Gates' book or An Army at Dawn this summer...
The reader becomes a voyeur into the life of a voyeur. The characters in this book are definitely out of the norm (I hope), each with some serious problems and some extreme behaviors. There is an air of mystery as I was almost reluctantly drawn into the story, wanting to know more about these creepy people and to learn what had actually happened to them, as the story unfolds from different perspectives. It would be impossible to lump any character into a category of either ""good"" or ""bad,"" as (with all humans) each is a complex combination of both. All seem to be in need of a trusted friend,partner and/or counselor. But wait! These needs are being met by those types of people throughout the book - or are they? Is anyone truly worthy of trust? (Note: The sex and violence is not explicit.)
Good opening, entices the reader into the story.  The three person narratives at times became confusing, especially if the reader put down the book and did not read it straight through, since there certain similarities in the character's traits. The author made good use of an ordinary circumstance of daily train riding to bring home a lot of good points.  The train is a metaphor for the lives of the three women in varying stages of decision making; Rachel caught in between life and destruction, Anna craving to move and Meghan who actually does make a move. I found their stories so intertwined for a while I thought they might be one woman with three personalities. I found the ending justified and was glad the author indicated the forward movement of the remaining characters. A good, light summer read.
I am not a fan of this budding genre (let's call it ""The Gone Girl Genre"") - it's just too gruesome.  I hated watching the Scott Peterson case unfold in real life, so not much interest in revisiting that same heinous theme in a book.  But I decided to give this a whirl because of how quickly the book skyrocketed into the #1 slot on Amazon, and all the great reviews.  After reading it I can confirm am still not a fan of the dysfunctional family crime drama and, for the first half of the book, I was definitely NOT a fan of the protagonist, who struck me as weak and insufferable.  However, I will say this:  the writing is quite good, there are enough plot twists to keep this very engaging, and there is even redemption for the main character.  Any other theme and this would be a four star review!
I thought the story could've moved along faster.  Sometimes it was the same story line so then I could skim it.
I am not fond of the writing style of flipping back and forth in time and having different chapters featuring different characters coming and going. I guess if you sit down and read the book in one night you can keep track but I ended up having to make a list of dates and characters since the story goes back and forth from one year to another - along with different characters coming and going.  Confusing to follow. That said, the plot is clever albeit I think confusing to follow. As the characters evolved I found the changes somewhat hard to believe.  For instance Rachel is an alcoholic, depressed, nonfunctional person but at the end she rises to become the heroine. this book was a selection for a book club I am in.  We haven't met to discuss it but I know one member couldn't put the book down.
I expected the reviews for the Audio Book version to address whether listeners felt hearing the story unfold on audio was a good way to follow the plot/action or whether they felt reading the book would be a better experience.  I personally thought that since every chapter began with a date, being able to flip through the pages of a book would be helpful to line up the dates.  I thought the narrator did a good job of differentiating the voices of the different characters.  As to the book itself, it could have used a little editing - it seemed to take too long to get where it was going.  I thought ""Gone Girl"" was better (also listened to the audiobook).  Honestly, I don't know why people enjoy stories of people being murdered.  I feel a bit dirty whenever I read one (which isn't often).
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN  by Paula HawkinsSo, when I started this book I could not understand what all the fuss was about.  I am still ambivalent.  This is a good thriller that keeps you guessing at what is REALLY happening.  It is well written. The characters are interesting and challenging to understand.  The plot keeps one turning the pages. BUT… Is it a great book? No. It reminded me of the movie THE SIXTH SENSE. Once you learn the twist at the end, it becomes an interesting book that never needs to be read again.  A GREAT book can be read several times, each reading adding more to the characters, story, plotting, etc.If you are looking for a quick read that will keep you turning the pages and you can forget immediately after finishing – this is the book for you.3 of 5 stars
It took awhile for me to understand the narration.  Just who was this Megan person anyway?? It was trying to read about an alcoholic who would voice the right things to do yet she would always do that which would damage her.  She really had no life of her own and lived in the past, bothering her ex husband and his wife, acting as if she were commuting work daily to avoid criticism from her landlord/roommate, dreaming about those people she saw in her old neighborhood as she rode the train.It seems the rambling thoughts and actions would go on forever and without purpose.  Finally the fragmented thoughts and storyline started coming together and suspense began to build.  The last half was a good story but I did question myself for many pages as to why I was still reading this book.
I was hopeful with this book but truthfully was not very impressed.  While it had alternating persons telling the story, it jumped around too much at first in my honest opinion.  I knew it would ultimately come together at the end, but I found myself questioning whether the author was trying to be ""sophisticated"" and it was a little unnecessary, because not only did they describe a certain date but also whether it was the morning or evening.  That could've easily been determined if it wasn't broken up into sub-categories but just mentioned in the writing.  I also didn't find too much depth in the characters.  It was clear one of the handful of characters was the guilty party and it wasn't difficult to figure out by process of elimination.  It was a little disappointing. Just my 2c.
Every book today is compared to Gone Girl. Its the New Gone Girl,the Newer Gone Girl,  the Newest Gone Girl. So for those of you expecting a Gone Girl Repeat, this book will disappoint you.  I for one did not love Gone Girl.  However, as The Girl on the Train has amassed 10,000 plus reviews on Amazon, it has just as much hype as Gone Girl.  Train's premise is fun especially for those of us who enjoy peering in people's houses  and lives unobserved from the window of a train or car but  the execution is amateur. Still it is a compelling read.  Rachel is a fun character, a total loser who has kind of accepted her rejected, drunken status and doesn't seem to get to rattled about anything.  Won't take too much figuring out to guess who the killer is in this book but all the same, its a pleasant way to pass a few hours.
If Eric Bentley was right, and melodrama is fueled by the amount of fear it generates, then this is a successful melodrama. These women are all but literally tied to the train tracks in their shared London neighborhood. Their relationships are sharply rendered but shallow; there is betrayal, hand-wringing, abandonment, posturing villainy, and pathological obsession with all things superficial--body shape, real estate, reproductive success, chemical vice, and sexual virtue. Infidelity and sexual adventurism remain punishable by death (for women only). This story's twists and characterizations are so broad and archetypical that it could be told in pantomime. Luckily for us, it's told in really excellent prose; Paula Hawkins has a lot of fun with this problematic potboiler, and so did I.
Decent. Kind of slows down about halfway though. Certainly not as good as the hype would lead one to believe.
This was a satisfying read, and if I could I'd give it three and a half stars. BUT there was an overall feeling that this could have used another edit or two if nothing else to flesh out the character's lives and add more descriptive detail. At times, I felt the characters were a bit cardboard, because there was no mention or embellishment of little daily details of life that would have made it more realistic, there was some, but not enough, and it took me out of the story many times.I also figured out the WHO pretty quickly only because the plot isn't littered with many red herrings, so it was pretty easy to figure out. Did I love the description of a wreck of an alcoholic whose life is falling apart? YES!I do look forward to more from this author though!
Overall I really wanted to like the book.  As the book was written from the viewpoint of three characters and some ""shared scenes"", I thought that was interesting but the main character was a complete train wreck and I could not really gain any appreciation or caring for her.  She was simply a sorry girl on a train without a life. As to the overall character depth, I never became invested in any of them and felt no empathy, sympathy, or any basic feelings toward them at all...  While I could ""see"" each character, I had little insight to what made them who they were and as such, felt nothing when they succeeded, failed, hurt, or healed. It's a fairly fast read but I was shaking my head the entire trip wondering if it would ever get better...and  sadly, it didn't.
I made myself complete this book once I started it but never really got into the characters. Too much drama.
The killer just HAD to monologue.  I hate that literary device.  It did keep me guessing until about 80% in.
While the plot had interesting moments it also had way too many twists and turns....hard to follow in parts.
Good book I liked the writing style, and how it came together in the end it was a bit predictable earlier on
It was a good enough read to get through quickly, but I felt deflated at the end. It was all about affairs, promiscuity and alcoholism (and murder, of course). There were no likable characters here; even the cops were sleazy. It wasn't clear why Rachel lied so incessantly; it was unnecessary and only got her into more trouble. It just added to her already deeply flawed and unsympathetic character. And at the end, after the trauma she goes through, she miraculously sobers up. Seems like the opposite was more likely. The way it was written, with the back and forth first-person narratives, seemed a bit amateurish.The story was pretty good, and  some character development does occur. But I don't think it comes close to Gone Girl, as some of the reviewers have compared it to
This was a fairly well written thriller that sucks you in wanting to find out what really happened, so you keep reading until the bitter end even though you're not exactly enjoying it.  There is no one to care about because all the characters are utter miserable, wretched, repulsive people without a single redeeming quality.  I don't know if the reader is supposed to sympathize with any of the three women, but I sure as heck didn't.  The character that represents the main POV, Rachel Watson, is utterly stupid and just the worst.  So even though I was hooked into the mystery itself, I hated being in the heads of all three women because they were all horrible people.  The men were all one-dimensional as well, so I was not surprised when everything was finally revealed.
Paula Hawkins begins the story slowly like a train leaving the station, but the momentum increases as the story progresses; until the reader completes the story and reaches the home station.  The story contains many twists and turns, and Hawkins does an incredible job of hiding the killer and the reason.  I listened to the audiobook version and was enthralled with the reading.  The story alternates between the many characters, but centers on Rachel, the drunk.  The reader's feelings toward Rachel clamber back and forth until the whole story unfolds.  The reader plummets into Rachel's world of doubt and oblivion.  Hawkins does an amazing job with this type of characterization in Anna and in Megan, also.  The men are minor characters with little sympathy or empathy.
Initially, and up until about halfway through, I thought I would love this book a lot more than I did. The multiple narrators offered a unique perspective.The Girl on the Train is an engaging and fast read with a steady pace, and for the most part, I did find it enjoyable. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a fast-faced thriller. And I much appreciated the EE Cummings reference towards the beginning!However, I personally did not feel that the ""twist"" was all that surprising, and the ending did not leave me with a lasting impression. Many have compared this book to Gone Girl, but I found Gone Girl much superior. Gillian Flynn's writing is phenomenal, whereas I found Hawkin's writing just so-so and quite dialogue-heavy.
This book is still number one on best seller list.  Not quite sure why.  Too much ""back and forth
This book is a huge best seller and when I asked for it at the library I was no. 11 on the queue--the highest number I can remember being on a request  list.  It is in alternating chapters telling of the events through the eyes of Rachel, (an alcoholic whose ex-husband [Tom] has married Anna,), Megan, who sometimes has babysat Tom and Anna's child, and Anna (who is bothered by her husband's adultery even though she had a long adulterous affair with him before they married).  The chapters by Megan cease about halfway through the book(for good reason).  None of the characters in the story have any regard for the Sixth Commandment and Rachel is an alcoholic and Megan is a nymphomaniac.  The book holds one's interest  but cannot be said to be especially memorable..
Drunken Heroines are not my personal cup of tea.  I have no patience with those who intentionally dull their senses and then expect the sober to worry and care about them.  This was not a bad book.  It read fast and your are interested as you are reading it.  It's hard for those people who have been ""down the road"" with a drunkard to feel any sympathy for the girl on the train.  Because of my personal feelings, I  almost did not say  anything at all on this novel but since it has topped the best seller lists for so long, I wanted to possibly warn off those who have the same problem as I do,  I'm not a teetotaler but just have no sympathy with the out of control types.  This ended up being way too personal and maybe that was a mark of good writing....RZ
The comparison between Gone Girl and this book is deceptive.  In my estimation, there was no comparison. The Girl on the Train is a book full of characters no one would care about under any circumstances.  The narrative moves from one loser to another in a slow plodding manner.  It took me about half way through the book to figure out who had done the murder.  None of the characters had any redeeming qualities nor were they interesting, intelligent or witty.  In order for a book to be engaging, at least one character should elicit some empathy or sympathy.  I could not relate to any of the characters on any level.  The story was just lively enough for me to stay with the book until the end, but anyone less patient would have chucked it long before the ending.
This is not a great novel. It meanders quite a bit and moved backward and forward in time, using multiple female first person voices that are sometimes hard to distinguish. But, it will hold your interest. They main character (Rachel) is flawed, and over time, while reading the book, you will find all five of the main characters very flawed in multiple ways.  In fact, after learning her history and what drove her to become a drunk, Rachel comes out as a bouquet of roses compared to the other two women (and obviously the other 2 men) in the story. It absolutely is nothing like Gone Girl, and nothing like a good Hitchcock piece, but it certainly is not as bad as some people are saying.
I am in the minority that didn't love this book.  It was slow in places and the final twist fell flat for me.  I guessed the person about half way through and was disappointed to find out that I was right.  I did like the feeling of being the person on the train who is playing Nancy Drew to help solve the mystery, however the drunken blackouts became predictable and made me skim the pages a bit.  I enjoyed the writing, however I would not call this the next Gone Girl.  I do not think the writing quality or story telling is anywhere near that of Gillian Flynn.  I think if you are looking for a Flynn style psychological thriller, you should pick up Mud Vein or Marrow by Tarryn Fisher.  The Girl On The Train is not as dark and twisted as I was hoping it to be.
My sister had raved about this book so I made it a point to buy it when a discounted price became available.  Hawkins writes well and her story is quite good but I have never met a bunch of less likeable characters.  Perhaps, as a very literal person, I missed her point if Hawkins intended to portray everyone so negatively, but I like at least one person to root for in a book.  The central character was incredibly weak and seemingly proud of her inablity to pull herself out of her neediness and addicton.  The other characters were angry, selfish, violent, and/or not terribly bright.I will credit Hawkins with keeping the ending fairly opaque until near the end but this is not a book I particularly enjoyed.  Plus now I have to fib to my sister.
I read this book for my book club. Reviews compared it to Gone Girl, and while in the same genre, there is really no comparison.  I liked the way the story changed narration through out the book and I liked many elements of the story, but the characters were not likeable or admirable. Rachel was slightly sympathetic, but any chance of my getting on board with her ended with her continuous bad choices and decisions.  Towards the middle of the book I began to suspect ""who did it"" - but there were no clues apart from my natural suspicious nature.  I have thoughts on character developments which I am looking forward to discussing at my book group, but I would not call this a must read, and I am surprised that it is at the top of the best seller list.
I could not find one character to cheer for in any part of this story.  The plot is decent enough and the premise is interesting.  I gave it three stars instead of two because the writing is very good, plot twists keep the story moving forward (though many are not believable - but hey, this is fiction).  I prefer a novel that has at least one character (preferably the protagonist) that has likable attributes in one way or another and one that I care about.  The novel is told in the first person by three incredibly unlikable women. I think this book will make a better film, which is weird because it's usually the other way around with the book that's better than the movie. Since the film rights have already be snatched up by Time Warner, time will tell.
I've never wanted to bitch slap a story character so badly and i don't believe in violence.  I was rooting for Rachel but she was a hot mess.  Is it possible for a person to be that herp derp?  I cringed at her repeated socially awkward behavior and situations she put herself in.  Yes we have all been fools for love but Rachel groveled to new depths.  I am not familar with severe alcoholism but her constant blackouts became annoying.  I was hoping Rachel would adopt some real detective skills and her mission would inspire her to grow a spine but that never materialized.  The foundation of the story is enticing and I kept thinking any minute it was going to kick into overdrive, instead the book stayed in third grear grinding to a petered out finale.
This was my first Kindle book, so it was novel for me to read on the Kindle.  I found it difficult to empathize with a woman who was obviously an alcoholic as we have been dealing with a difficult family situation involving an alcoholic relative.  But, because of this, I could understand her memory lapses, her need for the drinks, her obsessions  and her blackouts, but it was a stretch to make her the heroine. Moving between times with just a date as a chapter head was a bit confusing.  I don't know the city and physical locations, so that led to more confusion.  Because I used the Kindle and wasn't familiar with all its features, I might have enjoyed the physical book more, so I could go back and forth a little easier and do some re-reading.
The blurb for this book describes a riveting, fast paced and suspenseful story on par with ""Gone Girl.""  I don't think this book is anywhere near as good as that book, nor is it very suspenseful.  The end of the book is surprising, and I thought the book was good enough that I wanted to finish reading it through to see how everything ends.  But I didn't find it a page-turner at all.  I also found it hard to read so much detail about how the main character, Rachel, devolves further and further into alcoholism.  It's a bit excessive and trails on a little too much, for too long, in the story.  I didn't dislike the book, I've just read books that are... more exciting, more educating, more detailed, more complex, better developed, you get it.
I just finished the novel this morning, and know I'm in the minority, but don't consider it a thriller by any means, more a pseudo psychological suspense quick read tale. I  found the style irritating, the characters not fully fleshed out, but was ultimately drawn in enough want to know the outcome though I guessed the ""bad guy"" fairly early on as I presume readers who read really well done, literate mysteries will. Ultimately, I find myself especially sympathetic toward Rachel, because I understand to what extent emotional abuse can drive one, to a lesser degree the other two women when the emotional distress they endured was ultimately made known. All in all I didn't enjoy the book and am unlikely to read this author's work in future.
Last night I finished reading ""Girl On the Train"" good book, a bit hard to follow all that back and forth in time and who is speaking. I don't know why that is the trend right now, but it is sometimes confusing about who is who, until you know the characters better, I found I turned back to see who was speaking andwhen less towards the end of the book, but at the beginning I did it all the time. A lot like watching a film where all the actors are unknown to you and they look alike. Who are you again.....I could see a lot of ""Gone Girl"" in it, although not the same story. Also hard to figure out ""who did it"" when all your theories are based on lies....it was slowly revealed, Anyway don't want to spoil the ending...
This book got so much hype.  Honestly, I'm not sure why:  it just did not hit me as something special.
I wasn't invested in the character, however the end was strong and surprising, which saved my opinion.
Much hype about this book.  The interaction of all the characters was improbable. While it is fiction and a snapshot of a time in space, none of the characters were particularly likable or realistic.  Hard to find much empathy for or identification with any of them. I know alcoholics with some of the devastating results experienced by Rachel.  Not sure people ""recover"" their memory or black-outs as quickly and clearly as Rachel.  But it would be a very long book if in the real world. The two babies in the book, one living, one deceased, were the ones for whom I felt anything except vague annoyance.  Imagine attempting to navigate such a self-absorbed adult world.  While the book moved quickly, ultimately I was disappointed.
I always like it when the author tells the story in the voice of each of the characters, as Paula Hawkins does here. It gives a bit more insight into those particular characters and their motivation for their actions. I thought the book had an interesting concept, but you don't really like any of the main characters, and that always makes it hard to love a book, for me anyway. I found parts of it quite repetitious, especially Rachel's battle with the bottle, which, while realistically incessant, was needlessly beaten like a dead horse. I would recommend it to others with the caveat that it is an interesting story, albeit a strange one, that chugs along in places like a freight train, when I'd rather see it speed up like an Acela.
This book is OK, but not much more.  The style in which the book is written is confusing initially.  It is told from the perspective of 3 separate female characters, each with alternating chapters.  I had a hard time keeping track of who was telling the story in the initial chapters.  The main character in the book is not at all likeable.  Really, none of the characters are likeable.  I never found myself caring about the outcome.  I trudged through it just because I have a hard time not finishing something I've started.The book does make a good point, though, that you can never really know what someone else's life is like.  Everyone has their own set of issues, no matter how perfect their life may appear from the outside.
I really wanted to love this book.  The premise was so intriguing....girl riding on the train inventing lives for the occupants of the houses she passes every day.  As the story unfolds about the girl on the trains past relationship with these houses I felt a little set up.  Some of the twists were true twists and the identity of the ""bad guy"" was initially surprising.  If this book had ended differently I would have had a better reading experience but it stepped into a very unbelievable set of behaviors that sapped the energy from the book.  The Girl on the Trains character was not as developed as it could have been.  I did enjoy the different voices the story was told from as we got to know more about the characters.
Yes I know---its a NY Times bestseller and has been on the list for a long time, but quite frankly it was a drag to read.  If you like sorting through the emotions and tangled thoughts of three women as the author jumps from one period of time to another, you will love the book as many have.  If not, you will find yourself plodding through this book hoping it reaches the end soon.  I give it three stars because the plot is first-rate and the writing is highly descriptive and insightful.I finished reading Anthony Doerr's ""All the Light You Cannot See"" several months ago and this book pales in comparison. (but then again, Doerr's book was rated the book of the year by several organizations and deservedly so)
The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins is a psychological thriller.  Rachael Watson is the Girl on the Train and she is the main character.  Through her train trips we meet the other characters ; Tom (her ex-husband) and his new wife Anna and Scott and Megan.  These two couples are neighbors on the same street.  The first part of the novel rolls along rhythmically like the train on the tracks.  Once the crime has been committed the tension mounts and everyone becomes a suspect.  The mental illnesses run rampant is this novel and everyone seemingly has their own little corner on mental health. The most normal character in the story was Cathy Rachael's roommate.  I found myself comparing this to Gone Girl and The Rear Window.
At this moment in time newbie authors are trying to jump on the bandwagon so they can get ""The Next Gone Girl"" blurb on their book cover. (While I loathed Gone Girl and wished every character to die die die, I would be a fool not to acknowledge the success of the book.)  Paula Hawkins' novel is the story of two hot messes and how their lives intersect even though technically they never meet. Well, lets be honest: everyone in this book is a hot mess and even after the climax of the story I believe they will continue on their individual downward spirals. But I was more entertained, was more interested in how everything would be resolved, and had a better time reading this Girl than I did That Which Shall Be Forgotten.
Seems to drag on through the middle of the book.  The ending is surprising and moves at a good pace.
Started off really absorbing, made you eagerly look forward to unraveling the mystery. The author did a good job letting you into the muddled mind of the depressed and lonely main character, Rachel. Her alcoholic stupor seemed realistic and you felt sorry for her.The other two female narrators' point of view kept up the intrigue. But towards the end, all three revealed themselves to be ditzy losers, making unbelievably stupid decisions. The villain was a surprise, but such an over the top character - it played out like a bad Lifetime TV movie. There were a few loose ends that didn't get wrapped up properly, like the psychologist. I still can't tell if one of the characters slept with him or not. The ending blew it for me.
we know she was a drunk.  we know she drank.  Not a well developed book.  There are better authors.
Thought it was too drawn out. Got bored but I did finish as I wanted to know ""who done it?
For at least half the book, I kept wondering 'what's all the hype about'? The beginning was slow, the main character was not someone I could identify with nor even like, and the story seemed to drag painfully along. I figured out the villain early in the second half, but at least the story -and the main character- got a bit more interesting after that. Near the end, I felt compelled to keep reading, wishing the entire book had been as interesting.I think I would have enjoyed the story much better if the heroine (I use the word lightly) had not been a drunk, and if the book had been paced faster and didn't drag out so long.Overall, 3 stars, most of them earned in the last quarter of the book.
The book was intriguing. However, I figured out the villain almost immediately and so the rest of the book at that point was just a confirmation of what I already knew. While I agree that main characters are more realistic if their flaws are revealed as well as their good characteristics, I was very irritated at this main character's stupidity in so many ways--overconsumption of alcohol, refusal to listen to advice from friends, repeated visits to areas where she was forbidden to appear, etc. She just made terrible choices, and that made her less sympathetic to readers, I felt. In the books I read, I want to support and cheer on my main character. I just wanted to scold this one for making bad choices all the time.
Why are so many people reading this book?  I wanted to find out, only to be disappointed.  The three principal womencharacters have too much in common.  If you weren't told who was talking you'd mix them up from time to time.  The author'svoice dominates her characters which may not be noticeable to others but intrudes on the originality of the women involved.So it all gets down to who committed the crime?  Page by page you go along reading endlessly about Rachel's bouts with drinking,or Megs cheating heart or Anna's anger at Rachel.  The men are no winners either.  But the plot is refreshingly original and the writer's skill at plotting makes you keep reading.  The book is a fast read.
If you're looking for an easy, enjoyable read without too much depth, this book is for you.A decent novel by anyone's standards. Well written with the right amount of humor and wit. (British humor and language is always something I enjoy -- a break from the norm.)However, I don't see what all the rave is about. It's another Gone Girl in style and plot. Don't get me wrong, it was definitely a page turner and I often found myself wanting to get back to reading as soon as possible. But, in the end, I just did not love this book.I guess with all the hype about how great of a novel this was, I got my hopes up. High expectations and average quality make for a semi-letdown reader.
It took so long to build the back story I almost quit it several times.  The end made it worth it.
The book ended up being...OK. But, I would not recommend it. Only because I was not engaged with the characters. I thought they (well, mostly the women in the book) were just complete messes. I DIDN'T CARE what happened to any of them. It was a bit of a struggle to keep reading because every time I thought at least one of them was starting to get their life on track they would sink back into their screwed up behavior. If I don't care what happens to a character in a book, it's difficult to continue reading. It was highly recommended to me, but I thought it was a little too repetitive and by the end, predictable just by means of elimination.I would consider reading other books by Paula Hawkins, though.
This is another book I reviewed several books back.  I've stopped writing these on my kindle as it seems to be a problem now for some reason. I'm relying on my memory here but as I recall this woman had some serious mental issues about her husband leaving her and it was her stalking him that got her in trouble.  I got frustrated with her drinking and trying to regain her memory to find out if she was actually involved in a murder.  I was about three fourths of the way through when I figured it out but I had to see how it played out.I know a lot of people gave this five stars but I found it boring in spots, often frustrating with the main character and in general just okay. An entertaining read.
The story is good. As a murder mystery, it kept me turning the pages. But I had a hard time empathizing with the main character (or any of the characters). They are so dysfunctional. Not one character has a redeeming quality. There is the pee-in-her-pants, vomiting, black-out drunk (protagonist), a misogynist or two, the shallow mistress who takes joy her house-wrecking ways and the victim, a manipulative hot mess who stopped mental development at 12 (figuratively speaking). I didn't care about any of them and I didn't like reading about them. I pushed through to the end to see if I nailed the murderer. That said, Hawkins writes well and hopefully, her next book will sport at least one likeable character.
Not the most enjoyable reading experience, though the plot was clever.  What was lacking for me was the development of the characters.  Each character had lots of negative characteristics which made it hard to care that much about any of them.  Only at the very end did 1-2 show some redeeming characteristics. Kind of hard to read about a group of youngish adults making one mistake or poor choice after another.  It was as I were meeting a group of people at hopefully the unwisest time of each of their lives.  Even the therapist character was extremely unwise.  Being a therapist myself, I could only think that most of the characters just needed a couple of years of good therapy to get themselves together.
I found the  hard to get into because of the alternating narrators. The emotional and mental state of Rachel can confuse the reader because she is an unreliable narrator; her story is well written though and as the story lines develop you become more I involved with her character. The story doesn't really come across as a mystery but more of a winding tale of people destined to create a situation that is a loose-loose for all concerned. After thinking about the book, it really painted a haunting picture of the self-destructive person (Rachel) and what it must be like to be inside such a befuddled, alcohol addicted brain. She is the one character that will stick with you long after you finish the book.
Certainly not Hitchcock-like in any manner, and Alfred would be turning over in his grave if he saw some of the 5* reviews comparing the book to his work. If you liked Gone Girl, you will like this book. I got tired of Rachel after the  9th or 10th time she got drunk, and I can't understand why Cathy didn't ask her to leave and mean it! This book tries to build suspense, but the meaningless plot and colorless characters just don't make it. I did like the beginning and enjoy stories that take place on or about a train - but Hitchcock's ""Strangers on a Train"" has it all over this book. About halfway through I decided to check the reviews here and saw that many said the same - Gone Girl, etc.
There was a good introduction, plenty of back story and character development. Then the 'event' happened and you expect to go through the motions of solving the 'event' but it takes so long. I feel like the bulk of the middle of the book was wasted space- you could have done so much more with the story but instead it focused on all the wrong things and people. The ending is a bit of a twist although a few pages before you 'find out' you already guess it. The ending wrapped up in fewer pages than any other part of the book and could've been better. It kept me reading (because I wanted to know what happened and hoped it got better) and it was an easy read to keep my occupied on the train ride home.
A little depressing for me but the mystery was great, you could not figure out ahead who dunnit.
This has been compared to Gone Girl but undeservedly so. Perhaps not as well written but The Girl On The Train is a more engaging story. It alternated between three female characters and goes back and forth in a time span leading to the disappearance of one of the protagonists. The ending was somewhat predictable, with a few decoys dropped into the plot.  The writing is not strong enough to make it a mystery and i don't think thriller defines this book. It is a holiday, read in a day book and mildly entertaining. Particularly the sustaining of the main character Rachel, a disintegrating alcoholic. Overall, disappointed as it is not as good a read as the advertising/promotions make you believe.
I hurried through this audio book and was hooked from the beginning. The voice actors were great. The writing was strong, but Rachel's character dragged a bit and her repetitive drunkenness got tiresome and annoying. My biggest critique comes from the fact the plot focuses on three women yet all the conflict is driven by their relationships with men. I would have liked at least one of the female leads to have been defined by more than her conflicts with men. Even the death of Megan's brother directed her poor teenage choices. Why not make him a sister and give Megan the ability to connect and be supported by a female? When this is adapted to film it will fail the Bechdel test on a grand scale.
After all the glowing reviews I was really excited to get this book on my Kindle and start reading.  That went well for a while. It didn't take long to realize that all three of the female characters were basically the same, cliched, and one dimensional.  The promised ""twist"" was very easy to foresee; I actually felt scammed before I finished this book.  There wasn't one character that you could believe as a real person, not one to admire, and certainly no one to identify with.  If you like ""...Shades of Grey..."" etc, you will probably like this book, butit certainly isn't literature by any stretch.
It took too long for the story to get started and then too much about how messed up Rachel was.
Good grief!!  By the time I got to the end of this novel, I was thoroughly exhausted.  While the book provides interesting insights into the life of an alcoholic, and the lives of those around them, it failed to me to be a psychological thriller as touted. I wanted to shake the heroine and tell her to get a grip on her life.  For my money, the book could have been pages shorter.  I frankly was tired of riding the train by the time I got to the end of the book.  However, realization and coming to one's senses is always refreshing as is having another shot at life.  in this way, the book did indeed redeem itself.
The best seller list is not always a good indication of the quality of a book or it's appeal to all of the reading public. I know I'm preaching to the choir if only to admit my failure to adequately research the novels I choose to read. The Girl On the Train is a story of the alcoholic fog through which a young woman struggles to live her life with a notation of her mistakes and a purportedly surprise ending.Well, the ending is no surprise and the train is not as significant as the amount of wine consumed in the story but who am I to question the immense popularity of this best seller. The Girl (with a Glass of Wine) on the Train was not for this reviewer but C' est la vie.
This was a pretty good book. It was interesting and kept me turning pages well past my bedtime. I agree with the reviewers who say the ending was a bit cliché, but it's a murder-mystery with really only 5 possible suspects, so the cliché was a bit unavoidable. And around the middle of the book I got a little fed-up with the main character Rachel. I almost stopped reading because it was just one stupid move after another! It was hard to empathize with her and I ended up finishing the book not to find out what happened to Rachel, but to find out what happened to Megan. That's why I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 4--Rachel became very one-dimensional and pathetic, I just got sick of her!
This would be a good airplane book.  About 35 pages into it, I considered quitting.  Each chapter has the name of the character whose perspective is described in that chapter, which is necessary because the voices of the characters all blur together.  More than once I had to check the first page of the chapter to be sure who I was reading about.  However, since my book group chose it, I kept reading.  It is a compelling story in many ways, and the plot twists at the end are clever.  So, if you find yourself needing something that will hold your attention, it could be worthwhile.  If you want something gripping and very well written, read Susan Hill's Serraillier, which is first rate.
Good not great. We'll written, i tetesting characters, slow in the middle, predictable ending.
I found the story dragged on and on. I also had it solved before I was half way thru.Had
This book reminded me of Gone Girl. The characters were not very likable and extremely broken.
A tedious beginning gives way to a so-so first third of this novel, making me wonder what all the fuss was about. I know that every book has a "" set-up"" portion, but this part could use some serious editing. There was way too much drunken rambling in Rachel's mind while she took her twice daily train rides to and from London. Thank goodness the last half slowly begins to build suspense, as I was just about ready to give up on this one.The story is told by the ex-wife, the current wife, and the victim, but NOT in chronological order, making it a little difficult to follow the plot line. I found that I had to highlight the dates so that I could keep looking back at them.
This is the first book that I've read where I didn't like the main character. Throughout the story, I got annoyed with how the main character inserted herself in an ongoing murder investigation under the guise that she knew the victim but she never did. The way she drank so much and butted into business that did not concern her, annoyed me. At the end of the novel, I finally started to like the main character because she found strength in herself to stand up for not only herself but two other women. I'm content with the ending of the book because of how she redeemed herself and ended her misery that was unexpectedly cause by a person I never suspected until the last few chapters.
Once I realized the unravelling of this mystery required the primary character to relive her frequent drunken black outs to determine real violence from fiction, I became quickly bored.  That's all this story was - a girl who gets blind drunk 5 days a week. looses her friends, her job and her husband. She holds no respect. In fact the bad guys do the bad things in front of her, knowing that she's too wasted to witness anything and would never be believed if she reported it.I kept hoping she would turn her life around and get sober - there was some hint of that at the end.  I enjoyed the second to last chapter when the 2 arch rivals join forces to take the creepy man down.
I didn't love or hate this book. I didn't read Gone Girl so I have no comparisons to make. Kudos to the author for giving very descriptive visual detail through the written word because I formed such an opinion about the characters, they were horrible, from their personalities, problems and even on a good day, they were bothersome. The premise of the book had a lot of potential; girl takes the same train, sees the same people everyday and feels on some level that she knows them...a very Rear Window voyeuristic approach. But then the book fell short. I knew what was going on about 1/2 way through and the need to know whether I was right is what kept me reading for the most part.
I almost put this book aside, simply because of the number of comma splices, something I'm seeing more and more often these days.This book was slow starting, and I found it impossible to ever identify with the protagonist. And at the end, I still couldn't figure out, if her husband cared enough about her to marry her, why did he set out to destroy her? Because she drank too much? But apparently, she'd done that before--he just drove her to more of it. All truly good books give you something you can sympathize--or at least emphasize--with, but not this one. Yet, there were chapters where I was intrigued, just waiting to see what this rather weird character was going to do next.
This book was a book club read and most of our members did not like the book at all.  I, on the other hand, thought that the writer did an awesome job of being in the heads of all these dysfunctional characters. It was difficult in the beginning to figure out what the relationship was of all the characters, and the timeframe jumping was confusing to many of our readers.  After much discussion about the dark side of the book, we were left with one unanswered question.  Did Anna or Rachael ever reveal to the police who killed Megan or was the crime left unsolved?  The last 100 pages were the best part of the book.  I would compare this book to Gone Girl which I enjoyed equally.
this is no Gone Girl but is well written and a fun read. A good  read while away on vacation.
This is the story of a murder narrated by three different women: the girl on the train, her ex-husband's new wife, and the murder victim. The girl on the train is a pathetic alcoholic mess, shattered by her ex-husband's affair and subsequent marriage. The new wife is a shrill new mommy who gets off on being the bad girl who wrecked a marriage. The murder victim is a woman who lives down the street with a shady past. Paula Hawkins has created three characters that it's impossible to like or to feel sympathy for. Yet the story draws you in, as you learn more about the girl on the train and her obsession with the murdered woman and her life. Not a great book, but a good read.
I was very excited to read this novel.  It was supposed to be the next 'it' book after Gone Girl.  However, when I completed it, I wasn't impressed.  The novel started great.  However, the culmination of the novel left a lot to be desired.  It hit a climax and then a chapter later it was done. I thought she could have ended the novel a little better, but the character development was phenomenal.  One good thing, there weren't any holes in the story, and I felt like she explained everything that needed to be answered.  I think if she worked a little more on the end of the book, it would have been better.  The end was the only thing keeping me from giving it another star...
I haven't read many books so when I do I don't want to feel like I wasted those hours of my life. I like to end a book with a little more knowledge or a good story to tell others. At some point with this book, I wanted to quit & read something else, but I couldn't without knowing the answer to the mystery I started. The problem with this book is I didn't like any of the characters. The best person is probably the roommate & her part is minimal. If you don't mind reading about an alcoholic who blacks out often, a snobby mistress, a depressed wife and waiting until the very end for brief action, go for this book. I went for it due to the ""best seller"" advertisement.
I love the premise of the voyeuristic observation and witnessing things that at first don't make sense. I also tend to make up stories in my head about the people I see in crowds or on the train. The angsty, alcoholic whining of Rachel almost made me stop reading though; I have little patience for the victim mentality, especially when it appears that they've wrought their own destruction. I found her very unsympathetic until the plot twists started, and then had to rethink my opinion of her and the other characters. That whole don't judge until you've heard the whole story really applies here.I stuck it out because it was our book club book.  I'm glad I did.
One needs to stay with the book and keep the time scales in your mind to become fully committed. In essence it is an old style who dunnit with many twists and turns and generally with characters that you will never fall in love with. Pity will be an emotion which you may feel for the central character since many women end up in this type of scenario. Of course most women will not become involved in a murder hunt.There are some characters, who,  while necessary to enhance some scenes and play minor parts, are not fully developed even though one feels that somehow they will expand to have a bigger role in the plot.Again maybe I missed something along the way.
(SPOILER FREE)The first two-thirds of this book make a cracking good mystery, full of red herrings and twists. However, I guessed the answer to the plot's central question pretty early on and when the ending confirmed my guess I felt disappointed.The ending just seemed too implausible in a book that I felt had some real emotion and insight in it.Go ahead and buy it if you want a quite enjoyable 5/6 of a book. I don't regret the purchase. The writing before the reveal is quick paced but steady feeling and the author is good at parceling out the clues and mysteries and at keeping the suspense going. It was also a pretty quick read.
The character, Rachel, comments that she became lonelier, “because no one likes being around a drunk.”  I would add, reading about one either.  A paragraph later she continues that, “sadness gets boring after a while, for the sad person and for everyone around them. And then I went from being a drinker to being a drunk, and there’s NOTHING MORE BORING (emphasis mine) than that.”  I agree and quickly tired of lonely, sad, self-indulgent, self-destructive, pathetic, unconvincing characters.  Since I’ve read only 106 pages, I rated this terrible book a three star.  Perhaps this well hyped novel redeems itself, but I’m inclined to heed Rachael’s observations instead.
I read a few reviews before diving into this one, so I gleaned from those that the characters were not very likeable but that the mystery was well-woven. This is a very, very accurate description of the book.The nature of the mystery is a murder, and it's not a compliment to the characters that you could see pretty much any of them as having committed it. But, I guess, like a murder mystery party, that's what makes it so difficult to guess.I really needed a happier book ""pick me up"" after this depressing read... but it was well-woven, and well-written.
The setting wasn't really developed and the characters stereotypes, but the plot although developed slowly kept one's attention.  I found I wanted to read on and in actual fact enjoyed this book.  BUT, I wouldn't call it a stand out.  Seemed more like a written for a movie kind of book:  drama, good looking women, good looking men, glamorous locations like art shops, heritage homes, pubs, etc. - except for the train!  I have to say the climax did  hold a surprise, maybe it was the anti-climax actually that ended the book with a surprising ""twist"" - and yes, this is a play on a word!  I would recommend this book for anyone looking for a good, fast read.
I enjoyed this, and would probably give it more of a 3.5 star rating. While not perfect and not a favorite, it definitely kept me interested throughout, which is a crucial thing for me. I at least kept wanting to turn the page.However, I didn't find it that ""thrilling,"" which is unfortunate, because it is a thriller after all, and when I read from that genre, I expect the usual feeling of reading with bated breath. I didn't experience that with The Girl On The Train.Don't get me wrong, I thought it was intriguing and entertaining enough, and I do recommend this for others to try out for themselves, but for me, it just didn't blow my mind.
It took a couple hundred pages before I really was interested in this novel.  The author has chosen two morally challenged women as her star players, and then added an equally unattractive man to complete this trio.  To be fair, she also threw in a couple of generally realistic characters, one man and one women with which the reader could sympathize.  The author trudged on through the story building her case about a killing,etc., then in two pages, switched a character's personality to bright and insightful!  Really.  The last few chapters were pretty interesting, tho. And I did finish the book. And the author is probably laughing all the way to the bank.
This is an interesting book but not unputdownable, as I discovered over the past 10 days. Deeply flawed characters helped to define this as a psychological thriller. The protagonist is an alcoholic who spends her weekdays riding the train from home to London pretending to go to work. She can't find the nerve to tell her roommate that she was fired. She passes by the home she occupied with her ex husband and finds herself pestering him and his new wife, periodically, in drunken stupors. During her many train rides she begins to fantasize about a couple she spots who live a few doors from her ex. Her curiosity and excessive drinking contribute to tragedy .
Fun to read, but honestly, I was ready for this book to end about 100 pages before it ended. The narrator voice and the POV switch between chapters, which got more and more tiresome, adding more and more complex layers to the story. As I type that, I realize this is a plus for readers who love suspense thrillers, probably. Me? I feel jerked around with this kind of story. Lots of repetitious events and switching from character to character which draw out the telling. That doesn't feel the same to me as ""suspense, "" it feels more like a guy telling a long long story who just won't get to the point. By the time it ended, I was just glad to be done.
This book was on the best seller list for weeks but I personally could not figure out why.
Enjoyed the different perspectives and the idea of wondering/making up what others' lives are like when seeing the same scenery day after day on a train. I liked how chapters were told from the viewpoint of the major female characters and how what one thinks is happening is something completely different. I did not enjoy the incredibly screwed-up lives of these people and how they constantly made one bad decision after another...sort of a Gone Girl meets House of Sand and Fog, neither of which I liked. I did want to know what happened and how the whole mystery would be resolved, so I did continue reading to the end. It was a somewhat satisfying ending.
Comparisons to Gone Girl are a bit generous, as this lacks Gillian Finn's knack for character development and twisted psychology.  Instead, it's more of a Lifetime movie thriller. It eventually becomes a page turner (even if experienced mystery readers see the finale coming from quite a way out)...but overall, I found myself thinking of our protagonist as unbearably weak and the portrayal of male characters to be misandrist.  (At their best narcissistic and self-serving - at worst, which was common, controlling and violent.)  Fine for a plane ride or the beach, but don't get mislead by the flattering praise into thinking this novel will stay with you.
It took me a while to actually enjoy the book but once I did i just couldn't put it down.
I found the popularity of this book a bit puzzling, but it seems to belong to the current trend in ""dark'' fiction. Credit must be given to the clever weaving of plot and only a handful of characters around the setting of a commuter train, and it keeps the attention by shifting back and forth among them; but the consistently morbid tone of the piece was simply not to my taste. I came away from reading it feeling I'd gained nothing from reading it other than its creative plot construction. I felt no affinity for the characters as worthwhile knowing and was ready to move on to something more inspiring, or -- at the very least -- informative.
I am reading this book for a ""mystery"" book club/discussion class at the University of OK, part of the OSII, which stands for Ocher Lifelong Learning Institute.I just finished the book last evening, and the author develops her main character well, with distinct details about her alcoholism; but she is much more vague about the character development of the other people in the story.  I thought the middle part of the book was ""draggy"", and got tired of her flashbacks, but that is part of the disease of alcoholism.I know the book has been popular, but I am not sure I would recommend this book ""for just everyone.""  Thanks.
This is not a bad story, but it doesn't bring anything new. The writer juggles suspicion between characters(Possible spoiler)then reveals the murderer to be the least suspected character.(Spoiler)Also the ending was a let down, where the ""villain"" does the typical i will explain everything now, and the ""heroine"" who is portrayed as a weak depressed alcoholic,  suddenly has the power to stab a person and do some kung-fu moves on the villain.(End of spoiler)As I said this is not a bad story, but you probably have read this or seen this numerous times before.
I could not get into this book due to the changes, chapter to chapter, of the character, speaking.  I could not tell whether one character was imagining herself to be another and speaking through her.  I gave it the old college try and rarely do this, but I quit reading after a little over half way through it.  Maybe I gave up too early, but I did not enjoy it.  I know it is a best seller and more power to it.  I spoke with my librarian and she said, you have to reread chapters to clarify, etc.  I turned it back in and went to Robert Parker and enjoy reading again.  My had it off to those who understand and enjoy The Girl on the Train!
Do not understand the hype for this book at all.  Predictable story. Boring characters.
Not a bad summer read, but the story somewhat dragged and the drunken escapades got old
I found the main character's alcoholism and her consequent choices a little depressing.
Good mystery but weird unlikeable characters. Did keep my interest all the way through.
This is a ""chapter"" book wherein different characters narrate different chapters. There could have been more character development for both female and male characters, in my opinion. The ending was definitely not anticipated. Rachel rides the same train every morning. To pass the time, she looks out the window, inventing stories about the people she sees every day. She even gives them names. One day, she sees one of the women kiss a man who is not her husband. Later, she finds out the woman is missing. One might need a notepad to keep track of who is who doing what . I only wish the characters had been more fully developed.
While the characters were enough to keep me interested, I can't get over the fact that the mystery, the backbone of this novel, was incredibly weak. Hawkins has crafted this wonderfully complex female characters, each of them compelling in their own way. The side characters also felt very real, almost as if I might stumble across these people on the street. I also really liked Hawkins writing style, it felt very real and complex.But like I said before, the mystery was totally lacking. The ending was both predictable and disappointing, and if the characters hadn't been there, there was no way I'd have been able to finish it.
I know this is a highly-rated NYT Bestseller - but I personally found it hard to follow for at least the first half of the book.  It jumps back/forth between the ""Girl on the Train"" and the individuals she sees from the train and later interacts with.  She is a troubled person and, for much of the book, this interaction seems like a series of delusions (is she just imagining all this or is she schizophrenic and these other people are just her other personalities??)-- until the plot starts to fill in.  No spoilers here.  Overall, it was OK - but lacked the intensity and story-line clarity that I seek in a novel like this.
This was a hard book to read.  The characters are somber and depressing, with Rachel being the worst.  Spiraling downward into the abyss of alcoholism, unable to remember certain events that tie in to a local woman's disappearance and death, she nonetheless tries to help the grieving husband and the police solve the mystery, totally putting off both with her instability.  The author's tack of writing this tale from the perspective of the three women in it, coupled with the juxtaposition of the stories along the timeline, make it an interesting read.  Some have likened this work to ""Gone Girl""; not even close.
I enjoyed reading this book which is why I gave it 3 stars.  Yes, it is something of a page-turner.  I had to finish it just to get to the climax and find out ""who-done-it.""  But, it is not on par with Gone Girl.  It's failings prevent me giving it a 4 or 5.  Nor should it be compared to a master such as Hitchcock.  Ms. Hawkins may aspire to and strive for such greatness, but she didn't achieve it with this - her debut novel.  And one shouldn't expect her to. The plot and structure are clever.  The characters, however, are unbelievable and unrealistic and their actions and choices are convenient for the plot.
I enjoyed the suspense in this novel,  but came away feeling quite let down because of  its over population of negative characters., starting with the narrator, an unattractive, depressed alcoholic , fantasizing her intrusive way into the private lives  of any body and everybody who catches her  invasive attention. Reading  further, one character after another  joins the ranks of residents of this moral wasteland.  . When, at last, our thirty-something ""Nancy Drew"" comes out of her blackout,  the gory, rather contrived ending leaves us feeling rather unwell..  I love a psychological thriller, but...........?
The Girl on the Train is a bit over-hyped. In my opinion, this book doesn't deserves as much attention and praise as its gotten. I didn't hate it but I did figure out the ending about halfway through and got a little bored. The book started off slow and I had to push through it. The three women who give their point of view in this book are selfish and reckless. They make decisions without thinking about the consequences or how their actions affect others. The men aren't any better. I'm not sure which character I disliked the most. They're all pretty awful. I will admit it doesn't deserve the 1 star and 2 star ratings. It wasn't terrible. It was a unique story, just not my favorite.
This book is like a Gone Girl lite. Lots of twists and turns in the plot. Rachel is an alcoholic, divorced, and unemployed. She rides the train everyday to fool her flat mate that she is still working. She passes by her old home where her ex-husband lives with his new wife and baby. A few doors down, there is a couple. Rachel gives them names and makes up vignettes about their lives. Then the wife disappears and Rachel is involved but she doesn't remember how. I think the biggest problem is that, at least for me, I didn't particularly like Rachel, she is a bit of a mess. However, by the end I sympathize with her.
This book got me hooked quick, it's written in that 'can't wait to find out what happens next"" fashion so it started as a real page turner. I liked the premise. That being said, about 1/3 of the way into the book all hell broke loose as far as character development/motiviation/etc. The main character began doing incredibly stupid and non-sensical things. It was all very contrived. I figured out who the killer was half-way through (I kept hoping I was wrong because it seemed too easy but I was right) so the ending was disappointing. It was a quick read so if you go for it you won't waste too much of your life.
I found this book to be extremely slow starting and confusing. You must be very careful when reading this book that you pay close attention to the dates and characters you are reading about.  This book flips from one person to another listing the dates and names of the characters in each chapter.  Many times I was going to stop reading the book but stuck with it.  It did improve after the first 100 pages or so.  I did finish the book, finally, but did enjoy parts of it.  The ending was not a surprise to me. Overall if you want a slow moving book in the beginning and gets better the more you read this book is it.
I eagerly waited to read what I thought would be an awesome mystery.  I flitted through most of the pages hoping it would get better and it did about 3/4 of the way through. Some of the plot seemed clunky and slow-moving.  I kept with it as I wanted to find out who the killer was even though I sort of figured it out not too far into the story. I don't know what all the hype is about this book and a lot of people compare it to Gone Girl.  I don't remember that book very well and I don't think this one will stay with me long either. You can skip this one and still not feel like you've missed out on wonderful read.
If Paula Hawkins set out to create unlikeable characters, she succeeded enormously.  The men are all dispicable; the women are all weak in that they let themselves be defined by a man.  They all cheat and lie.  Some are even evil.  I found some of the happenings a bit implausible.  What started out to be an entertaining, alcohol induced, tale turned into guts and gore.  Probably one of the most sexist novels I have ever read.  Also quite disappointing after all the media hype.  I should probablyclarify that, in my opinion, the characters being unlikeable often makes for an enjoyable read but not in this case.
I got sucked into reading this book the same way as someone would stop to look at a car accident.  I didn't want to do it, but I kept reading until I finished the entire book in one day!  I enjoyed reading the different perspectives written by each of the characters but the main character, Rachel, was extremely annoying and I disliked her immensely because of her alcoholism and the ridiculous decisions she makes throughout the book. This book reminded me of Gone Girl, which I did like until the terrible way that the author ended the book.  All, in all, it was a page turner but I wouldn't really recommend it.
For those that compare this with Gone Girl, this book is not as good.  I don't know why but current fiction seem to frequently depict females as needy, whiney, neurotic and males as selfish and violent.  Sure, there are people like that and that is probably what makes some books thrilling, but I just didn't care for the character portrayals in this book.  The first part of the book I was pretty disgusted with all the characters.  It only got a bit better towards the middle and end of the book.  If I really like a book I will read it more than once, this book, I would probably not a book I would read again.
Barely readable. An interesting plot is made boring by obviously flawed characters.
Engaging, particularly for the shifting first-person points of view.  The main protagonist makes the typical ridiculous choices you'll see in similar thrillers, but as a psychologically troubled alcoholic, they seem more plausible.  Her portions of the book are the most enjoyable, and the mystery seems like almost a vehicle to introduce us to Rachel, rather than the other way around.  I would kind of like to see her stumble and drink her way through another story.It's not a page-turner in the same way that Gone Girl is.  I don't think the comparisons are apt or fair.  It's good, not wonderful.
Despite the fact that there is not a single likeable character in the story, we all have our demons and I found myself able to identify on some small level with the main character. For me, the book did not deliver on it's potential of a taut mystery with a ""didn't see it coming"" ending; instead the story was a bit clunky, messy, and all over the place, much like the main character. The writing style, however, was enjoyable and I would enjoy reading a tighter, more inventive story from this author. Overall it was an okay read for a couple days while I was taking care of someone post-minor surgery.
While I did enjoy this novel quite a bit, I found the progression of the story itself to be a tad pondering and the plodding through several sections to come to revelations or actual development to the plot was a smidge tedious. The premise was interesting, the characters sharp, and the setting was all well and good, I just found it to be frustrating getting from one point to another, I suppose. Hawkins lays ample foreshadowing for guesses as to whom the true ""bad guy"" is here, but the false trails were equally as good and I would have really enjoyed any one of the options being the villain here.
So, I just finished this book. I have to say, it kept my attention for sure. I did like the alternating points of view, and the concept of a girl riding a train and observing lives from afar, and suddenly becoming involved in those lives was good. I sympathized with Rachel at first, but I soon became annoyed with her ridiculous behavior. Some of the characters were not as well-developed as they could be (Tom, Anna) and the ending felt very rushed and not in line with what I had come to know about the characters by that point. Good effort, needs some flushing out. A film, done right, would be interesting.
I had to restart this book twice and almost put it down.  You need to get a little over 10 percent in to get past the lulling roll of the train and into the action.  It becomes a search for lost memories and a lesson in the perils of alcohol and/or self-deception. A Marple of red herrings.  It is engrossing once the story starts and I finished the rest in a single day.  I gave it 3 stars because of the slow start - which I admit may be more punishment than rehabilitation - and the fact that it was seemed derivative and more than a bit precious.  Still it was a good genre read and I recommend it to you.
A disappointing mystery with three narrators, so the chapters switch from one point of view to another.  Irritating rather than clever or suspenseful.  Maybe I have read too many mysteries, and that's why I found this so wanting.  The last really good detective/mystery story I read was last week: Freedomland by Richard Price, so perhaps I am too harsh, but my empathy was not aroused for any of the three narrators, and I always felt I was reading a story rather than in the midst of it.  This was crafted and written in an average manner, with nothing to make it stand apart from the average mystery book.
Too long. Somewhat maudlin; maybe I should say self-indulgent.  Too long by half.
The novel was a bit disturbing on a number of levels, but did read it to the end.
I was a little disappointed with this book.  Started out great with the suspicious bundle of clothing spotted alongside the track but the book then started to drag, I felt.  Being a stalker and heavy drinker didn't help either.  We can all sympathize with a broken heart, especially one where the person has had the beloved taken away [in our eyes anyway] but this lass just went on and on and didn't actually let up until something drastic happened.  I suspected the plot but was happy with the ending actually.I felt the writing was good but just that it didn't connect enough for me.
This truly creepy book is enough of a page turner to make it a fast read.Spoiler alert if you haven't finished or started!It is told by alternating the 3 main female characters. But and this is a big but: in the first person in the present tense though events occur at different times and one of them is dead! There are books that use some contrivance to have the story told by a dead character but this is upfront at the beginning. This does not bother with that.I kept hoping there was a twist that would make the culprit other than the obvious one.Overall disappointing.
Didn't love it so much. Warning to those buying this, if you bought into comparisons that it was ""like Gone Girl."" If that comparison was meant to suggest that they were both mystery novels with twists and turns, I suppose that's fair, but then you'd have to say that Agatha Christie's novels were ""like Gone Girl.""Girl on the Train is a competent novel, but I'd stop short of saying it was good. Characters sometimes feel contrived, action frequently is absent or sinks into melodrama, and a number of questions remain unanswered or poorly answered by the novel's end.
If you like constantly going back and forth trying to remember what time period you're currently in, then this is the book for you!  It wasn't what I'd call a ""relaxing"" read.  Whenever I put the book down, when it came time to resume reading, I inevitably had to go back and figure out if I was currently in the ""present"", ""one year earlier"", or the past.  The story took forever to get really interesting.  I believe I was at 80% of the book when it got really suspenseful and interesting.  If I read one more instance of Rachel being pushed around, I was going to gag!
This is a perfectly decent thriller. The different viewpoints are refreshing and the short character chapters keep the book going at a good pace. The Maine character is a seemingly pathetic cliche, who must drink herself silly in order to make it through the day. Though, I must say, the writer has written her well to make me want to keep reading through such an obnoxious character. The ending is slightly anti-climactic, as you can start to see it coming a mile away (or at least I did. Maybe because I read too many thrillers). All in all, it's easy to read and a good way to pass the time.
Can I put 3.5 stars?I DID like this book. It's good. It pulls you in. It's entertaining and you feel for the main character.I was a little surprised at just how many positive reviews it received because the quality of the writing belonged more in the genre of pop culture quick fiction. Which, I guess that's exactly what that book is.As for the deeper subject matter of alcoholism it does a nice job of showing the reader who is unfamiliar with that struggle what it looks like inside the mind of a woman who ended up there slowly and as a result of grief.
Well written, was frustrated by the characters who continually made bad choices.
This was one of those books that is hard to review. All of the characters were horrible people, not a likable person in the bunch. But yet there were times I could not put it down, wondering what would  happen next.  Would I recommend it?  I'm not sure. It was different, but somewhat akin to Gone Girl. If you read that book, you will know what I mean about unlikable characters. A bit of a ""train wreck"" pun intended, several bad marriages, a drunk you just want to slap sometimes, mental abuse, it's got all that! If you like dysfunctional people, this book might just be for you.
I can't decide so gave it three stars.  I agree wholeheartedly with the ""I hate it one star"" people for all their same reasons.  I've noticed the Gillian Flynn approach to writing becoming more and more frequent and popular.  I call it the ""dare to write a book about despicable characters"" genre.  This book is no different...not one likable, believable character in the entire book...only dipsomaniacs, egomaniacs, sociopaths, narcissists and everything in between.  After 50 pages, I was amazed I went on to finish the book.  With Prime, it's free, so decide for yourself.
The story is interesting in the beginning but it sort of drags on too long. I felt myself getting tired of reading the same stuff over and over again. I also found it a bit confusing as the author goes back and forth with a chapter on one character and then the next chapter on another. Also, the times are confusing. I wasn't sure when she is talking about the present verses the past. The end does have a nice twist to it. I don't think I will read books by this author again knowing how she writes. Too bad because this book was highly recommended and I found it a little disappointing.
I bought this book thinking that it was going to be as dark and mysterious as Gone Girl like all the other reviews said. It is a page turner and you don't know what twists are going to be thrown in, but it doesn't have the sinister depth and complexity I was looking for. It reads like a very random journal by the three women and you try to piece the story together but the women are all so similar and you get confused, especially the main anatongonist she doesn't even know whats going on. All troubled and looking to the man for help and sympathy. It was okay, but not Gone Girl hype.
Honestly, I was led to believe by the tons of amazing reviews that this book would change my life. But sadly, it did not. I never felt connected to the main character and I found myself having to skip small sections in order to get to parts that I found interesting. It took me maybe halfway through to be interested in the ending, and when it did end, I felt it was sudden and didn't have much closure. However, I did rate it 3 stars, because the idea behind the book is great. I feel like with a little more tweaking, it could be great. I know many people who loved it, just not me.
When I rated this book, I waivered back and forth between 3 and 4 stars, on the one hand, the book keeps you guessing for a good long while and that is a good thing. But none of the characters are likeable, or even sympathetic. And while I am sure that is the author's choice, it would not be mine. Half way through the book I found myself wishing that it would just end. And while the ending was satisfying, it wasn't enough for the feeling that I was wasting my time for a good portion of this book.
I know this is billed as a psychological thriller.  I cannot understand its maintenance at number one on the best sellers list.  I found the first two thirds of the book slow, boring with totally unappealing women characters.  It was not until the last third of the book that it picked up in solving the murder, even if the characters, now including the men, were still ridiculous, unsympathetic and the murderer became clear way before the ending.  I only stuck it out because people I know told me how wonderful the book was.  Won't take their reading recommendations any more.
My book club read this book and I have to say that none of us really loved it.  We compared it a bit to Gone Girl, as it was so dark.  The biggest problem for us is that we didn't like any of the characters and so we really didn't care what happened to them.  I...and indeed we (book group)...felt the book was overrated. It has been on the Best Seller list for ages, so perhaps I expected too much.  I wasn't particularly impressed with the writing either.  It just wasn't my cup of tea, I guess.  It held my attention but I had the ending figured out in advance..  It was ok.
This novel as an audiobook was quite enjoyable, but I'll have to chalk that up to the three fantastic female narrators, for the pace of the story and the structure of the chapters becomes somewhat tedious. When I would switch to reading this through Kindle, I somewhat lost my interest. I felt that the story was a little too basic for my liking, but I did like the ""Hitchcockian"" undertones. In the end the plot became somewhat predictable, but it will keep you engaged enough to read through to the end. I thought that the length of this novel was perfect to tell this story.
Overall, I enjoyed reading this novel, but I'm not sure I understand the overwhelmingly excellent reviews.  This book is nothing  close to Gone Girl, and shouldn't be compared to Flynn.  I wanted to know how it ended and I was compelled to keep reading to find out. As a debut novel, I am definitely still interested in seeing what comes next.Unfortunately, there is room for improvement. In my opinion, there wasn't a lot of character development, which may have been by design as part of the mystery. but in the end, I didn't really care what happened to the characters
Some good points but also not so good issues.  This is a takeoff of ""Gone Girl"" but was difficult to follow in the beginning.  My big complain was that this mystery was full of holes that made it so unrealistic at times that I became frustrated.It was a page turner only because it was difficult to follow and only if one turns the page to the next chapter will they understand the last chapter.I like Paula Hawkins but she has to improve on the little issues that are unbelievable and I cannot say I did not enjoy certain aspects of this book.
I'm really surprised I didn't love this book. I started it on a flight home, basically highlighting every other quote, wanting to stay up all night after my late night flight and read more. Then somewhere towards 60% (Kindle reader) I realized that I wasn't enjoying the story, but just trying to get to the end. Boo. I wish I enjoyed reading it more, all of the hype around the book had me anticipating to do so. I think Hawkins writing is about average, her character development is above average. The story is interesting, it just didn't hold me after grabbing me, I guess.
Rachel is a hopeless wretch..straddling the rails of sanity. Her story is an endless ride, going back and forth between reality and stupor all because of her fascination with Tom, her ex husband. When a young women is murdered, Pathetic Rachel feels obligated to find out why. Which brings her right back on track..Why she drinks, why she doesn't trust herself. A lot of intrigue here..and of course, true feminism discourse...blame everything on the guy. This is an interesting book. Give the author a 5 for original plot. Rachel..Give her a 2 for making bad choices.
This is a decent book for the Kindle price of $6 or so, but I'm happy I did not spend more or I would've been very disappointed.  I wanted to see what the hype was all about and I do not believe it lived up to the hype.  Other reviewers had mentioned not liking any of the characters, & I completely agree.  I don't know if that was by design, but it didn't work for me.  It had some twists, but overall, I got bored with Rachel getting drunk, & both Megan & Anna hating their lives.  Rachel thinking with clarity at the very end seemed forced in an effort to end the book.
3.5 StarsI know I'm in the minority here but I just couldn't love this book. There isn't one character in this novel that I could like or connect with enough to make me want to stand up and cheer for them. I didn't care about any of them or what was going to happen to them except for maybe the baby that was in the story.Having said that the book was a very well written mystery. That part gets a 5 from me.If you liked Gone Girl (I did not care for it although I also thought the writing was great) you'll probably like this book too.
I did not care for this novel. It was hard to keep the characters time lines.
I heard so many positive things about this book that I just had to read it.  So I was somewhat disappointed in the slow beginning, but I kept telling myself that it would pick up.  I felt that it never did.  I never felt a real connection with most of the characters, mainly because they were not what they seemed to be.  The best thing about the book was learning that Rachel's problems stemmed from the relationship with her husband, which made me hopeful that she would be able to successfully start her life over.  Other than that, I thought the book was depressing.
3.5 rating this book was a page turner and it was very reminiscent of A Hithcocks Rear Window' I like it better than Gone Girl , the characters similar to the characters in Gone Girl....all pathetic and UN likeable' . This genre does not lead to up lifting thought regarding humanity--no waxing nostalgic regarding the depths of beauty within the human spirit! No no no it's good old fashion film noir and don't be surprised if you see the ungainly profile of SIR ALFRED HITCHCOCK as you close the last page (that you have stayed up till 3:00AM to finish)Happy Reading!)
I'll make this short, because I hate long boring reviews.  I really didn't understand all the hoopla over this book.  I bought it and read it in a couple of days. I wanted to get to the end...since it was a best seller, and be prepared to be blown away.  I wanted to finish it and say ""Wow...what an ending!""  Sadly, that didn't happen.  I had just finished the classic James Jones book, ""From Here To Eternity,"" so I figure my expectations were way too high.  I think it's going to make a better movie than it was a book.  That's rare...but it happens.
Wow, and I thought ""Gone Girl"" was disturbing; this one wins the prize! The main character is so dysfunctional that I can't tell if she was supposed to be certifiable or just delusional. In any case, I found it hard to stay with the plot because of that...but read it to the end, because there is, of course, a mystery that needs solving, and that pulled me along. I'm supposing that the ending was supposed to be a bit of a surprise, but my suspicions were well-developed enough by then to not really be all the surprised. Still, it's an entertaining read.
In the mood for a mystery, I dove into this pretty well-reviewed tale. Were it not for wanting to see if the killer was who I thought it was, I finished it. As a mystery, I found it wanting but, worse, as a story, it has an appalling number of shallow and seemingly stupid women. The men don't come off much better. One character, while naïve, was recognizable, even appealing. Another, a practicing alcoholic was so excessive in her commitment to being drunk daily I could just about smell the liquor. A good mystery balances on credibility. I found this had none.
An intriguing story line but a struggle to get through. I enjoy reading stream of consciousness, first person narrative but, not when every character is like that. Three women, three men all taking about her, she, me, we, us, he, him...skipping forward and backward in time with no point of reference other than a woman's name and a date at the beginning of a chapter. I found myself having to flip back to the beginning of a chapter to figure out who was talking and when things were happening. Read when rested, focused and with no distractions or interruptions.
Not that big a deal. Story felt like it could have been 10,000 or 20,000 words shorter. Too much of it felt like s t r e t c h i n g.Characters just fumbling around in a deliberately unclear story felt annoying to me.Depressed drunk stumbling around in unclear memories just got irritating.Best part of the story was trying figure out the various possible story lines, possible ways it would play out.The ending is one of the endings that will occur to you.-To be honest it's a mystery to me why this book is so popular.
The characters are under-developed and all seem to have a very similar voice. The use of changing point-of-view just does not really cut it in this book. Each character is fairly flat and about two thrids through the book, I was able to figure out ""who done it."" Or at least ""who probably done it."" I'm still glad I read it, to see what all the buzz is about, and to experience a serious writer's foray into contemporary fiction. This is not great literature; not a terribly deep story, and certainly not on par with Hitchkock thrillers. The writing is straightforward and this is a quick read; almost a page turner. Ok, I admit I turned the page rather quickly. I'd like to add that I'm rooting for Paula Hawkins as a fiction writer, in spite of my tepid review. She is smart and amazing. We will be seeing more great stuff from her.
What can I say about this book that is not already written? I had a very hard time finishing this book. Every night my book stand would tease me with other books I could be reading. But, I finished. Albeit with the itch of putting it down half way through and starting something else.This is a very predictable book. About 3/4 of the way through it's  revealed who the killer is and after that the book just starts withering away. There was nothing in the book that kept me reading it. The characters are not strong and the book itself is very unmemorable.
This is a good book for an airplane trip, or a day or three on the beach. On the good side, there are few characters and they arethoroughly explore. And they are almost equally horrible characters. Lots of bad things happen to almost all of them, mostly self inflictedand that was satisfying.  But basically this is a chick book and a soap opera. I was ashamed to be seen reading it. And I'm not achick and wouldn't  dream of watching a soap. That said I read it to the end and couldn't help finishing and liking it.I guess that's why I read it
that a plot-driven, page-turning yarn cannot also be well written? I admire so much about this book; the wonderful Rear Window premise, the unfolding of the narrative through three points of view, the episodic blackouts that contribute to the protagonist's (and the reader's) inability to sort fact from fiction. Ultimately, though, the novel suffers from a lack of attention to the writing itself - simple cliches, red herrings, characters who fail to maintain their own voices and crash into each other in some sort of ""sisterhood is powerful"" jingoism. Sigh.
This book was so over hyped.  I wanted to love it, but in the end it was just o.k.  There are many twist and turns, but in the end you are left with despicable characters.  The only characters that come out as worthy human beings are the flatmate Kathy and the baby.  This book has it all, alcoholism, adultery, and violence with a mystery in the background.  The characters becoming confusing because there are so many names.  It all does come together by the end.  It is not bad, but it isn't the blockbuster amazing novel, I have read so many reviews about.
This is a FIRST for me! I've never in my life read a book where I strongly DISLIKED EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE.The book is full of shallow, self serving narcissistic ""people"" and by the end, I just wanted all of them to CEASE.But...here's the thing...I read till the end. I couldn't just walk away from the book.  If/when Paula Hawkins writes another book, I'll read it. Only one more though...if her next book is full of disdainful characters I'm done.
I was so disappointed in the final quarter of this book. I would have rated 4 stars up until then.I was gripped from the moment I started, it was fast paced, the characters were well developed and I really was unsure what was going to happen.About 2/3 through things get weird and then the ending was just all just messy, and badly written. it lost all of its direction, and all these ""Secrets"" came out that had no relevance except to back up why the issue had occured. Lazy.Good for a holiday read but not great.
I have to say that this was more of a peer pressure read. After hearing about everyone reading this book, I finally gave in and purchased it. I have to say I was very disappointed and do not feel like it was worth the $7.00 I spent on it. I found the writing to be very hard to follow along with as it would jump between three different sets of people and then also completely different times. I finally found that I needed to stop worrying about the time and focus on the content. Really wish that I had been able to enjoy the book a little more than I did.
It's just an okay novel. It's creative on how to present the story, from three different first persons, but apart from it, it's one more thriller, very close to those written by Jessica Knoll (Luckiest Girl Alive) and Gillian Flynn (Gone Girl). Yes, maybe it's my fault to have read too many ""Girl"" titles in a very short time and I became a bit fed up.The narrative is well built but I strongly consider that the characters need more development. Sometimes I think the three protagonists are coming from another planet... I didn't buy them...
Expected more twists, darker mood, faster pace and more complex characters.
The plot was very exciting but some character development was not complete.
Somewhat predictable,  and the main character's lack of gumption is trying.
I almost ditched this book in the beginning. It was so dark, depressing, negative. (I like to use my E reader while on the treadmill at the gym. My books have to be engrossing or I can't finish my workout). I loved Gone Girl to which this book has been compared. Gone Girl had some joy and beauty.  The Girl on the Train was ~98% negative but saying that, I have to add that it was a good murder mystery. It ended up being a ""page turner"" and I finished it on the plane while traveling. If you can tolerate a lot of negativity, you will love this.
I only read these kinds of books when I'm traveling and don't want to dwell too much on in-depth prose with interesting and intelligent characters. The Girl on the Train is a light-weight read, formulaic, trendy and superficial. If one has read Gone Girl there is no need to read its duplication. I find that these books are written primarily to make money( Ms. Hawkins will be lucratively compensated when she negotiates the film rights) and secondarily to entertain, with these ingredients one shouldn't expect thought-provoking literature.
I read this book because it had gotten really good reviews.  I was a little disappointed because the book started out really slow and was very hard to get into.  Initially you are seeing things from the window of the train through Rachel's eyes. She is an alcoholic and has lost her job but continues to act like she is going to work everyday so her roommate will not know.  It was initially slow and boring.  The book does pick up in the middle and gets better toward the end.  I will admit that I did not figure out who the killer was until the end.
Good plot but no reasonable grounds for all the things that have happened.
This book is engaging, fun, and a fast read. I didn't see the end coming, which is good news in a thriller. And like all good thrillers, the characters unfold slowly; their full stories are not revealed until the very end. But rather than the gradual unveiling of unique, 3-dimensional characters, what we find is the perpetuation of thriller stereotypes. Women are weak, and weak willed, prone to alcoholism, and trapped by fear and self-loathing. Men are handsome, charming, violent, ruthless killers. Sure it's thrilling, but this trope is stale.
Overall, a good read. The plot and they way the book/chapters were formatted were interesting and kept me wanting to read in and figure out what happens. However, at times I found my myself simply wanting to continue reading not because I was enjoying the story, but more because I just wanted to know how it ended and ""who did it."" Being a fan of more complex writing styles and literary-type books this was not a book I'd normally read, however for those who enjoy a good mystery/drama with a primarily female-focused storyline, you may like this.
Remember the old saying (I can't) - something about if you are in a hole, stop digging.  Very frustrating that everyone in this book was furiously digging their hole deeper  As another viewer said, would not have been disappointed if they all jumped in front of a train.  I have to admit that I kept turning the pages - which should be the mark of a good book; however, I was disappointed.  And the ending was very hokey.  Oh well, another overhyped book, I think.  .
This book was a bit too unbelievable even for fiction. It follows the lives of three women and their love intrests who all live on the same block and get to know each other through very contried circumstances. The characters were somewhat compelling but not very likeable.  I certainly wouldn't want to befriend any of the three main characters Rachael, Megan, or Anna. I found I could not identify or sympathize too much with any of them. The author switches between characters telling the storyline bouncing from each point of view.  The male counterparts were not nice guys. I found myself asking why I was reading a book about people I didn't like who did horrible things to each other and so many people involved in the plots. Just happy I don't live on that block.
I'm giving up on reading best sellers.  While Girl On The Train was a page turner, it was not great literature. No real style to the authors writing. All stream-of-conscious.  No descriptive passages, just ""getting to the point""  .  All the characters are flawed and no real saving grace for any of them..Maybe this is just modern  literature, because I saw similarities in writing style with Gone Girl and Gold Finch.  The author did nail down what it's like to be an alcoholic.  I know because for 3 years I was married to one....
Honestly, I just bought this book to read it again because I borrowed it from a friend a while back, and I was so excited to dig in, which I did. I had seen all the hype surrounding it. But, honestly, I don't get the hype...at least not the first time around. I'm hoping I'll enjoy it more this time...I'm all about second chances. But, the characters aren't as developed as I wanted them to be and were predictable. It was a good book, just not as good as the hype suggests. But, here goes round two. I hope I find what I missed the first time.
Not sure what all the hype is about this book. It's a good cottage read. Nothing too deep or complicated.It's really just an old story retold - girl sees something she shouldn't, add in the red herring and, in the end, well, it's the same old story [don't want to be a spoiler.]As I read it, I couldn't help but feel it was specifically written to be a movie.Then, guess what?  I read it's going to be made into a movie. How clever the writer.Anyway, it was enjoyable enough but nothing to write home about.Happy reading.
Overall I enjoyed this read. It was quick and held my interest. However, I don't know if I would rate it as high as everyone who told me about the book rated it. Maybe there was too much hype around the story for me and being let down was inevitable. I didn't get invested in the characters and never had a doubt that it would all work out well in the end. I'm glad I read this story and would recommend it as a beach read. But it is not the type of book which will stick in my mind long after reading. In fact, I found it somewhat forgettable.
Avoided this book for awhile since the sample read was depressing. But finally read it and found it to be more depressing than the sample could ever cover. May be right up a lot of people's 'alley', but not mine. Author is very good at creating characters, just ones you love to hate or want to slap or maybe hospitalize in closet Mental Health Center. Ms. Hawkins creates a 'heroine' that is so obsessed and avoids Reality that she never gets my sympathy. All in all though, I expect Ms. Hawkins to write more books and might try the next one.
This is one of the few novels I've read where I didn't liKe any of the characters. I can feel sorry for Rachel, her situation, her background giving me a reason not to hate her, but I don't really like her. It's a bit of to read a novel where I can't think like any of the characters, especially written in first person like this novel is. However that it's what makes this book stand out to me. No one is ""a good person"" and fatally flawed in some way. I've given it only three stars because while I appreciate what the author did, I can't say I enjoyed the book.
Didn't finish, boring. Maybe it got better but I couldn't last that long.
Pretty good read, but I expected better after reading and hearing the hype about this book. I had figured out most of the ""who done it"" fairly early on. A bit dark for my taste, especially with the alcoholic problems the main character has, but that is probably intended. Set in London, it was interesting to read some of the descriptions of different areas of the city and the commute many people who work there experience.  All in all a good mystery with a surprise finish.  I gave it 3 stars; would have given it 3 1/2 if possible.
I think I'm one of the few who wasn't impressed. To have each chapter told from someone else's POV, each character needs to have a different ""voice"". All of the females in this story sound the same. You really had to make sure you knew exactly who's mind you were in at all time or you will be confused. Also, all of the characters had very generic names that made it very hard to distinguish who was who.With such great reviews and having not heard one bad thing, I was disappointed. Good intriguing story but generic characters.
Fun and easy read. I loved the way PH used an alcoholic as the heroine. The plot was interesting but I had it figured out half way thru. Also want to point out the fact that my original kindle barely showed the names of each of the three women at the top of each chapter. I got one third of the way thru the book and thought this doesn't make any sense. Then i saw the faint name over the chapter heading and looked back over the previous chapters and realized each chapter was from a different characters perspective.  So i had to restart.
I LOVED this book, until I got to the end.  The exposition and explanation of what really happened was presented in such a bad-movie villain fashion, as in ""This is what I did and this is how I did it!! bwahaha"" totally killed the book for me and left a bad taste in my mouth.  Maybe it bothered me so much because the rest of the book was so strong.  I read it in a day and was very much enjoying it until the big reveal.  Probably a good choice for a book club, there is a lot to talk about what you like and what you don't like.
Do your homework before you buy this novel.  I did not get beyond the first third or so as the plot and character simply did not capture my attention.  The novel is selling very well so my perspective may be well in the minority.  I expected to be immediately engaged in an active plot.  Instead, the portion of the novel i read seemed to be a stream of consciousness style of writing with a good deal of emotional feelings expressed about incompletely described events.  Perhaps the novel gathers steam and clarity in the latter portions.
I was a fan of the Gillian Flynn novels so I read this one because of all of the comparisons. It was such a let down. All the reviews that refer to the main character being unlikeable are completely true but more than that the problem was just the plot. I wasn't intrigued because I was too busy being annoyed. The climax isn't exciting because it feels completely out of no where and there just wasn't enough foreshadowing in my opinion. It could have been really great and I did enjoy the idea of the plot but overall it misses the mark.
Very good mystery plot, to be sure but completely despicable characters. I ended up loathing not only the main character and her weak, self loathing and the enjoyment she gets from wallowing in it but I despised the other feature characters as well. Scott turns out violent and cold, Anna is so pleased with herself and self concerned I'm amazed she's capable of loving a child at all and the only decent guy gets very little time in the story.I've never disliked a primary character as much as I disliked Rachel in this book.
The books starts out very well and pulls the reader in. I couldn't put it down. It proceeds along nicely until the plot starts to payoff. At that point it devolves into predictable melodrama. The characters become caricatures with silly, over dramatic dialogue that takes your out of the story.The resolution is pretty much by the numbers and not all that interesting. I kept getting the feeling that the author was scorned by a man and this was her way of getting back at him due to the silly way it plays out. I think a few more revisions and input by a good editor could have turned it into a good book, but it falls short. Its still worth a look, but lower your expectations.
For being as popular as it is, I was expecting it to be a little better.
If you enjoyed Gone Girl, movie or/and the book, you will like this too.
It was a good suspenseful read!  However the plot was a bit predictable.
I will say this book has a nice twist at the end, but I almost didn't finish the book. I've never read a book where NOT ONE single character is likeable. The story has five main characters: Rachel, Anna, Tom, Megan, and Scott.  Megan goes missing...but honestly, if all five went missing at the same time, that would have made the book more bearable. I could not sympathize with any characters and hoped they would all perish somewhere in the story. I will say Paula Hawkins at least makes the book worth finishing with a good ending.
The final quarter of the book was exciting. The author planted many red herrings so that you arrived slowly to the understanding of what had happened and who was guilty. All three women in the book, chapters narrated by each in turn, were weak, self-indulgent, neurotic and verging on alcoholism. The men were all cheaters with a violent streak. The first three quarters of the book took place primarily in the minds of these three women. A good plot and exciting ending do not make up for slogging through the first three quarters.
I would have put this down in the first couple of chapters, but it was the only book I had with me on a weekend trip.  I found the main character depressing.  I read it through to the end because I had to know if I had guessed it correctly which I had.  Her relationships with the other characters in the book were shallow and hard to understand.  The guy with red hair on the train just disappeared and was never explained along with what happened to her the night she couldn't remember.  Did not enjoy this book or the characters.
I don't think I've ever experienced such frustration with a book, but I'm sure anyone who has dealt closely with an alcoholic can say the same about the relationship. The only person I liked was Cathy, a [very] minor player. Rachel had me wanting to throw the book across the room, but I kept on reading. Anna, Megan, Scott and Tom appeared blind to the consequences of their actions. The characterizations remained relatively true; the plotting was uneven; the theme was . . . hell, what was the theme? Enough! Three stars is kind.
After all the media hoopla and comparisons with Gone Girl I was expecting something twisty and well paced. Instead, the protagonist,Rachael, who's been widely portrayed as an unreliable narrator is actually reliable and all the other characters are wildly unrelaible.The characters are wholly unsympathetic and one dimensional. There's really no surprise or tension-I had it figured out fairly early. But I have to say,not terrible for a first effort.Remember Gillian Flynn wrote two creepy and not very good books before Gone Girl.
Liked it, didn't love it.  It reminded me of Gone Girl. Rachel is a mess, an alcoholic sloppy mess. I thought she was a bit crazy, but her crazy fit with overall thrill of the novel.  Easy read, but it was slow at first for me.  I wanted Rachel to snap out of it.  She was annoying in her inability to get over her divorce. Megan was worse.  Seemingly has everything but past problems prevents her from ever being truly happy.  The other woman was stupid.  The book was a little predictable, but the thrill has there in the middle.
The author's writing was good.  The book itself was a bit frustrating the read, although the settings and format were consistent, so there was definite continuity.  The characters were a bunch of losers, especially the female ones.  Almost depressing.  And my initial thought was, why would anyone want to read this?  Why is it a best seller?  But, I held on and, of course, I figured out who the culprit was in the theme of the story ahead of time, and pushed myself to finish the book.  I will never read any of her books again.
A bit neurotic for my taste, but I'm not an alcoholic, so there's that.
Great ending but the rest of the book was a little slow and depressing.
Decent storyline, plain language and no foreshadowing or symbolism incorporated to make the story richer.  It was like listening to your friend talk about her friends.  The descriptions of the places and characters were short and unimaginative.  I read this after a Stephen King novel and it was like going from watching a cinematic masterpiece to a reality tv show.  It was okay to pass time but not a book I'll be recommending.  The characters lacked depth and conviction -- again like listening to your friend recount gossip.
It took a while to get into this book; I found it very depressing initially and put it aside, but picked it up again later and did finish it.While I certainly would not categorise ""The Girl on the Train"" as a must-read book, it is quite entertaining and does have a couple of suspenseful moments; I was quite surprised by the ending.  It is rather more a borrow from the library or a friend book, than must-buy to read again.  Having said that, it is probably not a bad way to spend a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Like reviews say, the character are unlikeable. But that did not make me dislike the book, it was very good. Not great, but a cut above mediocre. the best part for me, what makes it 3 stars over 2 is two things:1.  the story changes perspective among three female characters, and you learn a little more and a little more about what is going on from each2. the time frame jumps back and forth, future/past/future/past and that was cool, made it more interestingWithout the above it would have been just so-so.
This book is seriously overrated and don't understand how it has remained on the best seller list for so long!  I really dislike this sort of writing where authors use the narrators' use of drugs and alcohol and mental challenges in order to excuse all sorts of information withholding and misrepresentation in telling the story.  The conclusion was brought together in a somewhat convincing manner, but there was so much muddling and obfuscation that occurred leading up to that point that it was overall an off-putting read.
I had no expectations or information on the novel content when I bought it.  I kept reading it although I found it repetitive and slow at times.  The characters were well developed.  All were unlikeable.  I figured out the plot two thirds through but again kept reading.  I would compare it to Gone Girl which I read some time ago I found that a more interesting and faster paced read. But thinking about it there was a similarity to the style in which is was written may have been what made me less impressed with this novel.
I was really looking forward to reading this book and pre-ordered it. I was disappointed because there were a few chapters when I felt the story didn't progress. The narrator continues to think the same thoughts and the story doesn't build.That being said, it was not obvious to me how the story was going to turn out or who the ""bad guy"" was. It does draw you in and make you want to find out ""who done it"".Overall it was ok, but I recommend Gillian Flynn's Dark Places over this book.
The Girl on the Train fits into what I call ""junkfood literature"" - not gonna change your life, but it's a fun, easy read.  The writing is good.  The narration dragged along in some parts, but overall it held enough suspense to keep me basically hooked til the end.  Although it was entertaining and fresh, it was depressing and left me just, well . . . depressed.  If you don't mind that, give it a chance.  I won't count Paula Hawkins out for future books.  The ending even left a bit of room for a possible sequel.
I wanted more. I was able to figure out what was happening too early. I thought the book was over hyped. Not a bad read but I guess I wanted something with more depth and hooks. I get annoyed at books that jump from character and different points in time. There are better ways to build suspense and plot. Almost seems like a way to avoid writing a deeper and suspenseful novel. Just jump from character to character at random points in time to confuse the reader. I guess I better start working on my great American novel.
I read this book on my Kindle, and unfortunately, the chapters were headed in very light printing. I didn't notice the headings at first, and was very confused. When I finally realized that the order of events kept jumping forward and backward and from person to person, I figured it out (FINALLY!) Didn't mind reading chapters about each person, but the way the order of events was presented was not my favorite way to read a book. Other than that, I kind of liked it.....I think if I read it again, I will like it better!
I wish 2.5 stars was an option as 2= didn't like it and 3= okay. I was taken with how sad and pathetic the lead character, Rachel, was. But about half way through my patience wore thin for things to tighten up. Her behavior pattern grows tiresome, which perhaps was the author's attempt to present the frustration and fruitless of wanting an addict to change? Despite these complaints, I burned through this pretty quickly, at first from being taken with it, but in the end to just get it over with and move on. 2.5 stars.
Liked: suspense. I did like the twists of ""things aren't always what they seam"" from viewpoint of random stranger looking in from the train...then to discover that viewpoint isn't from ""just a random stranger.""Did not like: predictable in many ways. No real character development of the ""victim"" (Megan).Would recommend? Yes for quick, entertaining, not super thought provoking read. May not change your life but will distract for appropriate amount of time for ""good bang for buck"" entertainment.
For those that enjoy thriller/mystery/suspense novels, then this book is an ok read.  I'm glad that I was able to digitally download this book via my local library, because I don't think that it's worth paying for.  The author devotes way too much time portraying the main character ""Rachel"" as a downtrodden, drunken sad-sack and her daily life simply consists of drinking until she blacks out and riding the train into town each day.  The story really doesn't pick up until you're about 3/4 of the way through.
I really enjoyed the last third of the book:it was gripping and with a satisfying denouement. The middle third was pacy with some nice plot development and the story really begins to open out. But reading the first third I felt like I was treading through mud going round and round without getting anywhere. I know that the story hinges on the central character' s alcoholic binges and memory blackouts, but the early chapters are slow and repetitive and slow and repetitive. I am glad I persevered, but I nearly didn't.
I thought that this book was ok.  You knew enough information about the characters to feel like you 'understand' them but not enough to feel like you 'know' them.  The plot of the story was good, however, I feel like if this were to be made into a movie it would go directly to Lifetime.  It just didn't have enough depth for me.  It was worth the read but I won't be recommending it to anyone I know.  I would have given it 4 stars if it wasn't for the rave reviews...I think they set my hopes too high for this book.
I figured out who the murderer was as soon as the crime happened -- there just weren't many suspects to choose from.  So from the standpoint of suspense, there isn't a lot, because you know where things are going.  What I did like was the way the story was told, the three first-person narratives by the women, and how the writer plays with unreliable narration.  I also think the main character who suffers from blackouts was interesting.  Over all, the book is a quick read and pretty enjoyable.  Just no surprises.
This book was just ok. It introduces several storylines and characters that serve absolutely no purpose other than to try and confuse you and throw you off from guessing who the killer is, who turns out to be exactly who you thought it was from the start. I also do not like a book where the killer confesses all in the last few pages because he/she thinks they're going to get away with it, which is what happens here.  Very unrealistic. It was a quick read and Id recommend it to people telling them it was just ok.
The book was a very fast read.  But it is not well written and has kind of a trite story line.  If I were the publisher and it were my first effort, I probably wouldn't have bothered publishing it.  The good part was the fact that it could be read vert quickly and did keep your interest.  It certainly doesn't come anywhere near the caliber of writing of a Stephen King, a Harlen Coben, a John Sanford or a Jeffery Deaver. And it certainly should not be compared with ""Gone Girl"" which was written very well.
Didn't really like most of the characters. Rachel seemed to whine too much about her ex and her past life. I just wanted to shake herand tell her to get a grip. Megan and Anna were not likable and I wasn't thrilled in reading about them. And the men.. of course they were unlikable but I was fooled with Tom. I thought he was a pretty good guy at first. I thought the premise was good though. And I suppose it was a good description of an alcoholic but not fun to read. I didn't think it compared to Gone Girl.
I liked it that Ms. Hawkins was able to pace the novel in the same way that the Train in the title moved - starting fast, slowing down along the way, but then picking up speed.  The middle of the novel was incredibly slow for me, but it accelerated in the end.  I also understand why all the main women characters were somewhat similar and all the main men characters were similar - kept us guessing who the killer was, but I kept getting them mixed up, especially since the points of view changed with each chapter.
I really wanted to love this book but sadly only came out liking it enough. It really has a great story line but the main character is so obnoxiously overly pathetic (I don't want to sound mean but I'm fairly certain this was the goal of the author) I just couldn't deal with it. She gets it together, for the time being at least, for the last few pages. I wanted to take her out and replace her with someone that was somewhat reliable and relatable. Her character was taken a bit too far and took the book with it.
I though this was OK but not up to all the hype the book's received. It's not another Gone Girl, to which it's often compared and which I believe had more twists and better developed characters. But the concept was fascinating, as anyone who's ever looked out a train window and wondered about the lives of people living in houses near the tracks can appreciate. But I guessed the ""surprise"" about midway through, and I felt the story did drag in places. Nonetheless, it's a good beach read for this summer!
Extremely complicated to follow the first 25% or more b/c of dates used, ""morning,"" ""evening,"" and characters' names as chapter headings.  Didn't care for the way it was written at all.  Almost stopped reading it at that point.Then about 60% of the way thru I finally got interested.  About 80% of the way thru I figured the whole thing out.  Some suspense, but nowhere near that of Gone Girl.  I understand the high ratings some people have given but I guess I have higher expectations.
Although the setting  was contemporary and involves marriage and extra marital relations, the complications arising from the changing of characters' perspectives on an event involving proximity to the train requires close attention to the plot and patience.  I took several weeks to complete the book which normally I would finish much faster because of the fascination with the plot.  It had some of the elements of ""Gone Girl"" and so it will find a readership. The ending was unexpected and intriguiging.
I got so annoyed with the main character, her stupidity at times was SO annoying - I continued to read this book more out of curiosity. I did want to know what happened.  So the author did capture that for me. I didn't have any attachment to the main character and am unsure what the author was hoping to portray with this quirky, insecure, girl, whom you wished to shake at times - though I guess I've answered myself - it generated a reaction.Its a readable book, but not what I expected from this author.
I certainly did not like this book as much as most people seemed to. I tried to like it. The character of Rachel was too despicable for me to care about. The book was slow and repetitive. It told instead of showed, which I found annoying and boring. The last twenty percent kicked in and sped things up. I enjoyed the end. I'm not sorry I read the book, however, I am sorry that I read reviews first which made me set the bar so high.
I understand the creativeness of the storyline, but it was just not my type of writing.  I found myself avoiding reading it, but being a compulsive reader, I would not put it away for another book- I was bound and determined to finish it.Maybe I just couldn't focus on the names. For a while i mistakenly thought that Rachel was delusional and was actually Meagan and Ann.  I was confused- maybe because of the Jason and Jess thing...Anyway, I am glad I finished, but sort of wished I hadn't started.
I don't think I've ever been so tired of a character as I was of Rachel, the woman who road trains.  Her emotions ran the gamut from A to B - exhaustion, confusion, weakness. (Make that A to C.)  By the middle of the book, I wished someone would shake her.  And they did, regularly.The writing wasn't bad, the plotting wasn't bad, but there were no characters I sympathized with.  By the end, I was ready for the whole cast to disappear.If you read this book, be ready for an unbelievable conclusion.
Great story. Smart. Strong characters and great plot twists. But about half way through I found myself fatigued by the constant changes in characters. I started to lose track. Anna? Wait I thought she was Rachel. Who's Megan? Why is she with Tom? Whose house are we at now? The short sentences also got tired. Almost staccato. Also fatiguing. This might make a better screenplay. All that said, I enjoyed it. Quick and easy read.
Squandered a good premise and adequate opening with characters that were too similar, tough to differentiate at times. Made the mistake of jumping from character to character too quickly instead of establishing each and allowing the reader to get to know each. Realized too that part of the problem was lack of good physical description of each because the whole book is first person POV, just with the different characters. Meh.
It was okay.However, I won't go out of my way to recommend it.
I feel this book was hyped up by the media more than it deserved. It was a good summer read, but not anything that I would tell people that they had to read.  The characters were developed well, but the main character (Rachel) was actually becoming annoying to me. I felt that she wanted to play the victim and after a while I wanted to say just pull your big girl panties on and deal with it. I'm not disappointed that I read it I just would not say it was worth all the stars that it has been receiving.
Just not all it's hyped up to be!!!  Was a fast read and entertaining, but the ending was rushed.  I felt the dots could have been connected a little quicker along the way .... too much of the same same same in the storytelling.  Then BOOM ... the ending.  Over.  No explanation of what happened to several of the characters.  I felt like the author was leaving questions unanswered to leave room for a sequel, but I'm not interested in a sequel of this one.  It's a fun, quick summer read, but overrated.
This is a very well written book.  The author has a visceral style of writing that is quite gripping, appropriate for what turns out to be a murder mystery.  My problem with it is the unlikable characters!  None of the people seem fully realized.  They are all rather shallow and self centered.  I also got the impression that this author definitely doesn't like men in general.  I wouldn't want to give the story away and it is a good story, but the male characters are all rather thugish in a slick way.
Seemed disorganized.  I was well into the book before I was able to connect the characters to each other and to see how their individual stories were separate, then intertwined.  The conclusion was swift and in just a few pages wrapped up everything in a satisfactory way. Reading about Rachel was very disturbing and having her roommate forgive and help in such forgiving and self-sacrificing  way seemed unrealistic.  All the female characters were severely flawed.  The men seemed to be untrustworthy.
After reading the plot synopsis, I was excited at first to read The Girl on the Train. Once I started though, it seemed as if I read the same descriptions and the same dialogue over and over again. I get that it's called what it is and the protagonist does spend an inordinate amount of time not only on the train, but also rehashing, in an interior monologue, situations that she has experienced time and time and time again. I finished it but the ending was not only predictable but a disappointment.
I read the entirety of the book even though I could not connect with the main character. She was not a very likeable person, and if she hadn't been so nosey she would have saved herself a lot of trouble.  It did have some twists and turns and I didn't really expect the bad guy to be who he was. The writing of the book was good, I enjoyed the authors  ability to keep me guessing about what will happen next. Since this book is so hot right now and everyone else is reading it you should go ahead too.
Enjoyed reading it but at times became wordy and seemingly endless.
started out thinking it might be another Gone Girl, not even close!
I kept hearing about this book and was really looking forward to reading it.  I've not yet finished it as I've found it very hard to follow the story line, flips back and forth between present and past, and I have to keep going back to put the pieces together.  I think that, unfortunately, I am just reading it too late each evening and too tired to concentrate so I'm planning to start over when I go on vacation and can dedicate more rested reading time to it.  I'll update my opinion after that.
This book is good, but not great.  I don't have much to add to what has already been written.After reading reviews, I expected more. While it was certainly a page-turner, it was also predictable.  I don't find the comparisons to Gone Girl to be accurate. I greatly enjoyed Gone Girl, but this book didn't quite meet expectations.I purchased the book, and wish I had borrowed from my library.I will read subsequent novels from Hawkins, however, as I think she will hit her stride.
The rating of 3 stars for this book -- the beginning was very slow and a confusing until the author advanced the plot and defined the characters.  I found it somewhat predictable.  The train was a main character -- playing such a dominant role. Would there be a story without it? Some people read on the train, but Rachel let her mind wander and her imagination got her in trouble.Rachel was a perfect example of an alcoholic desperately needing help -- No one was truly happy in this story.
I love unreliable narrators. This one being an alcoholic adds that extra layer of the narrator not knowing herself how reliable she is, and when she lies to herself, you can see through it. On the downside, I felt like the big reveal was pretty obvious if you were paying attention and I prefer to be surprised. Also, there are two narrators and their voices were not distinctive enough from each other, so sometimes I forgot who was talking. I really wouldn't compare this to Gone Girl at all.
I felt that the combination of weddings were very interesting.  The ""man and wife"" changes created many different ""scenes"" in the  book.  I wrote them down, so that I could keep track of them while I was reading:Tom & Rachael,  Anna & Tom,Mac & MeganScott & Rachael  And the ending, for me WAS UNEXPECTED!  Our monthly Book Club discussion was today, and this was the book we discussed... AND the discussion was really interesting and GREAT!  Geri Rodin
It was OK...really not understanding what all the fuss is about.Upon conclusion of the book I just frowned and not in a good way.Everything that happens felt too convenient too me.  I did not think this was a twisty ending, but as someone else said, I felt cheated in a way because it is forced and comes out of nowhere.And the main character's actions at certain times are laughable and very contradictory.  I read a lot and love mysteries but this was not anything special.
This book has been praised as the next Gone Girl. A thriller so unique that made us both intrigued and uncomfortable. The Girl on the Train, is a great read. However it doesn't come close to Ms. Flynn's masterpiece. This is a well written and smartly plotted story that deserves to be praised for its cinematic views, intricate characters and beautiful prose by Ms. Hawkins. Let's see what she comes up next. I can't wait, I just hope that comparisons won't allow her work to stand on its own.
Did not like the book but was packaged with care. Overrated novel!
I felt like the author wrote it just to have it made into a movie.
The comparisons to Gillian Flynn's style are spot on, though Hawkins tries to up the ante by using three unreliable narrators and planting obvious seeds of doubt in just about every character, major and supporting. The book is well-written, but where Hawkins falls short is in making Rachel or any of the main characters likeable - or even relatable. It's hard to to remain riveted by a mystery in which the protagonist is so weak, that you just don't really care what happens to her at all.
I thought it was hard to get into. Once you got into it the plot was short and then it ended. I would recommend a physical copy of the book rather than kindle version because there are a lot of dates and different characters points of view. I had to keep going back and forth to remember who's point of view and if we were in a flashback or not. It would be a good book to read on a plane, during a road trip, or on a rainy weekend. It's best to not stop reading so you don't get confused.
I had heard mixed reviews ffrom friends about this book. But, one friend said that once she got into the story she enjoyed the book, so I gave it a try. I gave the story three stars - I was interested enough to see how everything was resolved but did not feel compelled to read until the end. I found the characters complicated (maybe because how the book is written) but very stereo-typical; cheaters, abusers and emotional wrecks.I would not look for new work by this author.
This book is just okay - I kind of felt dirty after reading it because the characters and mood of the book are so dreadful.  All of the women are pathetic, selfish weaklings and all of the men are violent, selfish hot-heads.  I finished just because it was a quick easy read and the plot does suck you in so that you want to know what happens, but there are so many other books out there to enjoy so much more.
I give this book three stars because the author used a unique way of telling her story.  Each character, alternately, laid out the plot from his/her point of view. It took a while to get used to that, as I felt the story moved too slowly most of the time; however, eventually it proved helpful in solving the ending before it was fully revealed.  Overall, the book was a bit dark and depressing, filled with characters who seemed enslaved by their circumstances...and without much hope.
I was excited to read a book compared to Gone Girl, but this novel drove me crazy with all the POV changes and going back and forth in time. I forced myself to finish it. None of the characters were appealing. I didn't like anybody and didn't care what happened to them. I'm glad it's over. The whole comparison to Gone Girl I suspect was a marketing ploy to get people to buy the book, and it worked because I did buy it, but I learned my lesson never to do that again. Fool me once...
It took a lot to get into this book. I got it on my Kindle, but had to gt the actual book from a friend in order to read it with the constant flipping between characters. I could not keep track of who said/observed what. It got good in the end of the book, but I found it a struggle to read. The funny thing is I picked this book for our book club. The discussion was better than I thought it would be but I cannot say I am a fan of this book. To compare it to Gone Girl is so far off.
Great characters, somewhat predictable outcome. The change from unreliable to reliable historian could have been explored in depth. The frank exploration of alchoholic blackouts was left a little too open for me. You don't just ""get better,"" and remember. The lies that go along with being an alchoholic are what you can change, I don't think your memories come back, nor does you're guilt go away. Spoiler!  Nice if the person you've hurt turns out to be the bad guy, however.
I was on a long a waiting list to get this book from the library since it was obviously a very popular book.  I didn't even know what it was about, but was surprised when I read it to find it so dark and disturbing.  There weren't any characters that I liked, so there wasn't really anyone I was routing for.  However, in spite of it being a story of violence, lies, and substance abuse, it was a well told story and there is some sense of redemption or at least resolution at the end.
My problem with this novel was that all of the characters are really messed up. Either by addictions, abuse, infidelity, broken marriages, unemployment etc. etc which dominate every step of the tedious journey toward knowing which one ultimately is the most messed up of all. I liked the structure of the book which is quite clever in its individual presentations of events as experienced by each of the characters.This was probably wmaintained my interest toward the end..
This is a story of a young woman's fight with alcohol and the means she uses to escape her demons. The story made me feel as thogh I was living her fears and sharing her vivid imagination. The tale become a tangled web of deception and lies but through it all our heroine finds redemption and resolves to start life anew in a different placeI enjoyed the writing, the story, and the different approach to solving an addiction and a need to feel worthy againGood story.. .
I love mysteries, but was disappointed in this one (perhaps because I had high expectations with all the 5 star reviews).  It's definitely not literary, but that's ok - I read just for entertainment sometimes.  From the early chapters, I could see the outline of the book so clearly in my head, and had figured out ""who done it"" very early on.  Ms. Hawkins had a good idea, and the book is ok, but I genuinely don't understand where all these 5 star reviews are coming from.
Interesting story but a number of elements seemed highly unlikely.  From the beginning, the characters were presented as highly dysfunctional. I suppose that was supposed to add to the mystery of identifying the person responsible for Jess' disappearance. As a reader, I felt that they all needed intense therapy. It was a very creative and clever plot that could have evolved more realistically. I would recommend you read it as many people have not been as bothered by psychology.
Rachel's decisions during her sober times, are atrocious at best.  She makes a string of bad decisions, and after two years is still very hung up on her ex, who is an equally terrible person.  Not one of the characters, except the roommate, Cathy, are remotely likable.  Each one is about the worst version of a person.  Ok, characters aside, the writing is very good.  The author keeps you interested and the story flows nicely.  It kept me interested, even if I did hate them all.
It is difficult not to feel sympathy for the central character, Rachel, who is a wronged wife, an infertile woman, whose ultimate torment is to witness Anna, her former husband Tom's lover, pregnant, as is clear every time Rachel passes the house visible from her train commute, as she sees Anna happily tending her roses at the end of the garden.You cannot help but feel the pain of Rachel when the combination of lost love and alcoholism is carried by this storyline.
I picked this book for my book club this month.  I had a hard time getting through the first half of it and had it not been my book, I probably would have given up on it.  However, it did get better and I think was interesting in the last third of it.  The reasons listed in other reviews are similar to mine in the character development and early on, a difficulty in switching between characters.  I can't say I wouldn't recommend it but I'd warn about the things I've mentioned.
I wonder if other kindle readers have the same frustration as I do reading a book like this on the Kindle. Each chapter has a date and year. I don't remember what the date was on the last chapter, and in order to find out, I have to first make note of where I am in the book, GO TO the beginning, then GO TO the table of contents and see what the last chapter was titled. Way to much work for me. Any suggestions?? Is there a place where books are rated to not read on a kindle?
I have heard so much positive buzz about TGOTT, but I could only get moderately invested in this London-based story.  Some reviewers have snobbishly poo-pooed it as being ""ok if you're one of those people who thought Gone Girl was a great book.""  I loved Gone Girl, but these characters never pulled me into their lives or their psyches the way Gillian Flynn's Amy and Nick did.  TGOTT was just okay for me.  I'm glad I bought the deeply discounted $6.99 Kindle version.
The heroine is sappy and predictable, and afforded little depth besides her trite ""daddy"" issues, unconditional romanticism of her dysfunctional marriage, and eye-roll inducing alcoholism. Still, she is not unlikeable as a companion for a day at the beach. The plot easily picks up from any distractions you may encounter. It reads like a summer flick, and the biggest element of this plodding mystery is what actors will play the leading roles. Cotton candy, summer reading.
So I liked the premise of this book, the idea of peeping toms is creepy but I can certainly understand trying to break up the monotony of daily commutes by creating a background for people you see in your travels. However, I was a little disappointed with the overall product. I would give it 3.5/ 5 stars overall. I thought that at least one character was left without closure. I also thought that not all of the characters were totally explored and the ending felt rushed.
I really don't know what all the hype was about on the release of this book.  The story relives one person's story timeline for a chapter, then repeats the same timeline for a different person.  The entire book is a back and forth repetition.  The storyline is a good one and could have been an excellent one; sans this annoyance.  It has twists and turns that the reader should like.  I am not saying I did not like the book bu merely stating it had so much more potential.
It could have been better, but then, I guess, It couldn't have. The overall drama was mild, sparking sporadic bits of interest over the second half. However, it's entertaining enough to actually finish the book. Being a male reader, I had a harder time relating with the various female perspectives throughout the novel. I've heard comparisons being made of this novel to Gone Girl. In my opinion, Gone Girl was more riveting, and most of all, more bold in its storytelling.
Rachel, at times you just want to shake her and cannot believe her stupidity. Her weakness is exasperating. But Hawkins weaves an engaging tale as we follow Rachel's quest to capture the fantasy life of Jason and Jess, the couple she sees on her daily train ride to the job she no longer has. Broken, drunk, often delusional, Rachel tries to replace all she had lost with this fantasy, only to have that crumble, too, slowly dissolving, revealing lies, deception and murder.
It was a good read, however I certainly wouldn't rate it among the best.; I'm somewhat surprised it hit the best seller list.  The characters struggle with emotional challenges complicated by alcohol and stress with the backdrop of a sudden murder.  As the title suggests, much of the action and assumptions are made from the main character perspective (what she thinks, fantasizes and witnesses from the train window). From my perspective the ending was very predictable.
This is a very depressing story and not one likable character .
I'm a big mystery reader and this wasn't a Wow for me.  I did like going back and forth getting the perspective from each character and I'm a sucker for wanting to see how things end.  But, I don't think I've read a book where I didn't like any of the characters and, while interested in who was the murderer, I didn't really care which character it was.  It could have been any of them.  I though they were a pitiful lot.  Wouldn't jump at another book from this author.  For the people who love it, I can't help wondering what kind of books they read.  Wish I hadn't spent the money on this one.
There were so many reviews touting the ""fabulousness"" of this book that I couldn't wait to read it myself. I was not impressed. Yes there were some plot twists, but nothing that kept me riveted. The main character was very difficult to like and I never saw redeeming qualities in anyone except herlong suffering roommate. I wasn't a fan of the characters in Gone Girl, I hated them by the end, but that book held my attention far better than The Girl on the Train.
I had to push myself to get into this book.  I couldn't relate to the characters, it was all very dark.  It almost took me until the end before I felt anything for the main character.  It was very well written from the aspect of not being able to put it down.  I needed to know what happened even though I wasn't thrilled with the characters.  It has been compared to ""Gone Girl"", but not a fair comparison I feel.It is a thriller that keeps your attention though.
An interesting tale of a woman who sees her old neighborhood from a train which she rides daily.  She observes an occurrence that sparks her imagination and adds to her drinking problem. The three narrators share things in common and one is kept guessing as to the perceptions and realities of each of them.  There is adultery and marital conflict and  mistakes in observations.  The resolution is interesting and although not unexpected, not entirely foreseen either..
I was bored throughout the first half. Got very tired of reading about an alcoholic that can't quit, just doesn't make good reading and nothing else in the plot developed fast enough to keep me engaged. Just as I planned to quit, it got interesting enough to stick with it. Ending not a big surprise, I got there before the characters did. Always glad to know what the fuss is about, but won't read it again. Got enough alcoholism and domestic violence in this reading.
This is a very well written and easy story to read. A page turning psychological thriller that builds steadily towards a satisfying conclusion where empowerment is discovered and self esteem returns. There seemed to be an unlikely hole in the plot where one of the protagonists is telling her story seconds before she's killed in a forest. That bothered me. The male characters are also a little one dimensional and predictable. Nevertheless a great read on the beach!
Each chapter in this book is written from the point of view of one of three different women.  Each chapter also has a date - and they aren't always in chronological order - as the author paints the story of what the girl on the train saw.  I enjoyed it enough to read the entire book, but not enough to recommend it to a friend.  The girl-on-the-train character is an alcoholic and I didn't really like her, so I think that's what caused me not to like the book more.
I read a few reviews before I bought this book. The reviewers were comparing this book to gone girl.  Let me first start out by saying, THIS IS NO GONE GIRL.  The story starts out so slow. I found myself not even caring about the main character, Rachel. She's so annoying and I wanted her to get to the point already!  But about two thirds into the book I figured out who the killer was and then I was just waiting for it to be revealed. The ending was decent though.
Not a happy go lucky king of book! A little far fetched but it is fiction! It reads pretty good and I read it quickly. It did keep my attention but I am not really into the gloom and doom stories! As far as the writing style..........I thought she did a good job with holding the reader's interest and making it just enough complicated to make you think about the characters and what will happen next. All in all.........not a bad book but not a great book either!!
I give this book 5 stars for being a very well crafted mystery but much less than that for the characters. The 3 lead women are all pathetic victims who are virtually nothing ( in their own minds) without their men. The 3 lead men are all sinister and untrustworthy, two of them extremely violent.Nothing complex about any of them and I found myself irritated by the stereotypes.I would not recommend this story that I bought for it's Goodreads honors.
I had a hard time getting through this book. I loved Gone Girl but the other books that I've read by Gillian Flynn left me annoyed with that writing style and voice. The Girl on the Train is just another version of that. The three characters that share their POV are identical in the way they think and speak. They're not very likable at all. The ending got a little better when the mystery starts to fall in place, but this was definitely not one of my favorites.
Don't understand the popularity of this book -- I could not feel much sympathy for the main character as she became involved in the disappearance of a woman whose life she had fantasized about when seeing her from the train. The author did a great job relating the details of her journeys  - the train was a major character and more likable.... Kept reading to see how the mystery is solved but was disappointed overall - maybe it will make a good movie someday.
I bought this book because it has been widely compared to Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl.  There are some similarities, especially the narration by different characters, and of course all is not what it seems.  The problem was it just wasn't as much fun as Gone Girl and there weren't as many surprises.  I had the ending figured out which is always disappointing when reading a thriller.
Much of this has been covered in other reviews, but the main problem I had was getting past how dislikable the main characters in this book are and how many stupid decisions they made.  As a murder mystery, it's not bad.  I've certainly read more predictable stories, so it's not any worse than a mediocre-to-good mystery.  I just wish it were a more pleasant and entertaining experience.  The less time spent with these people, the better... so read quickly.
Very depressing characters, made this story less enjoyable. The plot was ok, but  when you don't like the people the story doesn't matter. I have not read other reviews, but I understand this book is well thought of by many readers.  I read two or three books a week, so I am not looking for great literature.  I quit reading this book because it was so bad, but after being told it was well reviewed I tried again and revised my score up to three stars.
Reminded me of Gone Girl in terms of a murder mystery that has characters that aren't very likable and you're never quite sure what to believe. It was a bit of a page turner as I did want to know whodunit, but by the end I just wanted to slap the main woman character...she bugged me so much!  I will say it was an interesting glimpse into the power of alcoholism and how easy it can be slip into it, but still, by the end, I really had no sympathy for her.
I disliked the main character from the very beginning, and as I got to know the others, I realized I didn't care for or about any of the people in this book.  Everyone has flaws, but these characters were beyond inspiring empathy. I gave it 3 stars because the writer developed the characters fairly well and the story did unfold with some surprises, but I could not relate to anyone or see anything that made me want to root for a winner at the end.
Starts out promising enough but never really delivers ... the style, the formula if you will, and there is a formula at work here, very similar to Gone Girl.. I read it thru, it held my interest for the most part.. but it's not anything close to Hitchcock and certainly not worth all the hype.. oh those spin doctors.. have been at it again.The only character I really liked was Rachel's roommate, Cathy. She seemed like such a kind, patient, caring soul..
This was a very difficult book to get into and I quickly got discouraged. But wait, a little more than halfway through (reading it for Book Club) I found that it got easier and more interesting to read. Making sure you have the characters established at the beginning helps you delve into their problems and trials more easily. About 80% through the book, I found I had a hard time putting it down. Glad I finished it and suggested my daughter do the same!
its hard to really like a book fully when you don't really like the main character.  I understand she has problems- but I just could not really feel for her.  I really didn't care much for any of the main narrative voices nor the other characters.  It was an ok story, it held my attention enough to want to finish reading the book to find out how it ended, but I really did not like any of the characters.  I would not necessarily recommend it to anyone.
While I couldn't wait to sit down and read this book, I was somewhat disappointed !  Having been on the NY Times Bestseller's list for weeks on end, I expected more.  The story finally took off half way through the book.  I, like most readers, want to be ""grabbed"" right from the start, this was not one of those books.  Once into it, it finally got my attention and finished with a great ending.  For those who have patience I would recommend it.
I was really looking forward to reading this book since it had gotten so many high ratings. I'm sad to say I was somewhat disappointed. Without giving away to much of the story, I will just say be prepared to read the first half without much happening. It does become suspenseful the last quarter but for me that was too long . comparing it to Gone Girl or Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, both given four and a half or five stars, this does not measure up .
The first third of this book was monotonous, too much time spent on setting up the scene for the key players.  When it finally does swing into action, it moves right along with good characterization and lots of drama.  The element of surprise is nicely woven into the lives of people hoping to live the good, normal life of having friends, kids, and a safe environment.  This is not happening as all get caught up in selfish pursuits.  Satisfying ending.
I expected this storyline to be similar to Gone Girl, but it really wasn't. When reading, pay attention to the dates that are the subheadings for each section. If you don't, it could be confusing. The female characters all had some sort of emotional/mental issue, and the male characters were all suspects for me. I was a little disappointed in the climax of the story.... I expected something more unexpected. If you like a mystery, this is an ok read.
The story was unique and held your interest.  I just never felt like I could truly connect with the characters.  They just weren't that interesting.  Nothing really stood out that made you feel like you really knew them.  I am an avid reader and sometimes after just a short way in to a book I already feel like one of the characters could be my friend and I want to get to know them more.  These characters felt like they had no real substance to them.
Hawkins's writing is kind of amateurish, but the story itself is very compelling and suspenseful. I couldn't put it down. Pardon the cliché, but it's true; I couldn't wait until I could read it next. Rachel is a fascinating character, and the unpredictability of her self-destructive behavior is what drew me in the most. Fans of Gillian Flynn will enjoy this read, but prepare for a weaker writing style than Gone Girl or any other of Flynn's works.
I was excited to read this because I had heard so much positive feedback but for me it was just okay. I honestly didn't like any of the characters and it is important for me to at least like some of them or some parts of them. I also found it convoluted and difficult to follow at times. You have to pay special attention to the change in characters that are narrating and the dates. It was a good premise but it didn't hit it out of the park for me.
Although I enjoyed reading ""The Girl on the Train"" I did figure out the ending, but maybe I was supposed to. At least the suspense did not drag on and on. Interesting development of storyline through the perspective of the three women. I am grateful a friend told me to pay attention to which woman I was reading and the dates. Advise kept me from getting confused between them. All in all it was enjoyable, but did not live up to the hype.
Despite the fact that this novel is a ""Best Seller "" it was difficult for me to get engaged. Could not identify with with any of the characters and at the risk of making a biased comment, it may be a good ""women's "" book. As far as being a  mystery , it doesn't even come close to P.D.Lang's ""Original Sin "".I conclude that maybe it's a good ""chick"" book but it was a almost a waste of time for me.Robert
Great twist that I didn't see coming! I love Gillian Flynn so someone suggested this book to me. It definitely has a little bit of her style with the plot. I didn't really care for the charector that much. It got to the point I was kind of rolling my eyes, that I wished she would either just get it together or just completely go off the deep end... Just something. Not the same I blacked out again, oops I blacked out again. It got a little old.
I was really surprised at the high praise over this novel. I found it pretty disappointing, the author extremely focused on adultery relationships. The author is a journalist, yet the writing seemed very uneducated--some sentences were run-ons and difficult to sort out because o the rambling style of the narrative. There were times the story pulled me along and made me curious.  Clearly, many others liked this novel but it just wasn't for me.
I enjoyed the multi-dimensional use of the train in this novel.  (The title of the book, the character of Rachel who is the 'girl on the train' and the views created from the moving train.)  That being said I thought the characters were undeveloped and unrealistic.  Also, unlike others, I did not see a need to compare this book to Flynn's ""Gone Girl"".  Worth the read to resolve the mysteries, but for me it was okay rather than great.
Is it really a good mystery/suspense/thriller when you know ""Who dunnit"" right away? I think not. I don't want to say too much here but it's about a drunk who rides the train everyday and she watches people from the train and gets too involved with their life. She suffers from lots of black outs too thus adding to the confusion of the situation. A missing person turns to a murder and unfortunately you know who's the murderer too soon.
I did not like the characters in this book.  I found as the story progressed that I really did not care what happened to the entire unlikeable group.  I don't think the author built tension well and I was able to put the book down at any time for mundane tasks that I would ignore and put off for later if I were engaged in a good book.  It was refreshing to read a book that did not rely on gratuitous sex scenes to ""enhance"" the story.
Disappointed, after all the hype.  Not believable that the murdered girl should have her own chapter in which she describes her death.  The convention of alternating chapters where each of the three women describe  their lives did not amuse me.  I found it jerky and difficult to pay attention.  I only finished the novel because it was my book club's feature of the month.  Thin story and not of lasting value.  The three men were not likable.
The ""girl"" on the train is a very complex divorced woman who is an alcoholic who sees no consequences.  Rachel has no past, no future.  She exists purely in the moment.  She gets involved in the lives of strangers she sees each day from the train she rides into London from her home.  She has a big imagination that gets her into a lot of trouble.  The real characters and her interpretation as to their identity can get very confusing.
Plot-driven novels are fun, like chocolate cake and roller coasters.  I read this book on a Kindle, swiping through the pages addictively, forgetting to look up even though I was riding along the southern California coast on a sunny day.The charming thing about the book is the protagonist's growth along the way to solving the mystery.  She may make some horrid errors, but the reader pulls for her throughout the sometimes contrived journey.
After reading reviews of this book, I could hardly wait to get started on it. I must say I expected something in the league with GONE GIRL. I found it a fairly entertaining mystery but am not going around recommending it to fellow readers. I'm a stickler for determining why each character is in the book; as a result, the redheaded man seemed to serve little or no purpose except perhaps to make the reader consider him as a possible suspect.
I felt that this book dragged on a bit more than necessary.
Had trouble staying with it and deciphering the characters!
This book was well written, the characters keenly crafted and the plot devious. The whole storyline was so depressing and demoralizing that while I was curious to learn the outcome, the process was almost painful..not one character had enough redeeming qualities to find any trace of respect or dignity. I'd rather not know so many dreadful people so cannot recommend this to anyone who hopes to believe in the inherent goodness of humankind.
This was recommended by Amazon as I enjoyed Gone Girl. This novel is told by three people. Each chapter is by one of them. The ex-wife, Rachel; the new wife Anna; and the neighbor Megan.The story is good throughout, however the ending ended so quick. When confronted, the murderer immediately confessed and gave all the details of the crime. No real suspense at the end.Is a good book, just a horribly written ending.
Ok, I get that these types of books are really popular (the women in my book club loved it) but I don't know why. Yes, it was interesting at first, and definitely a page turner for a point, but the outcome was so pat and felt contrived to me. I wanted it to be more I interesting, and I wanted the characters to have more depth. I just don't think it's clever enough for an avid reader. Plus, I the lead character annoyed the hell out of me!
I struggled to maintain interest in this book. It picked up towards the end very rapidly. So you have to stick with it. Now I'm not a big fan of this kind of plot. I think a book needs to keep you interested throughout. I didn't get that here. But it was pretty well written and interesting. I'm not going to recommend this one. But I'm pretty picky so you decide for yourself. You will like the ending though, I pretty much guarantee that.
Although this book has gotten lots of fanfare, I didn't like it. I guess I didn't really want to get into the head of someone who is mentally ill - when it was fiction. I couldn't finish it. But lots of my friends thought it was great. I have a daughter with mental illness, so perhaps that's part of my reason. I'm fine with reading non-fiction first-person stories about his/her mental illness, but to contrive it just wasn't interesting.
This novel is the journal of a girl in England who commuted to London everyday.  Each way she watched people in their backyards and imagined what their lives might be like.  One day she saw something that struck her as odd.  Then she saw a notice in the news that she thought might be related to what she saw.  She became involved, only to be of help.  But oh dear!  The story is slow starting, but hang in there.  It becomes a page turner.
First, I should say that I prefer nonfiction and was curious about this book because I like trains!The author describes the scenes well--I could see this made into a thriller movie.However, for me a lot of it seemed too far fetched and dumb. At the end, I was so ready to get back to something real, like a good memoir--or even a historical novel! So I gave it 3 stars for its vividness of scenes and the character descriptions (but not their actions).
Reminiscent of Gone Girl. In a story with three primary female characters, it's sad that none are projected as confident, moral, strong or independent woman. One is alcohol dependent, one has mental health issues, and one takes pleasure in playing the role of ""mistress"" and stealing another woman's husband... Yet another book, authored by a female writer, that projects all the female characters as weak, deceitful, or troubled.
At first I couldn't put it down. Then, the more the story deepened the more it unraveled. And when the villain was revealed, we were treated to the cliche of him/her monologuing his/her exploits, explaining everything, which was a stark contrast to the subtle beginning that really pulled me in. The fact that I guessed the villain a little more than halfway in was fine, I just wished the big reveal had been more than unadorned confession.
Number two on the best seller's list, so naturally I had to read it.  I hate stories that jump back in forth in time trying to keep up with what day it is and who is talking.  The storyline was good; just not told very well.  All the characters in the book are morons, no one to actually like or care about what happens to them.  As like others, I had to keep reading just to see who did what, and I had it picked out from the beginning.
Lots of hype over a not particularly great book. Dark, depressing, and no real character development.  A cautionary tale for problem drinkers. Flynn just does it so much better. Really can't figure out why this book has been so successful. Yes, it's a debut novel and there's hope the author will evolve even if her characters didn't, but in a world where there are so many books and such a finite amount of time, this one is just so-so.
This book was recommended by a friend after I indicated that I was really enjoyed the book Gone Girl which kept me up until the wee hours of the morning to find out what happened next.  The first half of the book moves along a little slowly, setting up the intrigue in the second part of the book.  Although it kept interested enough to want to finish the book, I found that it plodded along at times and the ending wasn't a page turner.
This book was decent. It started way too slowly, picked up a little steam and then settled into its snail's pace. None of he characters were likeable and the payoff wasn't worth the laborious journey. I liken it to a mediocre episode of Law & Order, one where you pretty much know what's going to happen but you make yourself finish it just for closure's sake. If I had to compare it to a book I'd say it's the destitute man's Gone Girl.
Grammatical errors in kindle version somewhat distracting.
This was an average mystery. And a mystery you can pretty much see coming is not a great mystery. Being drunk isn't a great device, it's just a way to prolong the story line from moving faster because of her ""memory loss"". I think people were looking for the next Gone Girl because it hits a lot of the same notes, but it's definitely not as engrossing or twisty. Looking forward to the movie maybe they can fix some of the problems.
A female alcoholic daydreams made-up stories about the people in the houses visible from her seat on a train on her daily trip into London. When a woman goes missing from one of the houses, she thinks she knows what happened but her mind is kind of fuzzy. This book fits in the “Gone Girl” genre but it was all plot with no richness to the characters or social/cultural asides. Decent but soon forgotten. Bechdel test: Pass. Grade: B
A decent murder mystery book, but I've read better. The development of the characters were alright. I thought that the author forced the main chapter to do certain things that were just unrealistic and odd to get to the proper ending. It was a page turner and I didn't realize that I wasnt a fan until I finished the book. I would only recommend this book to people who read a lot other wise I don't think you will find it enjoyable.
I almost quit reading this book several times before I was even halfway through.  I found the plot very slow to develop, the main characters depressing, and the story line disjointed; but I dislike not finishing a book, so I marched on. About three quarters of the way through, the plot has a major twist and I was hooked with a glimpse of that twist and then another. By the time I was in the last chapters, I couldn't put it down!
I thought the book was just not bad.  But with respect to the movie casting, all three actresses mentioned seem just okay. Emily Blunt has been cast as Rachel. Who is as described in the book as fat, puffy and not that attractive. I'm concerned that Ms Blunt will not gain weight for the role. If that occurs, this will not help the movie and Ms Blunt will relegate herself as more of a movie star rather than an actress. We'll see.
A friend, whose recommendations are usually ""right on,"" missed on this one! Then again, any review is a personal reflection of ""likes and dislikes!"" The story was bland, lacking ""punch."" Of course, there were several bright spots as we should expect in a book listed on the NY Times Best list! In good conscience I could not recommend this book to serious readers: perhaps, a good ""beach chair"" read!
The book had alternating POVs  from three female characters. The other characters were really not developed at all. There was a mystery, which was good, but I really didn't care who did it. I didn't care because the three characters points of view were vindictive, shallow and constantly whining about this and that. The resolution was kind of vague for the main whiner, and in the words of Bob Dylan ""nothing was revealed"".
