STOP reading reviews...get this, read it....don't ruin it for yourself by reading too much about it.  Here's what you do need to know...if you can answer yes to any of these...then read it.1. love good writing?2. love characters that are real?3. love realistic suspense whereby you do not have to suspend disbelief to buy the story/plot line?4. ever been confused by your spouse or significant other?SOLDRead it!!  I've read this author's prior two novels and they were good.  This is fantastic!  Start with this one if you are new to Ms. Flynn.
It is interesting to me--but not surprising--that a tiny segment of this book's readers give it low marks. I detect two consistent themes in those reviews.Before I get to that, let me put in writing my FIRST reactions to this novel: creative and complex story, daring approach, flawless context, remarkably courageous personal insight, glib-witty-brutal-unflinching narrative.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book, even when it made me itchy and twitchy and feel uncomfortably exposed.And THAT brings me to the second theme in those negative reviews.  (I'll get to the first one in a moment).  Be assured, if you decide to read this book you're going to find little pieces of yourself and of people you know or care about woven through the cast of characters.  And it won't be the best pieces, either.  It will be the quirks and traits and harsh sentiments that all of us hope to keep hidden, not only from others but from ourselves, as well. Not everyone can look at that kind of naked emotion and see it as powerful, revelatory writing.  Some of us are going to find it uncomfortable enough to dislike the book and to find flimsy complaints on which to blame that dislike: characters, language, writing style. And some of us are going find it uncomfortable enough to dislike the book but recognize nonetheless that it is a riveting story told with skill, imagination, and intelligence, and therefore we have to go for criticism number one... the ending. And those are the criticisms that make the least sense to me. I can't imagine, after nearly 500 pages of wandering around in the skulls of these characters, what sort of happy or tragic or poetically just ending the critics might have anticipated. The end of the book (but certainly not the end of the story) is as natural and logical as all that leads us to it.  Granted, that's not very natural or logical for most of us, but it's what THESE characters would do; it's what they DESERVE.  And in that there is a sort of literary integrity.  It's not a Hurray! or a Yahoo! or a Gotcha! It's not TV.  It's a continuation of the lives these pathetically twisted people have knowingly, willingly, compulsively built for themselves. (Addendum: If you might choose to read this book, be aware that the dissenting comment below from gypsy03 is welcome and appreciated, but it IS a plot spoiler and NOT so labeled.  You might want to skip it.)
If there's one thing I've learned, it's that you can never know what goes on between two people behind closed doors.  Certainly that idea is at the heart of Gillian Flynn's third thriller, Gone Girl.  It's the story Nick and Amy Dunne.  Amy has disappeared on the fifth anniversary of their marriage.  There are signs of a struggle at the house.  Nick is sick with worry.The tale of what happened is relayed in alternating first-person he said/she said chapters.  Additional interest and suspense are created by the fact that the two narratives are not on the same timeline.  Nick's narrative is taking place in the present day and describes the police investigation into Amy's disappearance and the many surprising details that come to light in the wake of that event.  Amy's narrative is in the form of a diary written during the course of their courtship and marriage.  As time passes and Amy remains missing, her narrative is steadily moving towards the day of her disappearance.  There are plenty of shocking revelations that will come from her as well.The twist is that these are both unreliable narrators--and absolutely fascinating characters!  Nick, Amy, and the many supporting characters are terrifically well-drawn.  But plot is king here, and Gillian Flynn has constructed a top-notch page-turner.  There were twists, turns, surprises, and out and out jaw-droppers all along the way.  I couldn't put it down.  More than anything, I was just delighted with a mystery that didn't follow the conventional formulas.  The structure added real interest to the reading experience, and Flynn kept me guessing until the bitter end.  Bravo!
I loved this book. I will try not to repeat the same accolades from the other reviews: great characters, character-driven plot, clever use of point of view, the fun of unreliable narrators and unexpected twists.I have other aspects to praise:First, I want to rave about the language. The main-characters' voices are wonderfully vivid. The language is witty, figurative, and just plain fun. Flynn takes bad characters, and uses their ""badness"" to riff on the sounds of words, slang, funny and witty dialogue and wonderful figures of speech. The speech, like most well-written dialogue and first-person narration, distills (but does not mirror) real life, heightens it. The narration pulls us into the character's point of view.This book is a great surprise. I have started so many books where the writer proves they are not up to the job. For example, I started one suspense novel where a character felt afraid and the author wrote, ""like a knife cutting into the back of his throat."" Then 20 pages later another character got frightened and the author wrote, ""like a knife cutting..."" Finally, thirty pages later, another character got frightened and the author wrote the same simile. I closed the book and never read the author again.Many genre books (and a lot of literary books) are badly written (self-consciously, pretentiously, or just plain stupidly). At least 3/4 of all best sellers seem created in the ""produce lots of books, amp up the violent conflict, make lots of money"" mode. Or else the writers can't write and their reader's don't know the difference. Give them bread, circuses and fictional gun battles. ""Gone Girl"" is leagues beyond most genre (and literary) novels. I could not find any negative style examples from Gone Girl, and about 1,000 positive examples. No words are waisted in this book.The second point I want to mention is about the unusual ending. (I'm trying not to give anything away.) This type of ending is considered anathema in a number of how-to writing courses. In those courses, the characters are supposed to be sympathetic and triumph, or supposed to be evil and get severely punished. Throughout this novel, the characters do not pull the reader in by being sympathetic (the reader is pulled in by great writing, great story and fascinating characters, not an outpouring of sympathy), or let the readers rejoice when their evil brings stern justice. Good! It's a type of ending that Hitchcock wanted to direct, but it was forbidden (popular-taste-wise) in his time. Could we really be more sophisticated?Third point: The characters are so vivid that we can see our own foibles, egotism and insecurity in them, even when they are loathsome. This character development is a real accomplishment. The vivid characterization is what pulls us in, with some empathy, but not much sympathy.The popularity of this book gives me faith in readers. Maybe we are actually getting smarter (collectively). I hope that this sophisticated novel flies to the top of the best seller list, that we all read it, and that we start demanding books of this quality (in genre and literary fiction).
I'm a big fan of Gillian Flynn.  Love her writing, love the razor sharp wit, love the dark tone, love the flawed characters...heck, I love the profanity.  This is a great novel.  Smart, well-plotted, clever, and hugely entertaining.Flynn does so many things well and while many of the big twists were predictable in some cases, they were sprung at unexpected times and led the novel into different directions than I expected.  One big twist, that I was certain would be revealed at the end of the novel occurred half way through which proved far more interesting than the trajectory I thought she was on.While this is genre fiction, it is elevated in its commentary on the complex relationships that exist between men and women and children and their parents.  While it is first and foremost an entertaining thriller, there are unexpectedly astute observations on these pages.While I lavish this novel with praise, I have to qualify my enthusiasm by making it clear that not everyone will appreciate this novel.  In fact, some people will really hate it (evidenced by the significant number of 1 star ratings it has received).  My hope is that I can help you decide if you're going to love this novel or hate it.Ask yourself:  How do you feel about novels where the major characters are flawed and perhaps even unlikeable?  Are you a reader who needs characters you can ""root for?""  Is it important to you that you like a protagonist and that there a `good guy (or gal)' - a hero who will prevail in the end?  If so, this probably isn't the book for you.  On the other hand, if you like the lines between good and bad to be a little blurry, you like seriously flawed characters and you appreciate a novel that isn't afraid to be cynical and nasty, Gone Girl may be up your alley.The ending of this novel is another potential source of disappointment for some readers (although I loved the ending).  If you want a novel to deliver a satisfying feeling of justice served, you may want to avoid this novel.  The ending of Gone Girl, without giving too much away, is atypical of genre fiction.  It's the kind of ending that you might find in a literary novel that isn't compelled to placate readers expecting a prescribed outcome.This novel isn't going to appeal to everyone, but for those of us who appreciate a profanity laden, smart, well-written, cleverly plotted, dark, nasty suspense novel that manages to entertain as well provide social commentary on relationships and the roles we play it doesn't get much better than this.  4 ½ stars.
I couldn't put down ""Gone Girl"" by Gillian Flynn! I didn't know anything about the plot, I chose it based on the fact that I'd enjoyed her previous novels but this one really leaps to the top - her best ever. I predict that there will be a lot of conversational buzz brought on by the controversial themes and plot of this novel. I can't wait to participate in the discussion and hear other reader's take on it.But for now I'm going to be very careful in this review not to even HINT at any of the many twists and turns and secrets that are revealed in the course of this gripping novel. Many people don't mind being ""spoiled"" by a book or movie review but I do, so I'm going to concentrate on what I really liked about this character-study and how deftly Flynn reveals these people to us without revealing the plot. If you feel I've led you astray after you read the book you can come back here and tell me I was wrong in the comments. Fair enough?I found this story, so well told from alternating the perspectives of Nick and Amy, a young married couple, to be a powerful and thought-provoking message about marriage in general and women's lives specifically. Flynn is unstinting in her portrait of a marriage between two people who are fundamentally flawed in exactly the way to be toxic to each other. Each of their perspectives is a harsh character study that can be broadened to cover men and women that we know, that we ARE. There are some very uncomfortable truths spoken here. A particularly gripping passage ruthlessly describes how often women pretend to be a certain ""type"" to attract a man, betraying our ""real selves"" (which eventually and inevitable emerge).  Flynn's character says she accomplishes this adaptation to being a ""Cool Girl"" by not thinking past the first step of anything. Just have fun! Don't think about the calories in that beer he enjoys seeing you guzzle, don't think about the misogyny in the movie he wanted to see, don't wonder about the future!  Who can't relate to a time we tried to change our true self to be attractive to someone else?Flynn, through her characters, also explores the different life-experiences that beautiful women have from plain ones, and how the mere act of aging makes women gradually become invisible and marginalized. Again, uncomfortable truths that are nevertheless relatable. She shines a harsh light on current culture, talking about daytime television commercials alternating between cleaning and feminine hygiene products which, she avers, somehow suggests that women's main activities are to ""clean and bleed"". A unique perspective. There is even a character who is the spitting image of Nancy Grace.Now, I can hear in my head the feminist criticism this novel opens itself up for, but I can't discuss any of it without giving away a plot twist that I enjoyed being surprised by. So we'll have to hash those arguments out in the comment section, too.I will say that, in my opinion, Nick's character isn't as deep or fleshed out as skillfully as Amy's. It could be because Flynn is a female, but I think it's more likely because Nick is intended to represent a lot of guys.( I didn't say EVERY GUY!) But he does represent a large number of men with similar attitudes and characteristics.  We all know a lot of Nicks, but we probably know only one Amy.In short, the novel explores the hurt we humans can inflict on each other and on ourselves, either in direct harm or from the bad choices we make after being hurt. There are some Very Bad Choices made in this novel and I'm somewhat chagrined to say that even as I was abhorred by some of them, at the same time I understood the motivation, and maybe got a little guilty pleasure out of the fantasy. I'll blame Gillian Flynn's skillful writing for catching me up in the Nick and Amy dance so thoroughly. I didn't want this story to end at the same time I couldn't wait to find out how it ended!
I envy those of you who haven't yet had the fun of reading this wonderfully entertaining and original novel.""Gone Girl"" is the kind of book that compels you to read even when you DON'T have time.  If you appreciate skillful writing, it will hook you like an addiction.  You will resent distractions, ignore the phone, postpone making dinner in order to stay with it.  It's that much fun to read, I promise.Warning:  it is not for the reader easily put off by the dark side of human nature, or sinister characters, or vulgar language.***SPOILERS about the endingI am adding a few thoughts to my original review since I want to defend Gillian Flynn's choice of endings for ""Gone Girl.""  The complaints about it, and the one-star reviewers who ""LOVE the book up until the ending,"" make me want to rush to its defense, since I think it is so chilling and so appropriate for what has come before.There is a reason, even more powerful than the baby, that Nick remains with Amy.  He NEEDS her, as perverse as that may be (and I agree that it IS perverse). He loves who he is when he is with her!  She controls him and he ultimately complies because she makes him feel like the man he WANTS to be:  Cool Nick.To me, the beauty of the ending is that it IS open-ended and subject to conjecture.  It makes perfect and brilliant sense.  The author doesn't stoop to a Hollywood ""tie it up in a neat little knot"" conclusion; what she has chosen to do is far, far more sophisticated.  The evil and horror are still out there, going on and on in an ultimate deception. The novel purposefully leaves questions unanswered so that the reader must THINK about it and wonder:  What will ultimately happen to Nick and Amy and their baby?  Is Nick buying time because of the new life coming?  Will he change and do the right thing? Or is he so needful of the artificial roles they are playing that he cannot escape?There are many possibilities. This conclusion steps the novel up to a new level of horror, and I love it this way.What a complex and horrific commentary on the choices people might make in toxic relationships. There are levels of depth here that transcend the ordinary thriller.This chilling, Hitchcock-like noirish ending has many precedents in great literature.  Off the top of my head I can think of several other wonderful novels with ambiguous endings.  ""The Sense of an Ending,"" (by Julian Barnes), winner of the 2011 Man Booker prize, will keep you wondering about its conclusion for a long time.-""Gone with the Wind"" - remember ""Tomorrow is another day""?  But what about Rhett and Scarlett ?!?-""Atonement"" has a mind-blowing ending which negates much of what comes before - but it is extraordinarily beautiful.-""Rosemary's Baby,"" which sold over 4 million copies - talk about a chililng ending where nothing is resolved, but the evil is just beginning!-""The French Lieutenant's Woman"" by John Fowles - on Time Magazine's list of the 100 best novels of the century.  It has THREE endings, and the reader is left to  choose!  Would today's readers accept that or would they nail Fowles with nasty reviews?Then there is the hugely popular (and Oscar nominated) movie ""Body Heat,"" in which Kathleen Turner gets away with all that Amy does, and more....and the only resolution is that she's shown in the last frame sipping a drink on a tropical beach.  Really terrific movie!I've only scratched the surface, but I think it's pretty safe to say that many great works of literature and film could not claim to have a tidy resolution in the end. I personally love a book that makes me think...I love ambiguity because it shows the author respects the reader and counts on him to use his intellect to ponder the situation at the novel's conclusion. I think ""Gone Girl"" is just that kind of clever, intelligent challenge of a book.  It is original and thought-provoking, a plot-twisting ride by a marvelously skilled writer.
YOU WILL REALLY LIKE THIS BOOK IF...1. You appreciate literature as an artform in which we learn about ourselves.2. You don't need to like all of the characters in order to like a book.3. You don't need a book to end the way YOU think it should.4. You enjoy a unique story and witty, clever and smart writing.
1. I thought this book was cleverly written.2. I didn't see the twist coming, because I was looking for the other obvious twist. (I usually try not to think ahead of the story).3. I love reading about unlikable people.4. The ending was appropriate, so appropriate. They both get what they deserve. It was anti-climatic in a sense, but that's OK. The whole book starts being a giant climax about half way through.5. Reading the negative reviews, I can't get a handle on why people didn't like it. They complain about phrases they didn't like or the fact that they are unlikable people. Of course, they're not likable (that's the point). They complain about a supporting character's name...her name!!! How overly picky do you have to be to give a book a one star rating, because a supporting character's nickname is ""Go""?6. I feel that the people that aren't able to present a decent reason for not liking this book are upset that there wasn't a ""friend"" for them. People need a hero (flawed or not). This book has no hero and no happy ending.7. This book was about the personalities that are created when people are concerned more with what people think about them than who they truly are, a major problem in modern life.
Nothing I say will describe the journey you are about to take in reading this cleverly structured story. It is anything but a formulaic plot. Great writing, well-developed real characters. Everyone can relate to many aspects of this couple's relationship. But, hopefully not everything. They take it to a new level of complication. Hyperbole? Yes. I'm left with a conflicted reaction about these two people. That's good.After you've read it, this is my final thought. For all of you who hated the ending- Spoiler Comment!!!Spoiler Comment: The ending was an extension of this book's brilliance. It was consistent with the characters' dynamic and sick dance. He felt trapped by her escalating psychosis and had to keep her close to protect himself and his loved ones; she needed to stay ahead of her own mind games by keeping him as a possession. One of them will end up killing the other.Carol Colitti Levinethesidetrek
I am an author and don't have much time for reading...Gone Girl a major exception.  Deep and unique descriptions, characters with depth, seamless plot twists.  I finished the book in two days, key word is finished as I don't find many books that draw me in as Gone Girl.
So, I read the premise of _Gone Girl_ a long time ago and remembered it. Eventually I bought the book because the word of mouth was so good, but as I read it I was about half way through and wondering what the fuss was about. Her prose is very polished, her characters tight and relatable, but I was kind of creeping through it, rating it as just a middle of the road mystery. Then I hit the half-way point and she upended the table on me.Damn. Well played Flynn.I recommend this book to just about everyone, writers, readers, married people and any combination. This is a wonderful work of fiction, of philosophy, and worth every adult readers’ time. GG hits every target; excellent narrative choices, plot, creative characterization and tension. Whether you want to be entertained, you want to think about what matters or you want to be a better writer, this book is very, very high on my list.I can’t imagine she won’t be pressed for more and I can imagine how she might approach it. If she could keep the high wire act going she could have one of the great character study/cat mouse games of the 21st century.No clue how the movie is going to execute on the source but the casting is perfect and Flynn is doing the screenplay.Fingers crossed that the magic keeps coming.
Many times I wanted to put this book down, to turn away from it, as it is a very dark and psychological thriller about a ""psycho b****"".Gillian Flynn must be a psychologist, a writer, a police officer and a defense lawyer all rolled into one.She manages to create a story articulating extremely toxic people and the influences that our current ""trial by media"" have on criminal investigations with a scary thriller in 415 unforgettable pages.This book is a roller coaster ride that does not let you off, even when you've had enough.See for yourself.Amazing Amy and Naughty Nick will live on, I'm sure, in books to come.
While most reviewers deconstruct this tale as the insights of a marriage gone wrong, this is a story far beyond this wayfarers premise.Simply put, this is the story of a man who comes home to a ransacked house with details that also allude to the (kidnapping? murder?) disappearance of his wife. Detectives and the missing occupants' parents descend to help with the investigation, all of which coincides with a trail of telltale clues of the husbands deceit and motive for the crime.Then, something happens that you as a reader may have never experienced. Halfway through the novel, every thing you've learned is revealed to be a lie, every truth you've swore to be gospel is turned upside down and insights into this small world of characters implodes.These twists command the readers attention, making for a novelic read like one you've never experienced. Literally, until the last revelation in the final pages, the twists never stop and are unseen (despite PLENTY of foreshadowing, regardless of the claims of some negative posts)Make no mistake, you won't find an unstable marriage anywhere else like the one between Amy and Nick in ""Gone Girl,"" but this isn't the standout of the novel. As many reviewers pushed, this isn't about a damaged marriage, but how human chameleons exist among us.
Without a doubt, GONE GIRL is one of the best books I have read in the past year.  Surprisingly, it was not until I looked up the Gillian Flynn's previous works that I realized I had read SHARP OBJECTS, a book I really thought was quite ridiculous.  Ms. Flynn has come a long way in her writing ability.Told in three sections with alternating chapters, GONE GIRL tells the story of married couple Nick and Amy Dunne.  To say that there are problems in this marriage would be an extreme understatement.  There is a great deal of, oh, let's call it, mind screwing going on here.  In the first section, you love Amy and hate Nick, in the second section, that's reversed.  Both Amy and Nick really do not know each other and, like the reader, are desperately trying to figure each other out.  As the story progresses, you suddenly begin to realize that there is more than just a little dysfunction going on in this marriage.Some may not like the third and last section of this book, but I honestly cannot see how this story could end any other way.  Flynn has written a clever, witty and deeply disturbing story that will not disappoint.
I have not reviewed a book in what feels like years and years.  However, I just completed `Gone Girl' last evening and already found myself, in a bookshop, recommending it to someone.This is an engrossing, well-written read with enough twists and turns to give one whiplash.I am not going to go over the plot, in detail, since so many reviewers have already done so.  Suffice it to say that a husband [Nick] is found to be a suspect in his wife's disappearance.  The reader meets the wife [Amy] through her diary entries.This is how I based my 5 star review:Prose:  This is written with care and clarity.  The characters are extremely well defined.  At times, the pacing of the prose is melodic.  There are certain passages that carry a specific beat, a tone, a rhythm of their own.Dialogue:  I enjoyed Ms. Flynn's flare for dialogue.  At times, it seemed crisp, and this is something I always like.Plot:  It does make one wonder just how much a person may believe he/she knows another person.  It may also reduce the rate of new marriages.  In many ways, this might be viewed as a `he said/she said' plotline.  A wife is missing, there are signs of a struggle, and the husband doesn't have an alibi.Dysfunction:  It brings a new meaning to dysfunctional relationships.  This not only applies to marriage relationships but to parent-child relationships.""Gone Girl' provided great company, and this is often one of the things that I look for in a book.  It allowed me an escape, an almost `time out,' and I much appreciated this aspect of the book especially at this particular time.It would be dishonest of me if I didn't share that I thought this mystery/thriller to be, at times, great fun.
Gone Girl is a remarkable novel written by one talented author.The novel takes us into the minds of Nick and Amy Dunne. A bright, energtic couple, facing major headwinds. While this may begin like the usual story of a marriage gone bad--it isn't.Not in the least.Written in first person, I had trouble getting into the narrative, but it only lasted the first few chapters. After that, I was hooked. Not only can Gillian Flynn write, she has the ability to mirror things down to the finest detail while never leaving the reader bored.We know Amy through diary entries. Nick as he journals. Nick and Amy are writers--both unemployed. After losing their New York positions, they head back to Nick's hometown in Missouri to care for his dying mother and father.Amy is THE Amy from the Amazing Amy books, written and made famous by her mother and father, Rand and Marybeth Elliot. Amy grew up in New York, spoiled and rich, before meeting Nick and falling in love. Times change, the Amazing Amy books are not so popular. Rand and Marybeth need the money they have in  trust for Amy.Unemployed and broke, Amy and Nick's marrige is falling apart. One year after arriving in Missouri, on Nick and Amy's five-year anniversary, Amy disappears.Is she dead?Kidnapped?Murdered?Each anniversary, Amy leaves written clues for Nick to discover his gift. The notes consist of moments of import over the past year. Nick has always had trouble deciphering the clues, but now, Nick is the primary suspect and he MUST discover the meaning behind the clues she's left.Eventually, even the reader begins to wonder if Nick is guilty.To tell you anything else would ruin the adventure. What I can say is, I couldn't put the book down. Gone Girl never leaves you bored, is expertly written, and engaging. I loved it.Warning: Contains explicit language.Disclaimer: Advanced Reader's Edition
I've read a lot of thrillers in my life...and I've read a lot of books with unreliable narrators in my life.  But I can honestly say that I have NEVER read a book like ""Gone Girl"" in my life.  This book messes with the reader's head in a most interesting and addictive way.  (Let me say here that before I even finished this book, I ordered another one of Flynn's books.)Amy and Nick Dunne are completely fascinating and wildly unnerving characters.  Though the plot of their story dances up to the line of seeming too contrived at times - it never crosses it.  Flynn makes this story work because she's created such unique and amazingly enough, believable characters.  Reading about these people, this marriage, is like trying to make one's way though a fun house maze of mirrors.  Every time you think you know the way out, you walk straight into a wall.When Amy and Nick meet - it seems magical.  ""Click.  You just know each other.  All of a sudden you see reading in bed and waffles on Sunday and laughing at nothing and his mouth on yours.  And it's so far beyond fine that you know you can never go back to fine.  That fast.  You think: Oh, here is the rest of my life.  It's finally arrived.""After five years of marriage pass, things are more than a bit different.  ""When she spied me lurking there in grubby boxers, my hair in full Heat Miser spike, she leaned against the kitchen counter and said, ""Well, hello, handsome.""  Bile and dread inched up my throat.  I thought to myself: Okay, go.""But turns out?  Almost nothing the reader reads in the first third of the book is true.  Well, I can't say that.  It's true to a point, except when one of the characters clearly admits lying to the reader.  And then there are lies within lies...and twists upon twists.  As Amy explains, ""Don't fret, we'll sort this out: the true and the not true and the might as well be true.""It is often said that no one really knows what goes on within a marriage except the two people involved in it.  In this case, these two people don't even really know.This book is a mix of lies, truths, half truths and fabrications.  Amy and Nick Dunne aren't very honest to the reader, and even less so to themselves.  But it's less confusing than intriguing...less far-fetched than fascinating.I had to put it down a few times to try and wrap my head around what was going on, but when I had to put it down for a final time, it was with dismay.I can only hope the Gillian Flynn book I ordered arrives soon.
A previous reviewer made mention of the saying ""the mask, given time, comes to be the face itself"".  However, in the context of this book, the two main characters knowingly maintain their charade and their knowledge of each other's real selves, fully aware that their marriage is one big masquerade.We, as readers, are strung along whichever story line Nick and Amy (the main characters) wish to divulge.  This is the main strength of Flynn's writing.  Because for each story line to feel solid, real and authentic, the writer would have had to plot out every single possible consequence, and retrofit it into the story and its timeline.  Flynn is a master of this, and makes her a scary person in real life (pun intended, meant as a credit to her attention to detail).This book makes me hate worldliness (which I define as ""world, love me!"") and how it permeates relationships.  This book makes me hate selfishness, and the desire to protect one's image, reputation, and stories, no matter the cost.On the other hand, this book makes me appreciate living a life of truth, a life that Christianity espouses, despite criticism from the more learned people.  A simple life, lived in truth, within means, with constant forgiveness and attempt to change, is more worthy of emulation, than any successful masquerade.Excellent writing - and subject matter for essays, debates, discussions, and book clubs.  Recommended for reflection, but make sure that you have a good grip of your own convictions as a person.  Proceed with caution.
There has been a huge split in how Gillian ended the book but I LOVED IT.I know it was great because a month later I'm still thinking about it. Sometimes life doesn't end with a perfect bow but the journey is so worth it and in this case it is as well. It was a brilliantly written well crafted story of a very broken couple. Flynn's First two books were brilliant and this MAY even be better. Bless you Gillian Flynn for proving that Stephanie Meyer is not the standard female writers aspire too. And that woman can write without being reminded on every page that it is obviously a woman writing it. Gillian Flynn is an Author not a female writer.
Gillian Flynn is maturing as a writer, and this book is proof. I would have been happy had she kept going with the nauseatingly violent mysteries, but this novel is so much more sophisticated and is by far her best! There is much to discuss here, from gender imbalances and assumptions about relationships, especially marriage, to self-mythologizing. I noticed one 1-star reviewer complaining that this was ""poor writing"" -- I'd love to see a single example?? Yes, there is swearing and sexual language -- but this writing is finely, carefully crafted. She doesn't make a single misstep, not in plot, nor style, nor grammar. Most of the low reviews also say that the ending is abrupt and/or disappointing. Again, I have to disagree.  Without giving anything away, the resolution reminded me of the films ""Secretary"" and ""May"".  In a Frankenstein-esque fashion, Flynn plays with the idea that in our relationships, we create (or re-create) each other as much as we do ourselves - some people's demented is other people's delight (apparently this applies not just to relationships but to the book itself).
I had previously read Gillian Flynn's first book ""Sharp Objects"" and enjoyed it. I saw a pre-release review of Gone Girl in The New York Times and it sounded intriguing. The book starts slowly telling the story of a marriage from the point of view of Amy (writing in a diary started seven years ago) and Nick (writing from the point of view of today coming home and finding Amy missing under mysterious circumstances). The difference is interesting because it shows a love affair, marriage, and the current situation where each person involved sees something different.I really don't want to say more as I am afraid that I will inadvertently include spoilers. Let's just say that the book builds to an exciting climax. I can see the point of those who would prefer a different ending, but upon reflection I don't see how it could have ended any better.I am about to go read Ms. Flynns ""Dark Places"", a book that I somehow had overlooked.Do yourself a favor and read this book.
This book keeps your undivided attention from the first page. It is so interesting. Just when I thought I knew what was going on, the book takes such an unexpected twist. This book you will not be able to put down. The author did an amazing job of writing it and all the charactars come to life. You can see each one of them so clearly. I laughed out loud a couple of times and I have never done that with a book before. It is probably the best book I have read this year.
Welcome to the world of Amy Elliott Dunne and her husband Nick Dunne.  On their fifth wedding anniversary, a day Amy always celebrates to the hilt, she disappears under mysterious circumstances.  Nick is the prime suspect and does nothing to make his family, the media, or the public think differently.  Thus begins a highly suspenseful tale loaded with twists and turns to keep you eagerly turning the pages.  I am in awe of author Gillian Flynn's clever plotting and now anxious to read her two previous books.  To go more deeply into the story line would involve spoilers, so I will avoid that and just say Amy and Nick are two of the most dysfunctional, psychotic people you may ever come across.  Their story is riveting, appalling, and highly readable.  A smart and stylish golden couple who complete each other in every way, their story and the inside look into their marriage will have readers mesmerized from romantic beginning until the stunning finale.
I loved book. It was interesting from the very first chapter.  No need to read a long time to establish and remember the characters.  I liked the fact that there were just enough characters, but not so many that you couldn't remember them.  And the characters were well developed.  The mystery and the twists kept your interest going.  And of course the ending was a bit of a surprise.  Good read.  Very good writing.
This was my first taste of Flynn.  I was entranced....in part, perhaps, because I am a psychotherapist and found myself nodding repeatedly as she plumbed the depths of human need and darkness.The only somewhat unbelievable - but certainly not impossible - part of the novel was the intra- and interpersonal insight each spouse developed that kept them married.I am convinced that Nick and Amy Dunne are still together...balancing, like well-trained tightrope walkers, their deep need for, and distrust of, each other.Flynn's writing style is enviable.  Taut, tight, terse...in spite of the 'time traveling' and varying POV's.I went on to read Sharp Objects, (Oh my dears, what a disturbing read.  Delightful.), and am about to start Dark Places.I will read all future Flynn works, and if I ever need a therapist who can take me all the way down to where the toad squats, I'll be contacting Gillian.
This is the best novel I've read all year.When I started reading I knew next to nothing about it other than it's been the top seller on Amazon, not counting those ""50 Shades"" book. I'm glad I went into this book blind, and I recommend others do the same. Without giving anything away, the basic set up is this: It is July 5, 2012, near Hannibal, Missouri, and Nick comes home on his fifth anniversary to find his wife Amy missing. The girl is gone. He calls the police, and of course they suspect him.(It's always the husband, isn't it, these days?) The story alternates from Nick's point of view to entries from Amy's diary, and gradually we see that this was far from a perfect marriage.I was drawn into this book from page one. The tension steadily ramps up in the first half of the book. Then, just when you feel you've got a handle on things, Flynn drops the floor out from under you, and all hell breaks loose. It's a thrill ride of a plot, with twists that seldom turn in the direction you are expecting. Finally, we are brought to an ending I didn't see coming, nor did I even like. Honestly, I wanted to throw my Kindle across the room. Then I reread the last few chapters, and realized how just how brilliant, and incredibly appropriate the ending was, making me love this book even more. And I have to say the villain Flynn has here created is one of the most remarkable, disturbing, and flat out bark at the moon crazy I've found in a very long time.There is some salty language, and adult themes, so be warned if that's a deal breaker for you, however, I found none of it overly excessive or gratuitous. After all the book is about intimacy, or rather the illusion of intimacy, asking the question can you ever really know someone's true heart?I gulped this book down like a glutton, and after a 400 page meal, was hungry for more. It's a good thing Gillian Flynn has two earlier books I can read.And, by the way... if anyone knows a couple about to celebrate a fifth anniversary, I think Gone Girl would make an excellent gift.
Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl"" is the story of thirty-four Nick Dunne and his thirty-eight year old wife, Amy Elliott.  When Nick's parents become ill, Nick and Amy move from New York to Nick's birthplace in Missouri, where they rent a house.  North Carthage is a bleak ""miniature ghost town"" on the banks of the Mississippi River and Amy loathes it.  Nick's asking Amy to come with him to Missouri, it turns out, is tantamount to throwing a lit match into a pile of tinder doused with gasoline.Nick and Amy have been married for five years.  Amy's sizeable trust fund (courtesy of her parents' successful books about a perfect female named ""Amazing Amy"" who has grown from ""a precocious moppet of six"" to ""a thirty-year-old bride to be"") has shrunk.  Although Nick and Amy once had incredible chemistry, they now bring out the worst in one another.  Their crumbling marriage takes a weird turn when, on the day of their fifth anniversary, Amy vanishes.  The police find blood, signs of a struggle, and other evidence that points to a violent intruder hurting Amy and then abducting her.  As time goes on, other clues implicate Nick who, the authorities suspect, may have murdered his spouse in a fit of rage.The author has a field day playing with our minds.  Flynn alternates points of view in chapters that Nick and Amy each narrate.  Since their stories conflict, the question remains:  Who is telling the truth?  Is Nick a sadistic husband who grew tired of his wife and decided to get rid of her?  Is Amy a dutiful helpmate whom Nick does not appreciate and no longer loves?  Or is she a manipulative harpy?  We are kept guessing and wondering as the plot becomes increasingly unpredictable.  The imaginative descriptive writing and sharply-honed, sardonic dialogue keep us involved throughout this 415-page book.Flynn skillfully explores the warped minds of narcissistic and devious individuals.  Nick is far from blameless, but Amy may not be the deferential and tolerant woman that she describes in her diary.  Initially, we do not know what to think about Nick and Amy's dysfunctional relationship.  As the narrative progresses, answers begin to emerge, and Flynn throws in multiple twists, causing us to question all of our previous assumptions.  ""Gone Girl"" has a varied and lively cast that includes Nick's blunt sister, several predatory females, passive-aggressive and smothering parents, clueless detectives, and rapacious reporters. Nick and Amy know each other too well, the better to attack where it hurts the most.  ""Gone Girl"" is a psychological and witty thriller about a hate-filled pair who make the Macbeths look like Ozzie and Harriet.
I don't often read outside of my comfort zone. I love science fiction and I love fantasy and not much else holds my interest. Every once and a while though I'll take a risk and venture outside my safety bubble. GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn was recommended to me with infectious enthusiasm. It wasn't my usual cup of tea but the premise was perplexing and so I decided to give it a shot. WOW, I am so glad I did not let this one pass me by.On the morning of Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary she goes missing. As the investigation gets rolling evidence leads the police and the public to suspect the obvious: it's always the husband. There is more to the story than Nick Dunne will let on but does that necessarily mean he is to blame for the disappearance of his wife?It's always the husband. Right? Maybe not...GONE GIRL is the best sort of book. This is the sort of novel that will challenge your preconceived notions. This is the sort of novel that will absorb you fully and not let you go until you flip the final page. Even then you are bound to continue mulling it over in your head. This is the sort of book that dominates your conscious, whether you're at work or school or whatever it is you people do. I don't take time to reflect on books as I read them. I just don't have the luxury. With GONE GIRL I was pausing every fifty pages or so to contemplate what it was that I had read. And even then I finished it in a few sittings. I got this book on a Tuesday and had finished it by Thursday night. At 400 pages and given the concerns of daily life that is no small feat.So what makes GONE GIRL such an addictive book? For starters it is incredibly well written. From start to finish, GONE GIRL is a nearly flawless psychological thriller. The book is told from two perspectives, Nick and Amy's. Nick's POV picks up the day Amy goes missing and continues on with the investigation. Amy's POV is past-tense, told in the form of diary entries leading up to the disappearance. For the entirety of the novel Nick maintains his innocence, but he also confesses to a number of indiscretions. The entries from Amy's diary paint a very different picture of Nick, as well as a very different picture of Amy. Readers will experience the two falling in and out of love, the highs and lows of the marriage, from two perspectives that don't quite match up.The characters of Nick and Amy are real people. At least that's how it feels. Flynn crafts remarkably authentic characters and utterly believable relationships. I developed genuine feelings for both leads, feelings that morphed and grew over the course of the novel. It's impossible not to care about these people. That doesn't mean they are necessarily likable. I've seen some complaints that they aren't ""likable enough."" Well yeah, that's true in a sense, because they are placed under a high intensity microscope. The deeper you look into someone the less you will find to like. But it goes both ways. The deeper you look into someone the more you can find to admire. I had anxiety over finishing the novel because I cared that much about these characters.The ancillary characters are also well drawn. It takes no effort at all to picture these people and their motivations and their relationships. There is no shortage of suspects, even though all of the evidence seems to be pointing in one direction. It is enough to make you wonder how thoroughly the media influences perception. Everyone always assumes the husband is to blame but that's what we have been conditioned to believe.GONE GIRL is a psychological thriller of the highest order. Hitchcock style. The suspense is almost unbearable. Horror movie directors need to take some freaking notes. This is how you do it. GONE GIRL is too involved for a movie but I would love to see it picked up and developed as a television mini-series. Even when I expected one twist I was still floored when my revelation came true. It's just that good. There is some very dark, very twisted stuff here but none of it is beyond the realm of belief. And that's what makes it so creepy. This could happen to you. It could happen to me. I really, really hope this doesn't happen to me. It just goes to show you, sometimes the most disturbing thing of all is not knowing someone half so well as you think.Recommended Age: 17+Language: Plenty.Violence: Uh, wow I guess there really isn't any violence. But it is discussed.Sex: No real sex here either, but there is discussion of sex. \Nick SharpsElitist Book Reviews
I shall tell the reader nothing about this book because I do not want to spoil the great enjoyment and surprise with the twists and turns at least four times in the book.  I read mysteries on my Kindle voraciously and take them wherever I go.  However, with Gone Girl, I refused to move from my chair until I had finished it.  I missed a dinner out and a shopping trip and regretted the losses not one bit.  This is a book that seems so real, and it scared me to death not because of violence but because of its real possibilities.  I know this is vague, but trust a book addicted reader that this is one a mystery lover will not soon forget.  I am going to look for other books by G. Flynn right now.
Gone Girl is the New York Times best-selling third novel by Gillian Flynn, and one of the most engrossing stories I have ever read. It's a well-paced crime thriller centered on a missing woman, Amy Dunne, and her failing marriage. Her husband, Nick, is prime suspect #1, but Ms. Flynn repeatedly turns the novel over on its head until even the reader doesn't know which way is up, or who is really the bad guy in the book.The characters are flawed and achingly real, as are their relationships. Just who are Amy and Nick Dunne? Amy, who has grown up in the shadow of the fictional Amazing Amy created by her parents, has been married to Nick for five years and appears to be the perfect wife. She's pretty, intelligent and supportive of her husband - even using her trust fund to finance his business. But, is she really as loving and amazing as she seems?Nick is a handsome, concerned husband who initially cooperates with the police in the search for his wife. But then, his own humanity and ineptitude is revealed with some shocking developments. Could he have killed his beautiful wife? One might even find the next question more than relevant: is Nick Dunne another Scott Peterson? But Gillian Flynn is the expert storyteller here, and there are many more questions we will have before Gone Girl ends.Every sentence is another step toward the truth, and at times, it's hard to know if that's a truth we really want to know. How much of ourselves do we see in Amy and Nick? Would we make the same decisions or mistakes that they've made? Have we already?Reading Gone Girl is like watching a car speeding toward a terrible precipice and waiting for the sound of the car crashing below against the rocks, but it never comes. You can't look away, you can't stop it, and somehow never hearing the final crash gives you just a little bit of hope. It is an emotionally manipulative novel that is worth the read. I highly recommend it.
I finished reading Gillian Flynn’s third novel “Gone Girl” last night. I needed time to figure out how to piece together an articulate thought on the book. I felt speechless, a truly rare thing for me.“Gone Girl” is about a marriage gone wrong, to put it simply. It’s about trust, how one loses someone’s trust and how it is never fully returned, really. It’s about the vicious media, and how a story is often sensationalized in the interest of ratings. It’s about how resentful family can be. It’s a story that is about so many other things than what you may originally pin it as. The themes are vast, endless and fascinating.Amy and Nick have been married for almost five years – on their fifth wedding anniversary, she goes missing under exceedingly mysterious circumstances. Her parents used her (their only daughter) as a subject for a young-adult novel series called “Amazing Amy,” so the media is all over this. Nick is automatically assumed to be the prime suspect in the case, in a story that is growing more sensationalized by the minute.“Gone Girl” is much more than the standard mystery novel that you might think it is. It’s more about the strains that are put on two people who have made the possibly deadly choice of spending their lives together. He has secrets – she has secrets. There are two sides to any story, and after the first half or so of the book, you learn that both characters have a lot to hide, and weren’t necessarily being honest in their narrations.The ending was disliked by a lot of people, simply because it’s not the ending that you may have expected considering everything that happened before it. While not giving too much away, the story ends on a realistic, yet thoroughly haunting note. The more you let your mind process the ending, the more you’ll like it; hence why I took a good twenty-four hours or so to figure out how to write this review.Gillian Flynn proves herself as a masterful author; this is a story that works on many levels. It’s a Hitchcockian mystery, and a gripping portrayal of a marriage on the rocks, which was clearly inspired by the classics – Richard Yates’ “Revolutionary Road,” and Edward Albee’s “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” It takes the best from these books, and every murder mystery you’ve ever seen or read, and combines them into a novel that – most miraculously – feels original.Neither Nick nor Amy is the protagonist – both are intensely developed characters that we root for, feel disappointed by, hate, love, and detest at various points throughout the story. The ending is a head-scratcher, but it’s one that makes total sense – this is how this story would end in reality. Married people might wonder who the hell they’re sharing their bed with, and everybody will recognize a universal point. Everyone is capable of extreme good and extreme evil – we only know exactly what we’re capable of when we hit a breaking point, and from there it’s anybody’s guess.Grade: A
** spoiler alert ** I think I'm like most people who love reading and who love to escape into a book that makes you forget where you are, that makes you have that drugged-reader high where you don't want to put the book down, not even for sleep. That was my experience with this book.She makes a believable world from the first words, with believably crazy-times people. And what's even more amazing is she creates characters that you see yourself in, and start to wonder - am I that kind of crazy in my own way? And, even more, what kind of society do we live in when this kind of sociopathic view of marriage (at least from the outside) is kind of our ideal? The beautiful, flawless wife who is brilliant; the handsome, aw-shucks Midwestern husband; her money, their big house, their life in the middle of America....In the end, I feel she's written a brilliant, caustic, brutal satire on how we (Americans) view how marriage should be - based on all the exciting films, thrillers, and songs that fill our minds with ideals of romance, excitement, gender roles, he/she-gets-me, I'm his/her one and only, all that stuff. Who wins? Who gets the last word? Who's in control? Who's running the marriage? Who's pleasing whom most? Who is most to blame? Who's to be most admired? Who's more attractive? Who deserves better? What does he/she got that I don't got in my marriage? Who's story do you believe? Is it real? Or is it just what you want to hear?It seems dizzying and sickening when you read it like this - a sociopath and a narcissist get married. But it's even harder to wrestle with the parts of yourself that you recognize in those extremes, and how you've come to buy into certain myths of marriage that emerge as crazy only when someone attempts to take them down like this.
There are some books that hit the book blogging world by storm and it seems that almost everyone has read them.  I'm usually one of the last ones but that doesn't really bother me.  Because I have a tendency to shy away when a book is getting ""too much"" buzz.  I'm weird like that.  But I am so glad that I finally read this one because it was OH SO DELICIOUSLY good!This book is about a man (Nick) and his wife (Amy).  But that's all I'm telling you.  Because either a) you've already read this book, b) you've already read enough reviews to know what this book is about (and whether you want to read it or not), or c) your planning on reading it in which case you should go in knowing as little as possible in my opinion.  Or you could be like me and pick this book up solely because the author is Gillian Flynn and you had such a good reading experience with another of her books (for me that was Sharp Objects which I also highly recommend).This book surpassed all of my reading expectations (and I had high ones thanks to Sharp Objects)!  Although I had a hard time at the beginning connecting to the story, before long I was completely and utterly hooked.  I can see why reviewers either love or hate this book.  This is such a dark book at times and it isn't always easy to read.  Ms. Flynn, I bow down to your expertise as a writer that knows how to make the reader squirm.  None of this bothered me in the slightest because I love a good dark read.  The author gives the reader the opportunity to really get to know the main characters in such a way that they almost feel like real people.  Love them or hate them but don't ever accuse Flynn of not fleshing out her characters.  I was so wrapped up in the story that I would think about it when I was doing other simple things like the dishes.  I was completely absorbed by the end...even after finishing the book I thought about it days later.  I could never guess what was going to happen next with this book, and the ending just blew me away because I didn't see it coming.  Tricky, tricky!  Even now just talking about the book makes me want to reread it and experience it from the very beginning.  I will now officially read anything/everything that this author writes which is high enough praise!Do I even need to wrap up my thoughts on this book for all of you???  I enjoyed every moment that I spent in the dark, twisted world that this author created.  I found myself endlessly fascinated with the characters that she created in this book for many different reasons.  And I basically want Flynn to write as many books as humanely possible just so I can enjoy more books like this.  If you want a book where you should always expect the unexpected than I would highly recommend this one!  As for me, I plan on reading Dark Places when I'm ready and in the mood for another dark thriller.  My expectations will be set ridiculously high from this point on.  Enough said :)Bottom Line:  This book will be on my top reads for 2013 this year...I can guarantee it!Disclosure:  I received a copy of this book from NetGalley thanks to the publisher.  It also fits in with my personal goal to read as many Edgar Prize nominees as possible.  I couldn't be more pleased with the results of this personal challenge!
It's Nick and Amy's fifth anniversary. Three years ago, they made the move from their hip New York City condo to an ostentatious yet generic house in the small town of Carthage, Missouri. It was a family necessity. At least that's what Nick keeps reminding Amy. The adjustment hasn't been an easy one. But now it's time to celebrate five years of marriage.Amy always concocts a treasure hunt for her husband, with clues hidden in special places that he must figure out from her cryptic clues. Sometimes they can be more challenging than others, and sometimes they can be more damning too.That morning, Nick gets a call at The Bar, an enterprise he and his twin sister, Margo, have finally taken from a dream to a reality. On the other end of the line, his neighbor informs him that the front door to their house is wide open, and the cat is outside, which never happens. Nick's mood isn't great anyway, and now this. Margo watches him leave with mixed emotions.At home, Nick eases inside, where he discovers signs of a struggle and, ominously, no sign of his wife. What has happened here? The police begin to investigate and, as most people would expect, soon turn their sights on Nick. Amy's little treasure hunt is turning into Nick's worst nightmare.As a former journalist, Nick should have known how his story would look to the public, yet he has a too-calm aspect and comes across as all wrong. Proclaiming his innocence does little to sway anyone, of course, and evidence starts to pile up. Even Margo expresses doubt. Things don't look good for him.In the meantime, readers are treated to Amy's yet-to-be-discovered diary. The entries go back seven years, to the time when she and Nick were dating. She shares how they met, how they played the mating game and how they ultimately got married. Now, in alternating chapters, Nick narrates his tale, then Amy's diary tells hers, at least for Part One, when it changes around a bit.It is easy to like Nick --- that is, until he throws a curve ball into his story. Then, just as you wonder what he meant by that comment and feel the hairs on the nape of your neck start to bristle, he reassures you that he really is a good guy. And Amy? Well, no one is perfect, but in this case, she is Amazing. Her parents are the authors of the famous line of children's books, Amazing Amy. Beautiful, talented, famous, rich and brilliant. Amy Elliott Dunne is all of the above, especially brilliant. So what has happened to her?Whatever you do, don't be lulled into thinking you know what happened until the very last paragraph. By the time you figure it out, you will be gasping, shaking your head, and slapping your temple. You will have been batted around like a ping pong ball in a tight match, and you will feel like you have made just as many turnarounds. The book is, quite simply, ingenious. Gillian Flynn couldn't possibly surprise her readers any more than she has in this amazing thriller. If there ever was a must-read, especially for mystery lovers, GONE GIRL is that. And so much more.Reviewed by Kate Ayers
This is one delicious twister of a book. It's really not what I expected from the reviews. I had stayed away from spoilers because I knew it had ""What the heck just happened?"" twists. The twists are head-spinning. This is the second Gillian Flynn book I have read and man does she have a talent for extremely odd but beautifully apt descriptions and imagery. I can't recall an example here but I don't know how many times my jaw dropped at some incredible phrasing.Characters. It says a lot that you will feel sympathy for the emotional distant, apathetic husband who is cheating on his wife.The wife is an unforgettable psychopath: so much so that I question if such psychopathic planning is even possible. It's a little over the top. I really would like to know if she is any way based on a living person.There are a lot of people who have criticized the ending. I guess having read a Flynn book, it did not at all surprise me that there is no happy ending. She doesn't seem to do those. The ending is open and it is difficult to imagine that any good could come of these two people.Flynn, a former writer for Entertainment Weekly, gleefully skewers the entertainment industry press while adding pop culture nuggets here and there like name dropping authors whose works you have probably read but whose names you can't recall. Many books incorporate some famous work of literature in the stories, but this one happily doesn't base a plot point on a famous work but instead references several works in a passing mention. I liked that.
In Gillian Flynn's brilliant new book Gone Girl we take an exaggerated look at a society obsessed with getting the edge at all costs.  Most of us are flawed, granted, and have experienced feelings of rage, disappointment, second guessing, or confusion within a relationship.  Even hatred and a thirst for revenge if hurt badly enough.  During the roller coaster of a ride into the minds of Amy and Nick, the level of premeditated manipulation and spin control is truly astounding, almost hard to believe.  That's what makes the book so much fun.  We, as readers, can't get a strong foothold on reality.  We are being constantly manipulated.  Just as the sleazy divorce lawyer and the social media pundits manage the TRUTH to their own agenda.  For those who were frustrated by the ending, having the LAST WORD as uttered by Amazing Amy is really the beginning of a new chapter.  And yes, there should have been a more discriminating use of the F word and C word (the overuse of profanity was a slight distraction for me).  But any book that has me laughing out loud, dazzled by the dexterity of the written word, and constantly keeping me guessing and off balance is worthy of the highest rating.  I've read all of Gillian Flynn's books and this is her best.
As I read the first few chapters, I'll admit I was a bit put off. The subject matter was different than what I had expected, and the characters had an edginess to them that I wasn't completely comfortable with.  It didn't take me long to get into the story, and then I was enthralled. Several times I thought I had the ending figured out, and while I was right one of the times, I wasn't completely right, and so the element of surprise was still there.The character development is good, and even though there are definitely unlikeable aspects to the main characters, I still found myself caring about them, which is a crucial requirement for me.  If I don't care what happens to the characters, then I don't care about their story, and I won't enjoy the book.The plot development is good; the story has just the right amount of suspense.  I found myself reading at times other than 10 minutes before I went to sleep at night - the mark of a really entertaining story.I recommend this book to anyone who doesn't mind some bad language and some sexual situations, and who likes to read page after page just to see what happens next. A great read!
Gone Girl,"" by Gillian Flynn (Crown 2012), is simply the best book I've read this year. Flynn is a relatively new author, having published only three novels so far. Her first, ""Sharp Objects"" came out in 2007, and ""Dark Places"" came out three years later. ""Gone Girl"" was published in June of this year, and has risen meteorically as an Amazon bestseller. What makes this novel so worth reading is what makes all great novels worth reading: an engaging story told with superb writing.""Gone Girl"" is a story about marriage in the extreme, and like so many far-out tales of fictional relationships, it serves to illuminate the constituents of real marriage in real life: what is expected, what is owed, and what will be taken if not given. ""Gone Girl"" is Hemingway writing ""War of the Roses."" It's a funny, intriguing, and revealing story about those aspects of a dysfunctional marriage that remind us the worst damages often come from the hands of those we trust the most. Gillian Flynn holds nothing back.There are two main characters, Nick and Amy. Amy, the famous inspiration behind the Amazing Amy series of children's books co-authored by her parents, goes missing and is presumed dead. An investigation is launched by the police and the FBI (and the reader, of course) to find the kidnapper/killer. Naturally, the husband is always suspect number one. What ensues is a game of cat and mouse that will have you saying OMG! with each new chapter and each new twist. I wish I could go on, but I can't describe the story any further without spoiling it for you. So, I will leave it to you to read the book for the rest of it. Nevertheless, the second half of this book's greatness is the writing.When it comes to the writing, Flynn is a master at using the English language to convey her clever insights. This is the hallmark of an expert writer, and Flynn is the definitive expert. Her sense of pacing, tension, suspense, transitions, and diction are on par with some of the greatest writers I've ever read. I honestly believe we'll see a lifelong career from this author as she goes on to write books that become top movies and one day earn her a Pulitzer Prize. In fact when I chose to review ""Gone Girl,"" I chose it over the 2011 Pulitzer Prize winning author, Jennifer Eagan, simply because the writing of Gillian Flynn was more captivating than what I found in ""A Visit From the Goon Squad.""I highly encourage anyone looking for a great mystery thriller to grab a copy of ""Gone Girl."" I can easily stake my reputation on the assertion that you'll not be disappointed with the work of this American author. Now is the time to start following her. Gillian Flynn is one of the best.Way to go, girl!--Edward GordonThe Novel Report
Flynn does her best to confuse you and accuse everyone in the novel, she finds all the ways she can to make you also accuse everyone. I imagine it's what the Salem Witch Trials were like. Accusations left and right and when one person in particular is picked it gets nasty.This novel takes place right after the MC wife goes missing. The first thing that happens is that the husband is accused, why? The kitchen floor is covered in blood and there is a diary left behind by his wife. It accuses him of things that border on rape, being a filthy pig, and many other horrible things that the MC never confirms or denies. But what we are all asking ourselves is, did he do it? If so, why?This novel was so filled with suspense that the book practically makes you sit up straight while reading, because you keep expecting the monster to come out of the closet and you just know you are going to scream.The only thing I did not like about this novel is that the ending was awful, but it had such a wonderful build up that you'll just sort of snarl at the end, in disappointment.
The only thing that I didn't like about reading this book is that it ended and I can't seem to pick up another book without being dissapointed.  Ms. Flynn has woven an amazing story and created complex characters, who, at some point during the book, you grow to both love and hate.Do yourself a favor.  Cross ""Fifty Shades"" off your list.  Save yourself the unbelievable characters, elementary writing style and wandering plot.  Pick up ""Gone Girl"" and clear your calendar, you won't put it down until the last page is turned.The only problem then, is figuring out what to read next...
Wow - what a ride! This book is like accidentally walking into one of those mechanical car washes. First you get pummeled from all sides, knocked over by jets of icy water and dragged along by chains - and just when you can see the exit and think you are safe at last, the big roller flattens you!The story starts innocently enough. Nick wakes on the morning of his 5th wedding anniversary to the smell of his wife's cooking. Loving, sweet. But things soon turn South. Amy disappears in suspicious circumstances, and Nick must not only find out what happened to her but also defend himself against allegations that he had something to do with his wife's disappearance. As Nick tells his side of the story, the reader gets to know Amy through excerpts from her diary, from the moment she first fell in love with Nick until the days just before her disappearance. At this point, lulled into a false feeling of security by these seemingly mundane marital issues, you better fasten your seat belt!This is a masterfully crafted and very disturbing psychological thriller where nothing is quite as it seems, and evil takes on many shapes and forms. As different aspects of Amy's and Nick's marriage are revealed, the story turns from the ordinary to the sinister. I agree with other reviewers that it is extremely difficult to comment on this story without giving anything away, so all I will say here is that this was one of the most intricately constructed plots I have read in a long time. To say that I found the ending deeply troubling would be an understatement, and anyone who has read this book will know what I mean.Written with insight into the issues of a marriage between two people with very different backgrounds and values, the book also explores the deepest, darkest and most disturbing places of the human psyche gone wrong. Do not be put off by the seemingly slow beginning - but instead see it as the slow and gentle ascent to a terrifying roller coaster ride to follow. I could not put the book down and recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good psychological thriller.
You will not find a better example of this type of novel, so quit trying and read Gone Girl already! I have been a fan of Gillian Flynn's unique, darkly suspenseful writing since Sharp Objects and was not disappointed by Gone Girl. I read a ton of books but tend to steer clear of the mystery/suspense genre with a few exceptions (Tara French being one of them). Most examples of this genre are fun, quick reads but utterly predictable and not especially well written. Flynn and French fall into a new category, in my opinion: Suspense Literature. This is not the stuff of $7 mass market paperbacks that you pick up at the grocery store right next to paper plates. Gone Girl is very dark but at times hilarious...it's a page-turner but is also incredibly witty, lyrical and clever...and then there are the twists! I don't want to say anything that might in any way spoil the twists but believe me when I say you will not see them coming. I usually do...with both books and films, I can usually spot the Big Twist a mile away but not so with Gone Girl. Flynn managed to take a twist that might seem unbelievable and contrived in the hands of another mystery writer and sell it a way that is 100% believable. This is largely due to her masterful exploration of the main characters' motivations and psyche. I cannot say a single bad thing about this book. For those of you who loved Flynn's earlier work but find themselves confused after reading the cover blurb, don't worry. Flynn did not jump genres and decide to write a Joyce Carol Oates-like novel about the demise of a marriage. She brings everything you loved about Sharpe Objects and Dark Places and applies it to what turns out to be one of the most terrifying answers to one of life's biggest questions: How well do you really know your spouse?
I stumbled across Gillian Flynn's Dark Places: A Novel thanks to Amazon Vine.  It is a captivating novel about true crime obsession and real life darkness.  It hooked me!  I sought outSharp Objects: A Novel and was thrilled by her once again.  And in Gone Girl: A Novel, she does not disappoint.Flynn is a wonderfully vivid writer.  She sets her scenes with such detail and imagery that you can easily imagine every object.  Her characters are well crafted.  She knows them so well and creates them with such complexity that they become real to you. She transports you seamlessly into her prose.Amy and Nick are a typical couple, until something horrible occurs.  Amy is missing, and in all such cases, Nick is the prime suspect.  But is he guilty?  As Nick becomes increasingly more suspect, so does his marriage to Amy.  This is not just a mystery whodunit, but also a mystery of relationships.  What is a marriage really like from the inside?  What are people truly like?  Do you ever really know someone?  And worse, what if you do really know someone else, thoroughly know them ... what do you do with this knowledge?  Flynn moves far beyond clichés into the darkest depths of relationships.  All that is ugly and grotesque is paraded for readers from every angle, yet the subject is so utterly mundane: marriage.  But this is her brilliance.  She takes the ancient, ordinary world of marriage and works it from every strange, provocative, depressing, and horrifying angle.  Yet it is done with complexity, humor, and honesty.I obviously love Gillian Flynn's work.  I highly recommend this and all her other works.  And if marriage most foul is a subject you crave, I also highly recommend Mr. Peanut (Vintage Contemporaries) by Adam Ross.
I will add my voice with those who loved the gorgeous writing in this book, the roller-coaster ride that seemed to never end, and the construction of characters that we would publically spurn but privately recognize in ourselves more often than we'd like to admit.SPOILERS:Re: the ending: some of the more contrived elements are forgiveable when you recognize that the author had to construct a hellish future for these two narcissistic, co-dependant and psychologically immature people.  Yes, Nick is merely a bad person, while Amy is a true psychopath, but you have to ask yourself if Nick could actually go out and lead a ""normal"" life.  As he says near the end of the novel, a ""regular' person would bore him and any future partner's brain would pale in comparison to Amy's.How about a sequel, Ms. Flynn?
A lot of the reviews are kind of showing disappointment with the ending.  I was at first disappointed as well, but after a lot of thought,  I actually think the ending was pretty creative.  I feel the reason i felt disappointed with the ending AT FIRST is because while i was reading the novel, i really had my mind made up on how I figured it was going to end, but right at the end she threw us yet another twist. (which in my opinion is the best part about this book. Just when she has got you feeling one way, thinking you have it all figured out, bam she changed it up on us)  Once I looked at it that way, I thought to myself, "" hmm,ok I get it.""  This book left me thinking and talking about it for days. I was addicted to the book after the 1st chapter and i am looking forward to reading her other novels.
I loved this book. I didn't expect too much from it, but was immediately hooked. It keeps you guessing, and makes you want to keep turning the page. It's the type of book you get annoyed being interrupted reading! The 2 main characters are well developed and deliver a sinister 'there's something not quite right' feeling whilst you are reading. You cannot wait to get to the end of the book to find out how it will all end and then feel sad once you've reached the end because you know a great read is all over.
I love it when I'm reading, and that thing I thought early on might happen but seemed way too clever and elaborate to actually happen, happens.When I hit that spot in 'Gone Girl' - about halfway in, when the book went from ""very good"" to ""amazing"" - I couldn't sit still, I couldn't keep quiet about it, and I couldn't wait to turn the next page. And the next one, and the next one, in a race to the finish.Gillian Flynn starts out strong in 'Gone Girl,' telling the story of a wife who disappears under mysterious circumstances from two perspectives and from two different points in time. It's a confident story, written in an elegant, no-nonsense style and with character voices that feel very real. It helps that both of the narrators of the story are writers, which makes the occasional flourishes of language and description fit right in.And then I got to that point, the point that I had considered early on but thought it too complicated to come to pass - and there it was, the moment that everything I had read so far was called into question.What comes after is no less compelling, but with the added element of doubt becomes addicting. What seemed strong characters at first become complex and multifaceted, with hidden layer after hidden layer, which Flynn peels away steadily and deliberately. Flynn also finishes well, with an ending that is both satisfying and ambiguous, leaving enough open to the reader's interpretation to make the story feel expansive - to make me feel a part of it, a willing participant in a magic trick that had me thoroughly fooled.'Gone Girl' is one of the best books I've read this year, a little piece of dark sorcery that kept me glued to its pages and kept me thinking about it after I was done. It begins well, twists and turns repeatedly, and finishes just as strong.It's rare that a book will keep me under its spell this thoroughly from start to finish. But I love it when it happens.
Don't be fooled by the reviewers who couldn't stand 1) no happy ending 2) no formula, or 3) the evil woman!! OMG! This was the best book I've read in many years and I read CONSTANTLY. I'm having reader withdrawals, after I finished it, because I kept wanting that ""book high""- of hurrying home so that I could keep reading. The wonderful, twisted ending is just what both characters deserved and was so surprising. I was disappointed to read that the movie won't keep it. I agree with an earlier reviewer who said that the language was beautiful. Our book club read this just so that we could talk about all the psychological and farcical threads.
This has got to be the best edge-of-the-beach towel read for summer 2012, but it's a masterful, memorable, brilliant, unusually clever novel for any season.  Gone Girl is just so far ahead of its genre, combining epic plot twists with astute psychological insight into relationship psychology, plus fine sentence-by-sentence writing that sometimes compels one to stop reading and savor the words.  Just a bloody brilliant theft of my life and consciousness, really.  I think I am not alone in finding the ending a bit disappointing, even while finding that the author has made it seem inevitable.  But I will recommend this to anyone I know who loves the kind of book that sweeps them off their feet but doesn't make them feel stupid afterward for succumbing.
I will start by saying that Gone Girl is the BEST book I have read to-date this year. It is a must read whodunit thriller that tells the story of a husband and wife starting on the day of their fifth wedding anniversary. That is the day that the wife, Amy, goes missing. Each chapter unfolds new information on her disappearance and puts the husband, Nick, under a great deal of scrutiny that he may have murdered his wife. This book is full of plot twists and psychological warfare. It's extremely difficult to put down and you will want to continue reading without interruption to find our how everything turns out.
I have read the author's last 2 books and was totally engrossed in them, especially Sharp Objects.  Gone Girl, the author's newest book, with it's many twists and turns, did not let me down. Every time I thought I knew what was going on, the author added another twist.  I would have liked a more explosive ending, but the ending as written was probably the best one for the book, because it gave me chills as well as plenty to ponder and digest.  I would advise you to read this author's books before you hear someone discussing the books or before you read a review that tells you too much.
Like Dennis Lehane in its use of detailed local color. Like Dennis Lehane in plot twists, realistic police procedures, violence, and depraved, vividly drawn characters. Like Jane Austen in her female protagonist's verbal agility and its clever observations on class and male-female relationships. Like both of them in being hard to put down and very funny. I can see Reese Witherspoon as perfect for the lead in the movie. But so much of what makes Gone Girl interesting is what goes on in people's minds, and that's done better in a book than a movie.
This powerful story begins with Nick Dunne and his wife, Amy, in their days as newlyweds in Brooklyn, New York.They seem relatively happy and the type of characters that readers can relate to. Then their jobs are lost when magazines begin eliminating positions due to the economic downturn.Nick gets a message from his twin sister Margo, nicknamed, ""Go.""  She was back in Nick's hometown of North Carthridge, Missouri, caring for their parents, whose health was deteriorating.To help his sister and have something positive to do, he moves back to Missouri, against Amy's wishes.He opens a bar and is well respected in his hometown. In the meanwhile, Amy increases her resentment. Nick is getting all of the attention and she doesn't like that she's had to move away from the creative atmosphere of New York.On their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears.There is an initial outpouring of sympathy for Nick but as law enforcement begins looking into his story, his innocence comes into question.In alternating chapters we read of Amy's diary and see their relationship falling apart. Then we read that Amy was sick of being the 'good wife' and had something in mind. She becomes transformed from ""Amazing Amy,"" to a woman who catches her husband doing something wrong and wants revenge. In the other chapters, we see Nick's reaction to his wife's disappearance and begins to see what is really happening, but can he get anyone to believe him?Who to blame?  The author does an excellent job of describing the fault of both parties and lets us see how it changes their lives.
I was feeling pretty good about myself because I figured out the major twist that comes in about halfway through the novel. But surprise! I didn't see the end coming *at all.* I should have seem it, though: Flynn plays fair with her readers and gives us everything we need to piece it all together; I just missed the clues on the first read.In short, Gone Girl kept me riveted to the end with its incredible twists and flawed but compelling characters. A near-perfect thriller.
Gone Girl is about the disappearance of Amy Dunne. She was apparently abducted on the morning of her fifth anniversary. Her husband, Nick, is of course a prime suspect (isn't it always the husband?). But even though half of the chapters are told from Nick's perspective, you just can't make up your mind if he's guilty or not.  There's definitely something ""off"" about him.  And he does say that he is good at half-truths.  And the marriage was on the rocks.  So.... guilty or not?I can't say more without giving too much away.  But I will say that this is one of the best dark psychological thrillers I've ever read.  And easily the best ""unreliable narrator"".  Highly recommended.
Speechless"" would be the best word to describe my state of being after just finishing Gone Girl. There's not an awful lot to be said about this sickeningly uncomfortable book without spoiling its expertly crafted plot. Flynn's characters are shockingly vivid almost to a fault; the characters are so real and believable, they stay alive in your mind long after reading the last page. The real magic of the novel is the vicarious blending of main characters Nick and Amy's twisted psyches. Reading Gone Girl is like waking up from a nightmare in a cold sweat, not being able to shake what you just saw, and reliving the horror every time you close your eyes again.
I thought I had this book figured out, and several times I was walloped over the head with plot changes. This book is very difficult to put down once you get into the plot and characters. I cannot wait to read other books by this author. I felt immensely satisfied with the ending. Do not read this if you prefer predictable conclusions tied up in cliche bows!
With over 1600 reviews posted, there isn't a lot I can add and I really don't want to give any spoilers away so I am not going to say a lot.What I would like to share is that this was a book that grabbed my attention early on and I wanted to keep reading even when I should have put it down.  The story unfolds slowly and you get glimpses that things may not be as they appear, but I had no idea where it was going.  About the time I thought I might know what happened, there would be a twist that totally threw me off balance.  I enjoyed it from beginning to end and will be reading this author's other novels based upon this one.There has been a lot of discussion about the ending, with many people hating it and feeling strongly about that.  In my case, I had no problem with how the book ended.  It seemed to fit the twists and turns of the rest of the book and I thought it was very fitting.Totally absorbing, suspenseful novel that I enjoyed (reminding me a bit of ""Defending Jacob"" which I also loved).
This book was masterful in its complexity and the welding together of one story from two main characters  - both unreliable narrators - with completely different points of view. I agree with readers who did not like the ending, but not because I found it ""a cop out"" or ""unrealistic.""  Rather, I did not like it because I found it logical, believable, and therefore, utterly, utterly creepy. Having read all three of her novels (Sharp Objects is still my favorite), my primary question is, What the heck kind of horrible childhood did Gillian Flynn have? :)
I really enjoyed this book.  There were twists and turn and surprises throughout the book. Things I didn't see coming. It was really well thought out and a lot of detail, planning, and smarts went into this book.  It kept my attention through the whole book and I honestly did not know what was going to happen.
It was a great read and it held your attention, I did not want to put it down! I was disappointed in the bad language, you do not have to use God's name in vain or the F word to make a good story! Because of the bad language I will not read other books by this author other than that it was a very good book.
Highly recommend this book. Love the authors dark & witty humor. Nick & Amy, perfect marriage or not?  Amy perfect to the world as told by her parents books. What happens when she goes missing? Told from alternating points of view between Nick and Amy. Did Nick kill his wife? Maybe it was his father? He is a crazy old man with a distaste for woman. Maybe a crazy ex-boyfriend took her for his own pleasure, Could it have been her childhood BFF gone stalker? The twists will keep you wondering. This is a must read!
Reviewed by C. PerrotEver heard the expression …”Oh, what a tangled tale we weave?”  I have, and it’s the first expression that comes to mind when reading the novel “Gone Girl” by Gillian Flynn.First, it is important for you to know that I am an avid reader. While most people read, I devour. Some people, maybe even people like you, may take a week or longer to read a book. Know that in that time, I may have read three. Having said that, I am usually pretty quick in seeing how the story will end. I can read the first three chapters of a book and figure out how the book is going to go. And, I will admit, I am usually spot on. That changed with “Gone Girl.” Boy did that ever change. While reading this enthralling book, I never know what was around the corner. Not to sound cliché, but this book had more twists and turns than the scariest roller coaster at Busch Gardens. As I read, I was amazed at all the nuances. Amy, the antagonist, is so clever. I can’t believe how she schemed! Who thinks like that? It is indescribable and unbelievable!! And poor Nick. He is such a perfect victim. I can’t recall ever reading a book where I am rooting so hard for the protagonist!!!Now… to delve or not to delve into the details of this story, that is the question? Let me just say this - If you want to find out for yourself, I guess this is a good time for you to stop reading. Nick and Amy are husband and wife. What seemed like the most unlikely of couples...She the debutante; he the quiet, nerdy type. Yet, they were both writers. They connected. They tried to make it work. Really, they did - from New York City all the way to Missouri.  In spite of all this, neither was happy. The marriage was coming to the end. They both knew it. Before it could end, though, Amy disappears. Oh yes, it seems mysterious.  And yes, it unfolds before our eyes.  As far as the world knows, Amy has been killed. And it seems, undoubtedly, that Nick had killed her. Every piece of evidence points to him.  It’s indisputable!  What appears to be an undeniable, inescapable, ready to be convicted murder, everything points to Nick.But we know better.One of the things that great about this book is the point of view from which this story is told. We live this story from both perspectives; alternating chapters from Nick to Amy. (I really like books written in this format.) Another great thing about this book is the sequence of events.  The book has three “parts.”  Part one is “Boy Loses Girl.” Part two is “Boy Meets Girl, and part three is “Boy Gets Girl Back (Or Vice Versa).  As the novel progresses, we see not only both sides of the story, but also the time frame in which the events occur. In all, “Gone Girl” by Gillian Flynn, is a roller-coaster of a book. If you are ready to read a gripping book with unexpected twists and turns, then this book is for you.Just one warning: When you are done with this book, you are not done with Gillian Flynn! You will be on your device and ready to download another of her books.
This book is brilliant. A page-turning study of a messed-up, co-dependent marriage wrapped in a thriller mystery.Plot summary:After losing their jobs in New York, writers Nick and Amy move to Nick's hometown in Missouri where Nick buys a bar. Amy isn't happy being a housewife in fly-over land. Nick isn't happy with Amy's ennui. On their fifth anniversary Amy goes missing and Nick becomes the prime suspect in her likely murder.My opinion:This was a really well-crafted book. It broke all sorts of writing ""rules"" - lots of digressions, some telling instead of showing blah, blah, but it all worked beautifully and had me turning pages until 3 a.m. Flynn painted detailed pictures without taking me out of the story or making me want to scan descriptions. Some of the metaphors and imagery will stick with me like the knotted razor wire that was Amy (p. 49). I loved the use of quizzes throughout; and some of the lines, especially in thoughts, were great, such as the interrogation at the crime scene and the neighbor at the park scene. The characterizations were complete and varied, even of secondary characters like Amy's parents and the cops. This was a really well done book. Some might not like the ending. I admit I turned the page and expected more pages, but after a few hours when the ending settles on you, you think--at least I did--that it's really the way it should be, with everyone sort of getting what they deserved.If you don't like reading about unlikeable characters, don't read this. If you like complex characters and don't have to love your hero, you'll like this book. I've read some reviews complaining about gratuitous sex and language and don't know what they're talking about. Both were minimal. Loved the story, loved the prose, loved the characters, loved the book.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl: A ReviewBy Autumn Heigle If you are fascinated by psychological warfare, sexual deviancy, and unsolved homicide cases, you should add Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn to your book list. It was a satisfying vacation read. The story involves a married couple, Amy and Nick Dunne, who lose their jobs as New York writers due to the waning market for printed news. It is the tale of trust-fund only-daughter meets self-made man from the backwaters of the Mississippi. But abandon all expectations for cheese-stuffed romance or glittering goth boys, because this relationship quickly sours into a depraved, desperate mess of a marriage. When the money is gone and the two are forced to retreat to a washed up, bankrupt town in Missouri, they begin to peel back layers of each other's facades, and discover who they really married. Flynn was born in Kansas City, Missouri and grew up with an intense interest in books and films. She received her undergraduate degrees in English and journalism at the University of Kansas and later earned her master's degree in journalism from Northwestern University. She wrote for ten years at Entertainment Weekly magazine before ascending into the world of published authors. Gone Girl is a New York Times best seller and Flynn's third novel. Her first novel, Sharp Objects, was released in 2006 and received two of Britain's Dagger awards. Her second novel, Dark Places, was Publishers Weekly Best Book of 2009 and Chicago Tribune Favorite Fiction choice. Gilles Paquet-Brenner (Sarah's Key) is to direct the movie. The book is separated into two major parts. By the time I reached the second, I had accrued many theories about the turn in plot. But nothing prepared me for the rabbit hole I was about to fall down. I found no white rodents, only the dark corners of a psychopath's mind. Flynn alternates between the husband and wife's voices chapter by chapter. Her insight into the male and female psyche is uncanny. The characters unique personalities evolve through the action as the pieces drift together. Be warned, they will lie to you. I found my opinions of the characters and their situations evolved with the turn of each page. I was ravenously hungry for the conclusion to their twisted tale. Around the last hundred pages, I was unable to set the book down. Huddled in the sink below the tiny window in a Parisian flat, I read by morning light to avoid disturbing my roommate. She awoke when I slammed the book shut and released an uncontainable, ""Damn!"" I was intrigued, angry, amused, and unsettled all at once. If you are looking for a pink ribbon-wrapped ending sealed in grandma's kisses, stay the hell away from this book. But if you believe that the best stories are the ones that stir you to feel something new, perhaps uncomfortable, and leave you asking just a few questions, then by all means, pick it up.
There's a missing person at the centre of Gillian Flynn's elaborate and impressively plotted thriller, but in addition to the conventional genre meaning, there's a fascinating study underlying the case with another type of missing person - the loss of personality that comes - inevitably it seems - with the compromise of marriage.  It's marriage that you come to realise is the 'killer' here in Gone Girl, but it's written in such a manner by the author under the guise of a twisting densely plotted thriller, that it completely takes you off your guard.And taking you off your guard is clearly the intention in the two person perspective that shows two very different views on the marriage of Nick and Amy, both before and after Amy goes missing.  On the one hand you have Nick dealing with the disappearance of his wife, and not dealing with it as well as he should be with the media looking on and regarding him as the obvious suspect.  Then you have Amy's perspective in alternate chapters, taken from excerpts of her diary in the period leading up to her disappearance, detailing the events that take the couple from a seemingly idyllic encounter and romance in New York, through to the harder times that they are currently going through five years later, having both lost their jobs and moved down to Missouri to look after Nick's ailing, aging parents.The two differing perspectives paint a picture of the harsh realities of a relationship that has lost its sparkle and seems to have turned into something rather ugly, but there's definitely something 'off' about both accounts.  Amy's view - perhaps on account of her upbringing, the model for her parents' successful range of Amazing Amy children's books - seems too idealistic, too passive about the failings that have led them to this position, while Nick seems to be taking the disappearance of his wife much too casually and lying an awful lot for a person who claims he has nothing to hide.  Evidently, neither account can be completely trusted, but then isn't that always going to be the case when it comes to apportioning blame for the failings of a marriage?Well yes, but obviously the difference here is that this one has ended in what looks like a murder, and the author uses both those varying accounts to sway the reader's divided loyalties one way or another in where their sympathies and suspicions lie.  It's masterful writing, textbook stuff, but Flynn's writing in Gone Girl goes way beyond that, exploiting the whole situation not only to work with the dynamic of the give-and-take, push-and-pull of a marriage dispute, but by expanding it out into the unseemly media circus that erupts around the case, she manages to say a lot about the failings of the individuals as well as the expectations placed on them by society.  The book makes some brilliant observations on both levels, yet somehow still manages to be a taut, credible, jaw-dropping thriller.  It's a little over-elaborate in terms of plotting, but this is one author who is capable of pulling off the near impossible.  I don't think it's perfect, but this is an impressive and intelligent novel that will resonate with a lot of people, daringly pushing emotional buttons, having something meaningful to say about relationships that you might feel uncomfortable about, while at the same time being a hugely entertaining thriller that keeps you guessing about how it can possibly be resolved.  Flynn pulls it off, and does so impressively.
Nick and Amy Dunne met in New York City, where they were both writers.  Amy was an only child.  Her parents were well-educated and had a happy marriage.  Amy needed to be Amazing Amy all the time.  She was a true New Yorker, who could cook French Cuisine, speak fluent Spanish, knit and run marathons.  She had a Master's in psychology.  She was very competitive and had a greedy curiosity.  Nick, on the other hand seemed to be more laid-back and liked a more quiet life.  He came out of a poor family and his father was abusive.  Nick worked hard for everything he had.  Although Nick and Amy were so different in their likes, they were in love and decided to marry.  When they both lost their jobs as writers, Nick came up with a plan.Nick told Amy he would like them to return to his hometown in Carthage, Missouri.  He borrowed money from Amy to buy a bar and it was named The Bar.  His partner was his twin sister Margo.  Amy was more or less left on her own with nothing much to do.  She had nothing in common with the people there, nor did she like the town.  To everyone on the outside, they were the perfect couple.  On the inside, the marriage was falling apart.On their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick receives a call at work from his neighbour, Carl, telling him that the cat was let out and the door was open.  Amy loved her cat and would never let the cat out.  When Nick comes home, the house is in a shambles.  The coffee table was shattered, shards of glass were on the carpet and there was a pair of sharp scissors in view.  Amy is nowhere to be found.  There are signs that point to a struggle.  Amy had disappeared and probably been kidnapped. Nick calls his sister and the Police.  The Police arrive and they question Nick and then call in the detectives.  Amy's parents are called as well.  Nick is interrogated by the detectives and they are investigating more deeply now.  This was supposed to be the perfect marriage and Amy's parents, Nick's friends and neighbours sympathize with Nick.We only get to learn more about Amy through her diaries that she kept for seven years from their courtship and through their marriage.  We begin to find out that she wasn't very happy.  What could have happened to her?  Did Nick Kill her?  Was there a lover involved?  Her body has not been found.  Could she still be alive and held OR.......?As we read on, we learn from the diaries that there is much more to these two personalities than we know.  There are twists and turns, surprises and jaw-dropping scenes all along the way.  The writing is fast-paced and the characters believable.Gillian Flynn has written one of the best novels I've read in 2012.  I highly recommend it.
THERE ARE NO SPOILERS WITHlN!Why are you reading this?If you had any sense, you'd be running to the store to buy this book...or better yet, just click your mouse a couple of times and have it whisked to you via Amazon.  Whatever gets it to you the quickest.Because you should absolutely be reading this book right now.  I used to think Ruth Rendell was the craziest murder thriller writer out there...the one who didn't just follow the footprints of the killer and put you in the room with him, but got you right inside his (or her) mind.And now I must add Gillian Flynn.This is more than just a terrific read, it's an absolute thrill ride; told from the point of view of both Nick and Amy, husband and wife, this is the story of a marriage gone foul.  Horrendously foul.It all begins when Amy goes missing, suddenly, a couple of hours after making breakfast for her husband on the morning of their fifth anniversary.  He gets the call at the bar he and his twin sister co-own, and when he returns home he finds his once comfortable house is now a crime scene awash with blood and overturned furniture.  And when the police get involved, the case of a missing wife turns extremely ugly.Because if Nick's innocent, why does every piece of evidence point to him? And WHY is he saying and doing such ridiculously incriminating things?There is scarcely any down time in this novel: Nick gets a call that the door to his house is wide open on page 22, and from that moment on he is spiraling down a greased chute of suspicion, guilt, and recrimination.  Since Nick's and Amy's sides of the tale are told in alternating chapters, you might wonder how the reader is kept in suspense, but Amy's side of the story is told from the point of view of her diary, and it is particularly through her entries that we get to discover a side of Nick that doesn't look good at all.And there's more, so much more: as the police get involved and the evidence at the house points to a staged fight, as one might guess all signs point to Nick.  But as Nick tells his side of the story and we begin to learn more about him, he and the case of his missing wife begin to peel away like metaphorical layers of an onion, and what we discover about their marriage, and about them, grows increasingly dark (more about this dark side later).Because Nick is under pressure now: under the white-hot glare of not only the police investigation, but also the public outcry led by a vengeful celebrity talk-show host, Nick's foundations are rooted out and torn from him.  Even his twin sister---the person closest to him his whole life--begins to see him as a foreigner, alien to her.  It is all Nick can do to even exist.And that's when things start turning seriously sinister.Let me tell you this: I'm a clever guy, and I'm always trying to think ahead of the story I'm reading, but there are surprises in this story that rocked me.  I mean, there are places in this novel where no force of nature or man could have torn me away from my reading...I'm not kidding.  It's that compulsive a tale.  My biggest problem lay in not being able to tell someone what I was reading--I just had to talk about this story.So, without telling you a thing about the plot other than what you'd read on the book flap--I sit here in my den, typing on my processor, imploring you to read this tale.  EVEN WHEN IT PLAYS ITS HAND, even when it lays its cards in front of you and shows you how it has played you, this novel still has surprises in store.For that's really where the true secret of ""Gone Girl"" lies: not in the footsteps we follow to find out what happened, but in the mind of its perpetrator.  It's a tale that thrills in the fraying of nerves as it takes its twists and turns--especially when you find out it's been playing with your mind all along.In regards to those reviews of one- and two-stars, I will add one piece of advice: yes, the ending IS dark.  This mystery is not going to wrap up everything in one happy little ball--understand that.  But really, I would have been disappointed if it had.I loved ""Gone Girl,"" and I'm on my way to get ""Sharp Objects"" and ""Dark Places,"" her two previous works.  Flynn has decidedly earned my respect.Now--stop reading and BUY IT!!
It's hard to describe this book without giving anything away, and it doesn't sit nicely in any one genre. It's sort of a who-dunnit, but not really, and it's sort of a thriller, but it's one of the funniest thrillers I've ever read. Nick Dunne is a laid-off writer who moved back to Carthage, Missouri to take care of his ailing mother. His wife is also a laid-off writer, the inspiration for her parents' Amazing Amy series of children's books. On the morning of their fifth anniversary, Amy goes missing. The living room shows signs of a struggle. The door was left standing open. And the police are very interested in Nick's whereabouts...And we'll leave it at that. This is the new ""it"" book for the summer, so when you're finished with the Fifty Shades trilogy, this is what you should be moving on to. And unlike Fifty Shades, Gone Girl is extremely well-written and full of quotable lines. Here are a few favorites:""Trying to make myself remember the suffering in Darfur. To put things into perspective. Which, I guess, is just further exploiting the people of Darfur.""""Does anyone to anything profusely except apologize? Sweat, I guess.""Flynn captures the culture of Missouri flawlessly (after Winter's Bone, this is the second thriller I've read that was set in Missouri, so is that a thing now?) and very believably articulates the relationships between the characters. Amy and Nick repeat each others jokes and both misuse the word ""literally"". Amy and his twin sister margo finish each other's sentences, etc, etc. And if the prose doesn't suck you in, the plot twists will.I did have a couple of problems with this book. The ending deflated a bit, not that it was an unsatisfying ending, but it felt like a coda on top of a coda on top of a coda. And then there's the fact that the two principle characters are writers. Aren't all the lead characters in popular literary fiction either writers or academics? Neither of these ruined the book for me.So do yourself a favor and add this one to your summer reading list. It's remarkably well-executed fun and it's the book everyone will be talking about in a month.
I bought this book based on editorial reviews and ""best-seller"" popularity. Haven't read Flynn's previous books. I feel this book is best read without knowing too many details beforehand. It's the unexpected twists and turns as well as Flynn's thought-provoking process of getting into the minds of Amy and Nick that made this so enthralling for me.Normally I'm a slow reader, taking extra time to visualize places, people, what they are thinking and doing. I found Flynn's writing style to be deft at creating thoughts and scenes and with such clarity I finished this book in 4 days (and nights). I could hardly put it down. Flynn leads you where she wants you to go, then abruptly turns a corner and I found myself thinking, ""I never would have guessed that!"" She is a master at character development--delving into the darkest areas of the human mind and exposing shocking events or tender thoughts impossible to predict. She writes with such a skillful command of language, you read what people do sometimes say to each other--as well as what they may be thinking, but don't say. You think you know them--but you don't. Even characters and places that may seem minor at first, become something more meaningful--sinister, sympathetic, vindictive, weak, self-destructive.If you like psychological thrillers and enjoy the process of  trying to figure out how stories will end, who will win, lose and how, aren't tempted to peek, skip details, rush ahead. read the last page or otherwise destroy the element of shock or surprise, then you should thoroughly enjoy this book. I went back and read the reviews here after finishing, noting that some mention ""soft porn""  due to frequent graphic sexual details, violent situations, language, etc. Though true, I felt they were important to understanding the characters on a deeper level and in context with the story line.
Imagine, if you will, a happily-ever-after kind of marriage that slowly turns into a worst-case-scenario:  a minefield of hidden explosives.  You would then understand a little bit about the lives of Nick and Amy Dunne.She was the main character in her parents' Amazing Amy series that made them rich.  She was the only child, spoiled, receiving all the attention, yet craving something more.And there is Nick, born in the Midwest and dreaming of a special kind of life.  A writer, someone who could also claim the spotlight.  But then the economy collapsed.  He and Amy both lost their New York jobs and that life.  It's back to Missouri to Nick's hometown for the two of them, and the slow dismantling of the perfect life begins.Suddenly a dramatic shift:  it's their fifth anniversary and Amy is gone.  The search, the spotlight on Nick as a killer, and the now flat and devastated turf of their lives is shown to the clamoring public.Told through alternating points of view, we see Nick's story and what he shows us in bits and pieces; then we see Amy's tale told through diary entries.But in several surprising twists and turns, we begin to form a new picture of each of them. Gone Girl: A Novel reminds me a bit of the kaleidoscope toy I enjoyed in childhood:  you turn it one way, and the pieces assemble.  Then, with another shift, you have something entirely different.Gillian Flynn kept me captivated all through this story, and I kept guessing about how things would unfold, but she surprised me still again.  Could I even imagine how it would all turn out?  No...but then again, grab your kaleidoscope and watch it all reassemble in still another way.  Five stars!
Nick & Amy.Two young aspiring writers who managed to find each other and who fell in love during warm summer nights, silly weekend trips and who bonded over all the whimsy and fun that NY offered them. Fast forward to their five year wedding anniversary and Nick is a mess and Amy nowhere to be found...Gone Girl is a story about a marriage that is hijacked buy something twisted, a need to play and make people learn their lessons. It's a highly intelligent and witty story with more plot contortions and turns than a labyrinth in the middle of a grand garden. I was surprised with myself when it ended that I still rooted for one character over the other, you think you know them but you don't ( just like with people in real life) and as with all books the reader will add his own personality to the enjoyment of the outcome.The writing style and the content reminded me of my favorites; Kate Christensen, Jennifer Egan, Greg Iles and some Hitchcock thrown it, the book will punch you in the gut and smack your in the chin and tell you to keep reading or else.. I had a blast diving into this story every time I opened the book and it's tales like this one that stay on my mind longer, parts of it cling inside and come up every once in a while when I rethink my favorite reads. I don't suggest that everyone jumps on the popular book band wagon because I don't really care about that status, read what speaks to you and if you love it then great, but I see people read it only to bash it with glee because it is popular, and that's just sad. Hating books because they are popular and wanting to rip them apart is more psycho than the actual characters in this book ... just saying!- Kasia S.
I think I may be in love with Gillian Flynn.This is the story of Amy Elliott Dunne and Nick Dunne, the perfect couple in the ideal marriage. It's a storybook tale . . . or maybe it isn't. One day Amy goes missing, and it slowly begins to dawn on you that one (or both) of the two is a sociopath. Gone Girl is plotted almost as diabolically as Catch 22. It's near-perfect, with jaw-dropping shocks and shivers all the way to the very last page.Amy is the Golden Girl, raised in wealth and privilege in New York's intellectual society, brilliant and drop-dead gorgeous. She is Amazing Amy, the subject of her loving parents' eponymous series of children's books that instilled in a generation a powerful sense of right and wrong. Amazing Amy is everyone's ideal.Nick is a son of Missouri, a Tom Sawyer-like figure who grew up near Hannibal and literally once held a job impersonating Huck Finn for tourists. Himself drop-dead gorgeous and a brilliant writer, Nick is the perfect husband for the perfect woman.As this story unfolds in Flynn's expert hands, we learn more and more about these extraordinary people. At length, we figure out that things can't possibly turn out well. But we can't possibly guess how.The style with which this thrilling tale is told is simply intoxicating. Gone Girl is one of the very best novels of of suspense I've ever read. For once, a novel is topping the New York Times bestseller list that isn't (a) written on James Patterson's assembly-line, (b) a potboiler about the rich, powerful, and famous, or (c) female S&M porn. If you have even remote interest in thrillers, read this book.
Amy Dunne is missing. Her devoted husband is called back to their home, to find the front door open, the remnants of a struggle in their living room and Amy gone. Gone, gone, gone. As concern grows to panic and transforms into suspicion, Nick has to unravel Amy's clues she's left behind. Because as days go by, Nick becomes the prime suspect in the disappearance.I loved this book. Not since the last Tana French book have I been so taken with a mystery book. Flynn is in superb form. Her writing is easy, effortless, flowing and laying down crumbs of information here and there, leading the reader off on many paths, none of which may be the right path. Nick is self centered, shallow and selfish. But is he really capable of hurting his wife? We learn more about Amy through Amy's diary, her light, smart voice telling us her side of the story. Her side of a very different marriage, a very different Nick.Through the entire story, I couldn't hold down either of them. I like Nick, I like Amy. I hate Nick, I hate Amy. Their characters are these layered, angry, raging humans, mourning the loss of what they had and who they were. One sentence from Flynn and my view on both of these characters could change dramatically. The darkness, the confusion, the mind games. Who knows you better than your spouse? And what if they could use that against you?Clever, fast and truly haunting, Gone Girl is a thrilling ride. My first Gillian Flynn book and it certainly won't be my last. I know I'll still be thinking about this story days from now, and perhaps giving my husband a undeserved suspicious glance.Find more of my reviews on [...]
Gone Girl is a meticulously crafted dark thriller, filled with lies and deceit. It exposes the torturous pain caused by toxic relationships, and the chilling manipulations of the sociopathic mind. I found myself quickly sucked into the story, and then kept on edge as the author brought me through creepy mazes of unexpected twists and turns. This intriguing book is so cleverly written, that as soon as I finished it, I started to re-read it. I wanted to make sure I didn’t miss any of the hidden gems during my first go around.￼I am utterly amazed that I could like a book like this as much as I did, considering that I really didn’t care for any of the characters. This is one of those books where telling too much will really spoil it for the reader, so I won’t. However, I will say that this is a story of deceit, and just when you think you know what’s happening, you’ll find out that you really don’t.  Nothing is what it seems. What makes this story especially chilling is that this nightmare could actually be some unlucky person’s reality.Nick and Amy found that their perfect relationship wasn’t so perfect after all. And what they thought they had known about each another ended up being all lies. So they became fast learners of one another. Their survival depended upon it.The book’s ending evokes strong emotions and opinions, but the ending really isn’t as vague as many readers would have you believe. Read the clues, the answers are all there.I highly recommend giving this book a read. It is very well written. Plan to be entertained, challenged and manipulated – and to enjoy every moment of it!
On the day of Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary, Amy disappears.  Their marriage hadn't been perfect; they had both been unhappy for awhile and Nick was dreading the elaborate anniversary celebration he was certain his wife had planned.  Instead he comes home to an empty house that shows signs of a struggle.Nick is cooperative about the investigation, but he is also hiding secrets of his own that make him look shady to both the police and the reader.  Amy's diary entries tell an entirely different story about their marriage than the one that Nick is spinning, and it's hard to tell who to trust.By the middle of the book, it is clear that nobody is to be trusted, and things in Nick and Amy's life are much more complicated than either one claimed.Both Nick and Amy are despicable people.  I wasn't rooting for either one of them in this story.  However, the tale was told in such a compelling and suspenseful way, it was impossible to put down.  I really liked the way that Amy's diary entries started in the past and led the way through the history of the couple's courtship and marriage, until they caught up to the present and dovetailed with the story Nick was telling about his wife's disappearance.  I liked how there were bombshells dropped all along the way, and it was difficult to sort everything out until near the end of the book.  It kept me guessing with the way it twisted the truth and switched from narrator to narrator.  I was never quite sure who to believe, and I was continuously surprised by the direction in which the book moved.
This is Gillian Flynn's third novel. On a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri, it is Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are being wrapped and reservations are being made when Nick's clever and beautiful wife disappears from their rented McMansion on the Mississippi River. Husband-of-the-Year Nick isn't doing himself any favors with cringe-worthy daydreams about the slope and shape of his wife's head, but passages from Amy's diary reveal the alpha-girl perfectionist could have put anyone dangerously on edge. Under mounting pressure from the police and the media--as well as Amy's fiercely doting parents--the town golden boy parades an endless series of lies, deceits, and inappropriate behavior. Nick is oddly evasive, and he's definitely bitter- is he really a killer? This novel switches back from Nick's character to Amy's character. I completely devoured this book. I was always wanting more and more, especially from Amy. Amy for me, was the most interesting, rapidly changing character. Flynn, made the character so real for me. I really got connected with Amy. Also, I was really impressed with the way Flynn, depicted Nick's conflicting emotions for his wife Amy. One minute he wants to kill her, the next he's upset, wondering where Amy's well being is, or he's in love with his wife. I highly recommend this novel. If you love a good thriller/mystery you will fall in love with this novel. Also, I highly recommend Gillian Flynn's previous novels Dark Places, and Sharp Objects.
I just finished reading this book.This story is CRAZY.  Intricate, detailed, well thought-out, and surprises you at every turn.  I could not put it down, I needed to keep going.  I spent the first half of the book feeling and thinking one thing.  Then my whole Gone Girl world was flipped upside down and then I spent the next part of the book thinking and feeling another thing.  And then I had no idea what to think.  And then it concluded in a way that was shocking, numbing, disgusting and satisfying all at once which is so conflicting I know, but I felt all those things.  This story and these characters are conflicting and we get to experience those conflicting emotions as we read this book.  It's an insanely clever study into the way people think and justify motives in certain situations.  It made me wonder what I and my loved ones are truly capable of deep down.As the reader you really get into the mind of the main characters Nick and Amy Dunne.  As the narration went back and forth between the two I felt as though I was switching from being Nick and then being Amy.  When you put yourself as the narrator it's hard not to agree with their feelings and thought processes.  I questioned my sanity and morality so many times because of this!It's unbelievable to think that humans can be capable of such things described in this book.  It's so sick, cruel, selfish, and evil.  Yet at the same time I couldn't help but admire the brilliance of these ... lets call them, events.
Gone Girl is one of the most complex novels I've ever read. During the first few chapters, I was annoyed with Amy and the sing-song quality of her narration. I kept asking myself, ""What's all the fuss about this book?"" But the more I read, the more I understood and it really hit me at about 45%, after which I could not put the book down. For the first half of Gone Girl, I felt sort of uncomfortable while reading until I realized why. It's the writing - it's so hateful and angry. It makes you feel like you're the dinner guest of a spatting couple and can't escape. But it's more than that; it's malicious and hateful and you want to turn away from it. Once I realized where the 'sour taste' was coming from (and that it wasn't directed at me!), I really got into the story of Nick and Amy. Every time I thought I had an idea where the story was going, something happened to direct me somewhere else. Flynn's writing is masterful; the characters she created are practically indescribable (they're that baffling). And what's more is that she created two people who understand each other so well, whose twisted minds are so perfectly matched, that it seems inevitable that they will self-destruct. Nick and Amy are totally dysfunctional as a couple and as individuals, but they are soul mates. Are they better off apart? Or do they need each other to balance the crazy? As for the much debated ending, I thought it was perfect. Definitely read this book.
I got the audio version downloaded to my phone for a long road trip.  I came very close to turning it off because of the person's voice.  It was so monotone and definitely does not match up to this incredible story.  Being a mom, I would like to point out there is a lot of cussing in this book from the get go. I would not let my kids ( teenagers) read this, but I immediately called my friend to recommend this book.That aside, this is a must read.  It is written from both the husband's and wife's perspective.  It goes back and forth with each chapter. It flows flawlessly. I love books written in this way.The author has a way of describing the characters in such a way that you feel you know them intimately. This is done in a way that it does not become so wordy that you end up jumping whole paragraphs of nothing but descriptive words.  I hate books that seem to be adding those kinds of paragraphs just to fill pages.The book has so many actions that are ""out there"", but clever enough to actually happen.It is hard to write a review without giving away much. However, just when you think you are at the end of the story, comes an ending that no one could see coming.  You finish the book with a deep sense of someone settling for far less than life could offer.  It stays with you for a long time.Loved it!
This thriller is the literary equivalent of a roller coaster ride. The story unfolds in chapters that offer alternating perspectives of a husband and his wife, who went missing on their fifth anniversary.The husband is the prime suspect and he certainly seems guilty. At first. Then you think he's in the clear. Or not... And is his wife truly a spoiled, overindulged rich girl? Or is she a long-suffering soul trying to reconnect with a distant husband? Or something else entirely? You'll second-guess yourself throughout - it's that kind of book.Flynn pulls you into the story quickly. But every time you think you've figured out what's going on, who's doing what (and to whom), the shift in perspective in the next chapter makes you realize that this is no simple missing persons case.As you are drawn into the book, any allegiances you have for a particular character shift with each chapter. It all seems so basic at first, but as the characters reveal themselves nothing is as simple as it seems.I stayed up late to finish this book - it was that good, and I had to know how it was all going to end. It's one of the most fascinating and unexpected books I've ever read - the ending left me stunned.
There is no need to outline the plot of GONE GIRL, so many other reviewers have already done so, and there's a good synopsis on the product page.Gillian Flynn has done a magnificent job of crafting a fine story filled with chameleon-like characters who live different definitions of truth and happiness. In the process she jerks the reader back and forth between sympathizing with and despising some of her characters, and each jerk is a satisfying jolt. GONE GIRL slyly comments on marriage, society, and the ways people manipulate or reconcile themselves to their situations. It is also an insightful study of how we see ourselves, and how we present ourselves--questioning if any of us are the individuals we think we are, or something that was formulated from pop culture.Despite the analytical aspect, GONE GIRL is thoroughly entertaining. It is so well written it makes many other current novels seem like punishments when we read them (after reading GONE GIRL, I immediately began another novel and found myself hating the author because it was so inferior). The story keeps us guessing--not ""who done it?"" but ""what could possibly be next?""--and GONE GIRL is thoroughly engaging
As you may have garnered from the other 15K reviews, Gone Girl is the story of the vindictive unraveling of the Dunne marriage.  Amy and Nick Dunne are both brilliant, both egocentric, and both wholly unlikable characters--and yet it's impossible to stop reading them.  Even scarier, especially to anyone who has ever been in a long term relationship, totally relatable.  They may be sociopaths, but they highlight a lot of the super-petty issues common in relationships. If you're like me, you'll put the book down every so often to hug your spouse.  But, I digress, this is not a relationship-aid, it just has an element of rude awakening mixed in, it is, an amazing mystery/thriller.  When the mystery unravels the book is far from over, and you're still wondering what's going to happen, in the long run, to the main characters.  I don't want to give too much away, so I'll stop with that.  While some have said they're unsatisfied with the ending, I say, yes it's unsatisfying but it's PERFECT.  Of course that's what would happen.  If you've read the 400+ pages preceding the end, the ending shouldn't seem at all surprising.  It's an aptly just punishment for both of them.
I picked up this book at the recommendation of a friend, and I devoured it in about a week. I love books that surprise me and make me think, and Gone Girl definitely did that. I won't give anything away, other than to say that I was sincerely surprised at the outcome. I generally don't read mysteries/trillers/whodoneits, but I'm glad I made an exception for this one. I tend towards books with heavy character development, and that's what really drew me in - and kept me reading - about Gone Girl.The characters are expertly woven together, with bits and pieces from all parts of their lives. I felt like I really *knew* them by the end of the book (even if there were shameful, repulsive and unbelievable parts). Now - the ending leaves something to be desired, and I won't give anything away, but I wish it were a little clearer. I hate being left in the dark, but also love books that keep me thinking and discussing their plots well past when I've finished the book. This will be a novel I'll recommend to all my friends, just to see if their jaws drop like mine did.
All one has to do is read this book and it will put any plans for marching to the altar on hold real fast. Wow, what a thrill ride GONE GIRL is. Every once in a blue moon I will come across a book that I would put on the shortlist of my all-time-favorites. It happened with CIRCLE OF FRIENDS, THE HORSE WHISPERER, and THOSE WHO SAVE US. Add GONE GIRL to that list. This is one of those rare books that reels the reader in, holds you spellbound and mesmerized by the sheer insanity, and never lets go until the last page.While probably not a book for everyone, there are lots of curse words that some may find offensive, I found they added to the story. The profanity was not gratuitous by any means. It was real and compelling. The story and the characters were so realistic that I found myself getting all worked up and stressed out while reading. I was actually sweating in some parts. Once the reader gets entangled in this brilliantly conceived and even more brilliantly executed novel there is no turning back. You will find yourself staying up all night to read ""just one more chapter.""I read SHARP OBJECTS by Gillian Flynn and I hated it. It read like a lousy Lifetime Network ""disease of the week"" themed book. It's hard to believe the same person wrote GONE GIRL. The author has grown leaps and bounds and has crafted one of the most geniusly plotted books I've read in years. I liked it so much I'm tempted to go back to page one and start all over again. Don't walk, RUN to your nearest local bookstore and pick this up today. You'll be sharing it with your friends soon. Trust me.
I often struggle with books that take place in the present. Any reference to modern pop culture immediately take me out of the moment, and detract from a story's ability to feel like a classic. Not so with ""Gone Girl."" Somehow, Flynn write in the NOW, but still offers a timeless tale for the ages.As a 33-year-old, I can really identify with this book. It often feels like my world, instead of someone else's.Whether it's references to icons from my childhood, or just ways of phrasing certain thoughts or observations, it's familiar and yet invigorating. I read it an often think: ""Wow, that's completely spot-on, but I had never thought about it so consciously as to put it into words. But Flynn did and they are the perfect words to use.""This book is nostalgic, suspenseful, eloquent and well-synced with the minds of today's young-ish (emphasis on the ""-ish"") American adult. I can't wait to see what the next two books have to offer.
This is a love it or hate it kind of book, as I think the reviews here reflect. I came down on the side of love it---it's amazing.If you need a likeable narrator, this book is not for you. The voices of this book are consistently fascinating, but deeply, deeply, hidiously, twistedly, deliciously flawed.If you need a tidiness in the ending, this book is not for you. There's been a lot of kerfluffle about it, but I thought the end was note perfect. It was the best kind of conclusion, by which I mean, it surprised me and at the same time I had this dawning feeling that it was inevitable. The book could not have ended so truthfully in any other way.It reminds me of IN THE WOODS, another book whose end polarized readers, and which  I loved as much as I loved this one. I can also see fans of THE SECRET HISTORY or Jennifer McMahon's DISMANTLED eating this up like candy. If you liked any of those, this is probably right up your alley.
I bought this book because I saw it on a list of novels with plot twists - I was searching for something like the Sixth Sense or Shutter Island which had a final, game-changing twist that made you want to re-read everything that had happened before.For anyone else brought to it like I was, Gone Girl does NOT have such a final plot twist. The last few pages do make you re-evaluate everything that has gone before, but only in that you thought it was a psychological thriller, and realise in the end that it's a satire. And it works, and is a good coda, but there's no mind-bending twist.That SAID... Gone Girl has twists (and twisted twists at that) in virtually every chapter, which more than makes up for the denouement. Flynn is a masterful plotter of her yarn - and it kept me utterly captivated - I can't remember the last time I was so eager to keep reading a book to find out what happens next - or what had happened before...
Really, I rounded up to 5 stars.....I truly don't want to give anything away, because it' truly worth buying this book...BUT SPOILER ALERT....I think the ending could have been MORE horrifying than it was.  And I only say this because the author is so talented.....she was able to keep me up at night reading this book & trying to figure out what the hell was going on.....she might have made the ending a bit more horrifying....The realization of this fate.But, that said - well done.  You really won't regret buying this book.  The author writes in a crisp suspensful narrative that will keep you reading till the wee hours & will uncomfortably make you think about your own marriage and all those little things you don't say to each other.  It's a mystery & psychological thriller.  As you relate to it, you are horriffed that you do, and at the same time will be thinking...""What the hell happened?"".  Buy it.  It's good.
If you're reading this review and have not read the book I highly recommend you stop. Not because I'm going to talk spoilers (which I am NOT going to do) but because you shouldn't read any reviews about this book. There's so many plot twists that if you happen to catch one of them in a review you'll ruin reading the book for yourself.That being said- Gone Girl IS fantastic. What starts off as a romantic marriage becomes a missing person case and then becomes something else entirely. A lot of reviews have spoken ill of the ending saying it didn't do the book justice. In my opinion the ending absolutely did the book justice. The last paragraph entirely summarizes the theme of the book.I wish I could write more substantial of a review- but I won't want to go ruining this book for any one who comes across this. That being said, sit down and prepare yourself for an amazing page turner.
After I was about 20 pages into ""Gone Girl,"" I asked myself why I'd gotten it.  I like an occasional mystery, but it's not my favorite genre (in fact, for many years I shunned them).  And I dislike books about dysfunctional families.  By about page 21, I was hooked, and I finished the book in two days. (I'd have finished it sooner but for my day job and what passes for my life.)I don't know if I'd call ""Gone Girl"" a ""literary thriller,"" as one Amazon reviewer called it, but it is definitely a thriller and a blazingly good read; it is extremely hard to put down.  And I disagree with the reviewers who disliked the ending; in fact, I think the ending was perfect for a book that kept me guessing on nearly every page.I will say no more, except that this was a great read and one that actually deserves its top spot on best seller lists throughout the land.
I hadn't read anything by Gillian Flynn, and have to admit that though I'm an avid reader, I wasn't familiar with her or even that she was from Kansas City.  I only picked up this book because of the fact that it takes place in Missouri, and I'm a fan of mysterys and suspense. I purchased this book on a Friday evening, and once I hit about page 40, I was hooked.  The distinct back and forth (chapter wise) of the telling of the story, the absolute disgust I developed toward both main characters, the surprises the writer provides with each chapter, added up to an amazing read.  I've never in my life read a book quite like this one.  I am definitely going to get her other 2 books.  As the title of my review states, I was up till 2:00AM finishing this book...24 hours after I purchased it.  Thank you, Ms. Flynn, for a book that I'm still talking about a week later.
Sharply written with introspective views that almost reveal too much!  The seriously flawed marriage between characters who border on psychopathy, provides a plot that is as interesting for the characters thoughts and motivations as it is for its' meandering story line. The reveal midway through takes your breath away from an otherwise predictable ""the husband did it"" story. The degree of self-damage that the main characters reveal may stretch credulity at times, but the intricate interworking of rationales for their behavior illustrate that beneath the surface, even the most normal of us may be badly broken and deeply disturbed.  As interested in how they are perceived as they are in resolving the battle majeure set before them, the characters ricochet from one disaster to another as balls-in-play in a pinball machine. A great read and a unique story!
I read this book reviewed by Time magazine and decided to buy it.The writer is very skilled and the whole book goes forward with two protagonists.  Each one is telling their own story about the events.  It is not confusing as you go back and forth between these two characters - but is rather exciting.Sometimes you see it going one way and then the story, and crime, go another way. Just when I though that I had it figured out - the author closed that door and showed you more information.This is a completely engaging novel and I really did have trouble putting it down. I actually stayed up into the wee hours of the morning - because I HAD to know.The ending is very good.I would suggest this book for any readers who think that they always know what is coming next. Not in this book!!!
Our book club met last night and had a lengthy and fabulous review of Gone Girl. We all thoroughly enjoyed the book and in particular that the story was told from two narratives of Nick and Amy,the main characters. The book has many twists and turns that keeps you surprised and intrigued up to the very end. The book plays with your mind and some members felt as they were being duped.A good example, of the author providing suspense, is when Nick is staying with his sister,Go, and suspicion of his involvement of his missing wife is rising. There is a knock on the front door and someone is asking to come in.It leaves the reader anxious to know who is on the other side of the door, but the chapter ends there. The reader must read a chapter of Amy's Diary before finding out who is knocking on the door.Most of the members did not like the ending and felt they were left hanging. The ending made cause for the members to wonder if there will be a sequel.The twists and turns were very clever. The club felt that Amy was devious, manipulative and crazy and  Nick had his set of character flaws but in the end they deserved each other.Enjoy.Last evening, there was lots of discussion on this book so we will give it 5 stars.
I am on vacation and needed a book that I couldn't put down.  GONE GIRL is that book!  After reading 2 reviews, i went with the 2nd person's advice to stop reading reviews and just get the book.  So I did, and I could NOT stop reading it (so thank u to that review person!)  If I cannot get through a first chapter of any book, I bail.  I was suspicious when I read the first person format, and how it toggled back and forth....I was quickly pulled in, however, and from there it was a race to the finish.  I am totally in agreement with the other reviews i have just read about the ending- let's just say that the process of reading this was so fabulous that you will love it until the last line- you simply want more.  I still will give it 5 stars because if she came out with a sequel, I would be first in line!
I read books based on the look of the cover (sorry I just do) then reading the reviews I was a bit skeptical...But then again, who can resist the first line ""a marriage can be a killer...""  ""Gone Girl"" is simply amazing... is not a romance, it is not a thriller, it is a true mystery of how a spouse can be, and how a spouse makes you (and vice versa). It takes you on a roller coaster, it is an absolute ride.Quick overview... Amy and Nick been married for 5 years... Amy goes missing on their anniversary... All clues point to Nick... What is Nick to do?... Why is she gone?...The book is set in three parts:First part moves on Nick's present and their past in Amy point of view...Second part moves to AmyThird part moves into ....  you just have to read it!
5+ stars!  I am absolutely in love with this book!The writing was phenomenal, fast-paced, almost lyrical.  Which was such a drastic contrast to the plot - not at all poetic.  But disturbing.  We are taken on a journey of a dysfunctional relationship between Nick and Amy that has more twists and turns, ups and downs than a roller coaster.  We go from loving to hating to loving to hating the characters.  As soon as you think you have ""it"" figured out, you learn you are wrong.This was so well-written I forgot I was reading fiction.  I live in Missouri, and a few times while reading, found myself thinking a road trip to the places named in the book would be interesting.This is not my normal go-to read.  But I am so glad I took the chance!
Gillian Flynn has an imagination that is almost frightening.  I was in such thrall reading this book that I was depressed when I came to the end. She uses a literary style in this book that I normally do not care for - the chapters alternate voices - but in this case it not only worked, but the book probably would not have been nearly as effective and gripping if written in another style. Her character development is deep and complex, and is at the crux of the novel. I can highly recommend this book, and I am anxious to read her other books, although I will have to restrain myself until I get a little work done, because if they are as absorbing as Gone Girl was, once I start Sharp Objects - the next one on my list - I will do nothing else until I finish it.
Flynn delivers on the promise of her first two novels with this exceedingly twisted, riotously funny and distressingly human novel. Nick and Amy Dunne, a young married couple recently relocated from New York to Missouri, are about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary -- until Amy disappears that very morning. Things look worse and worse for Nick, who finds himself accused of her murder. His chapters of narration alternate with entries from Amy's diary over the previous year ... and then things get really good! I would give this 4.5 stars due only to how repellent these main characters turn out to be. The book was great -- but I was glad to have Nick and Amy out of my life.
What I enjoyed most about Gone Girl were the plot twists and the character development.  The first part of the book had the characters, Nick and Amy, each telling their story, and as I'm reading, I find the contradictions between their stories curious, then a surprise comes in part 2 and from that point on, it was hard to put the book down.  The plot was well developed and there were just a few small parts that I thought were goofy, but overall I enjoyed this book greatly.  Several reviewers reported that they did not like the ending, but I did.  It wasn't an expected ending, and I found that to be fitting with the surprises throughout the book.  It is a good read!
The first chapter didn't really grab me, but when I clicked to the second chapter, I was hooked.  This book is so well written that I can't help but tell everyone I know about it.  You go back and forth between Nick's present day perspective to Amy's diary entries from the past.  Slowly, her diary brings us to present day Amy.  Just when you think you know what is going on, Flynn drops a bomb on you that you are totally unprepared for.  What a great book.  At the end of the book, you can't tell if you like the characters or if you hate them.  If anything, I certainly admire the characters because they are unimaginably smart and resilient.  Great read!
I bought Gone Girl Kindle edition for $1.99 when I first bought my Kindle Fire. I put off reading it, because I stupidly assumed it was just the Lacy & Scott Peterson story, but finally one evening I started it. I stayed up most the night and had to call in sick at work because I could not face the idea of not finishing this book. That rarely happens to me!The story and the characters grabbed my interest right away and then came the twists! I loved it so much, I bought her other 2 books before they were on special. I am cheap, but after Gone Girl, I wanted more! I seriously cannot remember the last time an author got to me like Gillian Flynn!
Twisted, riveting, and so, so good!  I thought I knew these characters so well, and then it was as if my world was turned upside down and I was trying to piece together the truth...or what I thought was the truth.  Jillian weaves you through this maze of deception, lies, love and revenge and shares this jouney through a unique perspective that joins the past and present together.  5 stars for this thrilling ride...it makes you think, really think.  Prepare for a handful of emotions as you sit in disbelief, hope and despair, on the edge of your seat, wanting to unravel the truth, wanting to end the madness...if that's possible...this book delivers!
Its been a while since I have been truly enthusiastic about a book.  People are going to love this book and people are going to hate it but at least its fresh and has some things to say while being an interesting read.  It is twisty and sick and fun. If you have been in or know somebody in a toxic relationship it may resonate with you more than you care to admit.  The way it ends is going to displease some readers but it does have an ending and personally I really liked it.  I read it in one long delicious sitting.  I have read flynn's other books.  Didn't care for Dark Places, liked Sharp Objects, but this is by far her best.
So many things to say about this book.  First, I must tell you that I actually listened to this book through Audible (an Amazon company).  I hope that didn't sway my opinion of this book... which is that I found it amazing.  I enjoyed its narration between the husband (Nick) and wife (Amy).  I loved that it switched between present and past.  Personally, I LOVED the ending.  Not a happy kind of love, but the ending was perfect for this book.  To me, it just made sense.  I've thought about this book a lot since I finished it.  I'm excited to move on to another of Flynn's books.  I would recommend this book 100%.
'Gone Girl' has one of the cleverer plots and story lines for mystery fans. The reader is given no clue how the story will evolve, leading to surprise after surprise. We are exposed to each of the main characters's point of view on their relationship, wondering who is the protagonist and who is the antagonist. The denouement leaves the reader anticipating a sequel, as the characters become persons of interest with a potential for future surprises. The dialogue is sprinkled with vulgarities, but they are appropriate for the characters and the situations they experience.D K Elliott, Author, The Canyon Caper
Decided to give this book a try after reading some good reviews. Was pleasantly surprised by how the author twisted what could have been a predictable story line. The first section had me hooked even though I thought I knew where the story was headed. Liked the different views of the story from both the husband and wife's perception. Started the second section and ""pow"", the story took a crazy turn. Could not put the book down and kept reading to see what was next. The final section was interesting. Not quite how I wanted the story to end but it kept me guessing right up to the last page.
Luckily it was a weekend when I started reading Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl, because after a few chapters I could not just put it down - all of Sunday went by in Gone Girl's world.This is a great crime fiction, though a very original take on the genre.  So many sudden and unexpected changes, the characters well drawn, and increasingly less likeable as you get to know them - sorting their opinions of themselves from reality was one of the challenges and delights of this book.You will find no spoilers in this review ... just a recommendation for a great read!
Wow, all I can say is...wow. This story did not go the way I thought it was going to at all. Every time I thought I knew what was about to happen, it threw me for a loop and went in a totally different direction. I think that's one of the reasons I enjoyed it so much, that and the fact that it wasn't your typical type of story of boy meets girl, girl goes missing, boy is convicted of her murder, no this story took it to a whole nother level. I'm not sure I even knew what crazy was before Amy Elliot Dunne. It was never boring and predictable, that's for sure.
This book surprised me as the story turned in a different direction than what I anticipated. But that's a good thing. It gave the whole story a bit of originality and kept me reading to find out what would happen next. Unlike some who have read this book, I actually liked the ending. I thought it fit the nature of the story. The only thing I didn't like, and this is relatively minor, was that it took a while for the story to really get interesting. Other than that, I would highly recommend this book to anyone that is intrigued by the description.
I really enjoyed this book from beginning to end. I know the characters aren't likeable, but that's the point. A lot of reviews say how the ending was terrible, but I didn't think so. I think it felt right for the whole theme of the book. I downloaded it on a Saturday and read the first two or three chapters and couldn't stop thinking about it when I went out later that night....on Sunday I spent the whole day (a beautiful day where I should have been outside) reading. Couldn't get enough. I will check out some other books by this author.
As usual, I am late to the party. As a rule, I don't like to watch what everyone else is watching, or read what everyone else is reading. But this book has been in the back of my mind to read ever since I read (or heard) that it was a great book. And it is indeed a great book. Great writing. Great plot. Great twists and turns. My only complaint is that it just went on and on. Maybe a little too much. But it is a great book, no doubt. Hooks you like a fish and keeps you squirming until you get to the end. Well done Ms Flynn!
Superbly written thriller.  Amy and Nick are a young married couple who both lose their glitzy New York jobs. They move to Nick's hometown in Missouri to take care of his aging parents--and there things start to go down hill.  Amy is not the person we think she is in her complicated diaries; she writes about loving Nick and how she feels as a woman and what she needs...then she disappears. And Nick is the main suspect. What happened? Follow many clues.Gone Girl is now a new movie starring Ben Affleck.
The owner of our local indie book store recommended this for me and I LOVED it. Everytime I thought I knew and understood a character, the author slipped in something new that turned everything upside down. Wow!! I went through liking, hating, feeling sorry for...basically all emotions with each character. While the end was wonderfully surprising, I wasn't shocked. I've seen similar in real life.And that's all I'm going to give you. No need for me to ruin the experience for you by giving any details.
This may be the scariest book I've read in years.  Told in alternating chapters from husband's and wife's points of views, it is a story of a marriage gone bad ... and from bad to worse, then even worser.  Neither character is all that likeable, both are entirely believable, the plot twists are not in the least bit contrived, and you get sucked in deeper with every twist. And the twists get twistier and twistier.  This is a sneaky piece of work, perfectly-written and worth every minute spent with it.
Ignore the other reviews. This is masterfully written, with scalpel sharp characterization, and one of the few books where the instant I finished, I knew I'd read again. And again. Once you realize what's really happening, you want to go back and parse every sentence from both characters. Yes, the characters are unlikable. They're hilariously screwed up, dysfunctional brilliant idiots. I don't watch movies or read books to be lulled by pablum. I want my brain engaged. This was great fun.
I picked this book  because of a newspaper article about the enormous amount paid by Reese Witherspoon and company for the screen rights.  It makes a slow start and then gets going to the point that I didn't want to put it down.  Gillian Flynn creates the most diabolical woman since ""Fatal Attraction"" and the most amoral man since - - well, you name one.  All I can add is the two of them deserve each other.  I had the plot figured early on, but certainly not the ending. - - Ed Weber
When I purchase a book from amazon.com, I go on line on my computer & check the New York Times Best Sellers list. When I find a book that looks interesting, I sample the first few pages. By then I can tell if the author's style has sucked me into the story. Gillian Flynn has done just that with the 3 books I have read. GONE GIRL  turned the reader into despising her husband, Then seeking justice for him in many twisted events. I was amazed at how far revenge could take a person.
I am telling you  run, do not walk to the nearest library or amazon and get this book. I read read read. this one gets the prize for the ""Best Book Sally has Read all Year:! A mystery wrapped around an enigma, around a murder mystery, a marriage, a shocking ending. How this writer came up with this book is a wonder. I ran to the library to get her other books, they had never heard of Gillian Flynn. I said ""you will"". this will be the next hot movie. wonderful reading. sak 66
I downloaded the audio book from my library (very well narrated).  Be careful reading reviews because there are lots of twists and you might read something that gives away too much.  The characters are more intriguing than lovable and the story is, for the most part, unpredictable. I see a lot of reviews saying the ending was awful but I thought it was well done.  The story didn't end abruptly; it was just so good that I wanted more.  I would definitely recommend this book.
This was a well thought-out story that gradually comes together as past and present chapters get closer and closer to each other. Each chapter is written from either the husband's or wife's perspective which gives you a glimpse into both minds...until you're hit with the twists and turns that make everything you thought you knew was true completely wrong. You will never predict the outcome of any event in this story. Great exploration of a truly disturbed person! Loved it!
Finally, a book where the next step is often a shock and not obvious.  Very different book....well written, hard to put down, great characters, interesting story....really gets into the psychology of the characters so that you understand why they behave the way they do.  This also makes the characters seem very real and , like real people, very complex.I have recommended this novel to many of my friends; one of the best I have read in a long time.
I read an article about this book in Time Magazine. The article intrigued me and upon reading the book, I wasn't disappointed. The writing style was interesting. The female character was depicted through most of the book by her diary entries, the male through his thoughts and actions. I do not want to spoil the read, but truly both women and men will enjoy it. It was very interesting throughout and explicit in some areas, which made it difficult to put down.
This book is very entertaining and jumps right into the plot line.  The author has done an excellent job of showing us how an alternative view and a belief in a personality truly changes our perspective.  This book has twists and turns and very dynamic characters.  I was very impressed how the author developed each character at different points in the novel, a true insight into human personality and perspective, and what we do for love and/or acceptance.
DO NOT READ SUMMARIES OF THIS BOOK BEFORE YOU READ IT.  What makes the book so great is not knowing what is going to happen next.This book was great and so well written.  I think it is better than her other books by this author and by the end I had to finish the book as fast as I could because I absolutely had to know what was going to happen.  The last entry of the book was amazing, such a perfect way to end it.  Definitely recommend it.
I loved this book!  This is a difficult one to review, as it is important not to give away any of the storyline.  I can tell you the author has a unique way of telling his story.  His narrative and dialogue draw the reader in. This is one of those books that I could not put down.  I must admit, I hesitated purchasing the book as I did not know if I would enjoy a book about a man accused of murdering his wife.  I only wished I hadn't hesitated.
Literary whodunnit psychothriller. Flynn's Gone Girl is compelling, sharp, very well-written (slightly overwritten), very well executed, clever, caustic, showcases a great ear for dialogue. It's not perfect, but what is? Couldn't put it down. Don't listen to the haters and the criers over the untidy ending. As I insularly ask all haters: Can you even try writing something as captivating? Oh, you can't? Shocking. Highly Recommended.
I couldn't put this book down. I enjoyed the mystery surrounding the disappearance as well as the back and forth chapters from the point of view of the husband and then the wife. If you are married you can definitely relate to some of the things the characters talk about. Yes, as others have said, the ending is a little unsatifiying but it seemed somehow appropriate. Don't let this stop you from reading it. It is a thrill ride!
As mentioned in an earlier review ""I thoroughly enjoyed this book, even when it made me itchy and twitchy and feel uncomfortably exposed.""  So much so that after I read the first third I put it down for several days.  I couldn't stop thinking about what I'd read so I had go back and finish it and I'm so glad I did.I didn't want to think that there are Nick and Amy relationships in the real world -- but the more I consider it the more I believe there are.P.S.  New York and Missouri as described by Ms. Flynn?  Ouch.  Think maybe I'd move to a sunnier and happier place -- maybe Portland.
I read this book over a year ago and still think about it.  It has so many layers.  It is easy to tell that Gillian Flynn knew what she was doing and knew the intricate details of the characters.  This is a truly chilling read.  It starts as a novel that is very interesting, but about halfway, she SHOCKS you.  Then you are captivated.  The final sentences of this book will send chills through you.  So intelligently written.
Just finished reading this book. I could NOT put this book down!! I cannot stand formulaic suspense thrillers. I have stopped reading many books because I could see the end from the beginning. I was shocked and surprised on almost every page. Wonderful story line. The ending left us hanging a little. Maybe a series? Not sure I'll read her other books because of the subjects and plot but this one is completely different.
I loved this book! Every night I would pass up watching television or doing something else because I was looking forward to this book so much.  I am not a fan of the ordinary murder mystery books or lawyer novels that so many people are writing these days.  This book was very different than anything else I'd read, with many twists and turns.  I would highly recommend it and plan on reading more books by this author.
This book is so amazingly clever it is hard to put down as the twists and turns of this woman's (Amy) diabolical mind seems to be unfathomanaly endless. I would have given this book 4 1/2 stars had there been that option because I did not like the ending at all, but I can't myself think of how it could have ended other than several of the fears one has while reading it. I definetely recommend reading this book!
There are so many surprises in this tale of a marriage on the rocks, so many dysfunctional characters and relationships, that I was constantly asking myself ""What next?"".  Even though I needed sleep, I kept starting the next chapter. Good writing, ingenious plotting, astonishingly believable personalities, and (despite what many reviewers felt) an ending that was, in my opinion, exactly what it needed to be.
Kept me interested and had enough twists that weren't necessarily surprising but were unsettling. This is especially true for the ending. This book left an impression, and I was so disturbed by the ending that I found I needed emotional support.Great writing and descriptions with few repetitions, main characters were well developed and you get a great understanding of the psyche of the characters
Gone Girl had me interested by the first chapter. I thought that it was well-written, and I liked the organization of the book. Every other chapter is told from the perspective of the husband, with the other chapters told from the perspective of the wife. The book kept me on my toes, had unexpected twists, and an ending that made me want to yell at both characters! Great book!
Gillian Flynn is an extremely talented writer. And Gone Girl is one of my top 5 books of all time. Can't put it down, page-turner, all the cliches apply. I'm not sure how I would have ended the book. Endings are tough. You are subject to criticism no matter what you do. Nevertheless, this was a fantastic read, funny, witty, often surprising, never boring. Fantabulous.
I have read all three novels by Gillian Flynn, and they are all wonderful. Gone Girl, however, is an outstanding book, with exceptional plot and characters. It was one of those books I couldn't stop reading once I started. The twists and turns of suspense kept me wondering to the end what was going to happen. My husband rarely reads, and even he was enthralled. Gillian is one of the greatest authors today in this genre, and I look forward to what she will write next. This book is highly recommended!!!!
This book was really,really something!! I thought at first it was one kind of story and then it turned into another kind and finally another and at the end a fourth!!! It is like a twisted dark road the characters are so flawed as humans! Even the so called normal ones are twisted! I highly recommend it. From beginning to end it keeps you hanging!!
This book may make some people feel uncomfortable in parts....my kind of book! Not only does it give amazing insights into the ""man/woman struggle"", it is so layered. It takes you on a journey you have been on before (he said/she said) in a unique and engaging way. It was very hard to put this book down even for a second! This is the first book I have read by this author and am now starting another tonight! Those who complain about the ending may be a bit confused. It was perfect!
Other reviewers have revealed what the basic story is about, so I won't waste time here.  I just want to include my praise of this book.  I found it intriguing and written in an interesting way, alternating between the voices of the husband and wife.  It was hard for me to put the book down as the twists and turns kept me turning pages.  My only complaint was the ultimate resolution.  I had to think about that awhile to realize that, of course, this was the only way it could end.
This book was not what I expected. So many twists and turns. I ended up loving it but in a sick way just because it was so not what I thought. It will keep you guessing for sure. I don't usually read suspense and thriller books but I m glad I read this. So hard to write about it and not give anything away! I thought it started out a little slow and didn't really get going until further in. This will not disappoint you! Would be a great book club or discussion book.
I am a Criminal Minds junkie, and most ""crime thrillers"" just do not cut it as far as what does it for me.  Flynn's characters were well-fleshed out enough for me to take a real interest in them.  Gone Girl kept me hanging on until the very end.  I loved loved loved it, and plan on checking out her other books as well.
It's been a while since I have read a book that I think about from the moment I wake up in the morning until the minute I go to bed at night but Gillian Flynn's new novel, 'Gone Girl', left my mind swirling every second I was reading it. It is the most thrilling novel I have read in a long time and I highly recommend it!
Oh my, if you like darkness masquerading as normal life, sweet christ on a cracker, read this book. I keep telling all my friends to read it so I can talk about it with them. I finished it months ago and still get all riled up when I think about it. I'm looking forward to the movie so I can think about it some more.
This is the 1st book I've finished in a day in years!  Although it may be labeled a crime drama or mystery, it is so much more than that.  The characters are insightful, the voice is true and clever, there are plot twists that do not allow you to leave until you have seen what will happen & how this will end.
I read hundreds of books a year and this one definitely will stay in my mind for a long time. It is suspenseful, frustrating, unexpected, and it totally blew me away! I literally could not put this book down. It is one if those stories that you have to know what happens. I cannot wait to see the movie!
This book was very well written and I couldn't stop reading it.All the details and the human psyque really keep you attached to it until the end.I felt manupalted into loving and hating the protagonists and I thought the way she writes was genius.I recommend it!
I enjoyed this story very much. I loved the way Flynn told the story using the diary format to portray the""missing"" character, allowing her to have a voice in the story as well. The twist and turns keep you reading non stop. I literally read this book in one sitting!
Gone Girl is well written, and actually I liked both characters (sorry guys), and I thought the ending was perfect - but that's because I think life doesn't neatly resolve and I like stories that go on beyond the last page, which this definitely does.I liked Nick all through, but I also liked Amy's clarity and refusal to put up with a crap marriage that didn't satisfy her at all.  It was an unconventional method of getting what she wanted, and not to be recommended, but as a fictional character in a story I actually loved what she did, it was very satisfying!  I loved the stuff about Cool Girl, because we women do change ourselves so that guys will have relationships with us while we bring up their kids - crumbs from the table guys and it's degrading.  Men are generally pretty like that, so it seems logical to go for a relationship you want with a man you actually are married to already.  After all the women-exploiting books, this really felt so good!  As fiction, of course.And allowing Amy off prison?  Well, there was another story here about the media and what it does to justice.  I have been close to a media storm myself and the distortions of the truth are really horrifying.  Add this to a police and justice system which relies on public approval for it's money and direction, and yes, I could believe that beautiful, dazzling, Amazing Amy could get away with it.  Again, it feels good that the girl gets off with it for a change and I can understand that lots of guys feel very uncomfortable with that, as a resolution they aren't used to.So Nick is just nice, ordinary, normal guy and Amy is the stuff of nightmares for nice, ordinary, normal guys.  I'm sorry but I love it.  A bit of neat table-turning.  Atta girl Gillian Flynn.
I couldn't wait to read this book because the movie is coming on netflix, and since books are always better than movies, I wanted to know the whole story before seeing the film.  This book was even better than I had expected.  The story alternates between the diary of Amy going back seven years, and the current day, first person account of her husband, Nick, beginning with the day Amy disappears, seemingly off the face of the earth.  It quickly becomes a foregone conclusion that Amy is dead and not just missing, and police attention soon focuses solely on Nick. The crime scene just doesn't support a robbery.  Nick has the unquestioning support of his twin sister, Go, and Amy's parents at the start of the investigation.  However, a series of events slowly come to light, placing Nick in a much poorer light.  Amy brought the money to the marriage, Amy bought the bar that Nick and Go operate, Nick has been having an affair.  Nick's own ""people pleaser"" personality works against him in enough ways that public opinion leans toward his guilt.  Then there is a discovery of outrageous credit card debt in Nick's name, and a hidden cache of pricey merchandise.  Nick's own investigation into possible alternative suspects from Amy's past lead nowhere, and Amy's parents turn against him.  It is apparent, both from Amy's diary entries and Nick's narrative, that life with Amy is no picnic.  At the very least, she is controlling, manipulative, neurotic and obsessed with herself.  Nick no longer loves her, but is that enough to make him kill her?  I don't want to throw any spoilers in here, but suffice it to say that the ending is startlingly unexpected.  I kind of hated the ending, but in all honesty, could not think of any other outcome.  HERE'S ONE THING I WANT TO WARN YOU ABOUT:  DO NOT, REPEAT DO NOT, READ THE NAMES OF THE CHAPTERS IN THE BEGINNING OF THE BOOK.  SKIP RIGHT PAST THE TABLE OF CONTENTS WITH YOUR EYES CLOSED.  I made the mistake of reading the table of contents, and it lessened the impact of the twists at the end of this book.  I highly recommend this book.  It is exciting, the characters are totally realistic and you will find yourself caught up in the dizzying whirlpool of lies and deceit that make up the world of Nick and Amy.
WARNING - MAY CONTAIN SPOILERSWhere do I begin? This novel is BRILLIANT, plain and simple. The main characters are strong and complex, and the story is totally engrossing, a real page turner.I have been curious about this book for a while now, before the movie came out, but having read the negative reviews first (I know, my bad, but it's what I always do) I decided against reading it, and I couldn't have been more wrong! After seeing a few gif sets of the movie, I decided to give it a go, and boy was I in for a ride! And I had read spoilers beforehand, but I was still completely sucked in and surprised by the turn of events.Amazing Amy is a psychopath, but that doesn't stop you from empathising with her and actually rooting for her. Granted, she takes things a bit too far, but I can guarantee there are people far worse than her in real life. The thing is that she does things to get her way and when things don't go her way, that's when her psychopathic brilliance unravels with full force. I that if Nick had not cheated, she wouldn't have gone as far as she did, she would have done something to get Nick's attention anyway, but nothing as crazy as what she actually did. She IS a psychopath, nothing will change that, it's what you don't do or stop doing that will get her going. And Nick cheating does exactly that, sends her into a tailspin (it was actually the cherry on top of the cake: both of them getting fired, having to lend most of her trust fund money to her parents, moving to Missouri...)I absolutely adored Amy's character! It is such a well written character and so different from every other female character that is out there these days. Nick was very good too.I don't understand how people can criticise the ending, a Hollywood ending where everything is tied up in a perfect little bow just wasn't possible, and honestly, who would want it?. She pulls the most ancient move of all time on the guy: trapping him with a pregnancy. And it is brilliant, because Nick knows he'll have to stay with her in order to protect that child, to ensure his/her safety, I have no doubt that Amy would go as far as killing her own child if something didn't go as she wanted or if Nick did something she didn't like (accuse him of child molestation or God knows what else). The ending is open, it leaves you wondering, because she thinks she has Nick in the palm of her hand, but does she, really? The question is, how will she retaliate to what he says: ""I feel sorry for you because every day you have to wake up and be you"", and she says she wishes he hadn't said that and that she can't stop thinking about it. To me it is obvious they will continue battling each other, to see who can outsmart who, Nick being at a disadvantage because he cares about his child; Amy, I don't think she gives a fu**, as long as she gets what she wants.I loved it, loved everything about it, the dual POV's, the diary entries, all the things she does, which some reviewers say are far fetched, I thought they were believable; a special mention goes to Margo, I really loved her character and the dynamic with Nick. Do yourself a favour and do not read the negative reviews, buy this book, and enjoy it! I'm going to start reading Ms.Flynn's other books now. Hats off to her for writing such a unique story.
If you want a detective to unravel the clues and restore justice then you'll be disappointed like many of the people who wrote bad reviews of this book. It's more like a Shakespearean tragedy set in modern times. I'm not giving a spoiler and suggesting that Nick and Amy are star-crossed lovers who will take poison together. I'm saying that you don't see an injustice staged in the first act that gets set right in the third act with a brief pause for concluding reflection by the morally reformed protagonist. The characters adapt to new crises in a highly dynamic plot.Some people said that the ending wasn't believable. I take issue with that. It was improbable, which is often the case of twisty and turny plot. But the plot was perfectly cohesive and it is just a rule of probability that any sequence of improbable events is far more improbable than each event in isolation. All sequences of events are improbable, but most of them don't amount to good stories. I'm glad that Gillian Flynn chose one of the great stories to write about. It was perfectly believable for the characters as written.If you have already seen the movie then you should still read the book for a few reasons. First of all, there's more detail there and you catch more of it. That's true of every book/movie, but it's really important for a psychological suspense. Second, a few things are different. The screenplay was a great adaptation, but it wasn't exactly the same story. And finally, the screenplay missed the opportunity to lay into some grotesque character flaws so thick that it was like comic relief in reverse. It really blows you away when things tense up after you've been laughing along for several chapters.Happy reading.
This has been one of the most creepy, psycho story I have read. It was brilliant. When I started reading it, I couldn’t decipher if I was liking it or not; but my interest was compromised. I had to get used to the storyline and process what was going on before I had some grip on the story. This is a storyline that engages you from the start and you have to depict the truth as you go along. When I reached about a 1/3 into the novel, I was all wrapped up in the story. There were parts where I was impatient because you are not sure of what is going on and you can’t confirm if your suspicions are correct.The end left me awestruck with the doubt of what had really happened. I am still not sure how it end. I have a hint but I am leaving it to the movie to decide. The movie will be premiering this coming October 3rd. I’ve read somewhere that the author wrote a different ending for the movie, I guess a more definite end. I can’t wait to see this movie. I really recommend you to read it prior going to the movies.The storyline is about a marriage that is broken without any acknowledgment, fueled with built-up frustration in silence. The trouble of this marriage is not really the problem of each party becoming distanced and hurt somehow but who they are, specially Nick’s wife. Amy is a sociopath and Nick is careless. Amy will make it her mission to make him pay for his rejection and for giving up in a way on their marriage. She is hurt and she will put her act of vindication in action. We will discover, along with Nick, what Amy is capable, how far she went and how genius she is. The manner in which Amy executed her plan and how she prepared everything just was beyond my imagination. At first, you don’t partake in any side. You don’t know who to believe, who to be faithful to. When I was reading the first part, I thought it was Nick who was the psychopath.The narration clearly exposes their thoughts, their conscious, their rumination, that’s how we follow along. It is written from the inside out. We are bouncing back and forth from each other’s perspective, angle, and interpretation of the situation. It reminded me a little of Tana French’s 1st novel ""In The Woods"". In addition, Amy’s diary is narrated in the past whereas Nick’s journal is written during her missing days. This gives us an overall scope of their marriage and helps us put the events in order.The language is rough and sarcastic. It becomes somehow unexpectedly hilarious when Nick curses his wife out because even us, the reader, we agree how outrageous and unbelievable this situation is.We reach the end not knowing for sure what is the next chapters in their lives.I felt sad about Nick being a prisoner and not having an apparent way out. I am putting my hopes on the movie to show us his fate.
This book is absolutely amazing. I noticed that people have given this book one star and this confuses me!The book opens up with Nick waking up on his fifty anniversary, knowing the day would be different than any other. The reason for this is because he's already made a decision, and even to him he knows it's an unfavorable one. The brilliance of the story is of how clueless Nick truly is. Was he ever in control? When he discovers this answer, it pales to a second discovery he learns a few hours later. His wife is missing, and the clues surrounding her disappearance sets off series of events that would challenge him in every way.What I liked most about this story is the character development. The progression is like a train wreck (a good one) that any reader can't pull their eyes from. Is the truth the truth? What happened really happened to his amazing wife, a woman when each time you read about her, you love her more and more and you just can't stop asking yourself is she dead. What engaged me to this novel the most was the slow realization of who is being played in the end. Is it Nick? Was it Amy? Is it the reader?Hahaha! I loved the answer to those last questions I posed. The way in which the writer spun and weaved, I think, was incredible. So much so that I read this book in one sitting and couldn't stop reading until I reached the end, which came at 5 AM. And boy was it worth it. As a fellow author, I applaud Ms. Flynn for her creativity with this one. If I have any complaints, it's the way the book ended, and by ending I mean exactly the last two sentences. I expected just a tad bit more, but even this couldn't stop this book from receiving five stars.I have never read any of Flynn's other books and I bought this book because it's been on the NY Times Bestsellers list for, I believe, a year now. I had to know what all the hoopla was about. People got this one right, as usual. It's a great read and I don't think any avid reader who loves mystery/suspense would be disappointed.Great job! This book is a good example of why I became a writer and why I continue to be a huge reader of fiction.
Amy Elliott Dunne has gone missing.  Nick Dunne, her husband, came home and found the front door wide open, and the cat on the porch.  Amy would never let the cat out of the house.  The cat would run toward the river.  The Mississippi, that is. Nick found the living room ransacked; the cocktail table was smashed, and the ottoman was overturned; the room was a mess.  Yet, Amy's favorite vase was intact in the corner of the room.  The police told Nick that blood had been mopped up from the kitchen floor.  A lot of blood.  Nick is a prime suspect.  Public opinion is against Nick.In ""Gone Girl,"" we are given a first-person narrative from Nick about his marriage to Amy and their life in Manhattan where they work, and their beautiful Brownstone in  Brooklyn Heights, where they live.  Eventually, they  both lose their jobs, and things start to go downhill.  We are then told that they move to Carthage, Missouri to be near Nick's parents, both of whom are in poor health.  Nick then tells us of Amy's disappearance on their fifth Anniversary, and how he is is questioned at length by the police, but swears that he did not harm Amy.  Interestingly, we are also given a first-person narrative from Amy, the Gone Girl, through a Diary, which dates back to 2010  and up to the time of her disappearance, three years later.  She, too, talks of their early married life, and their life in Manhattan, where they were employed, and of their home in Brooklyn Heights.  The marriage seems blissful at first, but then starts to deteriorate.  Nick lies and tell us when he lies.  We wonder if Amy is lying in some of her Diary entries.Toward the middle of the novel the truth emerges, and it's shocking; stunningly shocking.  As the story progresses further, more catastrophic events occur that amaze the reader.  The plot has intricate, complex developments that reach an intense climax.  As the rising action slowly slides to an ugly, annoying conclusion that many reviewers on this site are complaining about, we are left breathless . . . disgusted. . . dissatisfied.  Despite the ending, this book is brilliant.  Amazon Verified Purchase.
(Caution: minor spoilers in the second paragraph.)This is a story about two sh**** people, trapped in a sh**** marriage, and their mostly sh**** parents and occasionally sh**** friends. In spite of (or perhaps because of) the dearth of likable characters and the absence of a clear hero to root for, GONE GIRL is a remarkably enjoyable read: witty, darkly humorous, wickedly fun. Even though I knew that there would be a major plot twist – and had a good guess as to its nature – Flynn still managed to surprise me, with multiple smaller twists beyond the first biggie. The overall structure of the book (Boy Loses Girl; Boy Meets Girl; Boy Gets Girl Back) serves the story well, and Flynn’s writing style is both entertaining and trenchant, and keeps the plot moving forward at a steady pace. GONE GIRL is a longish novel that feels lengthy – but in the best way possible. There’s so much action and observation crammed into these 400+ pages that I never got bored with it.GONE GIRL is ripe for deeper analysis: of the dynamics of interpersonal violence; rape culture; media sensationalism; the recession and erosion of the American middle class; sexism and misogyny; and gender roles and shifting expectations (Amy’s infamous “Cool Girl” rant comes to mind). For example, Amy’s false rape accusations are deeply troubling and play into rape apologist talking points (women lie about rape for their own benefit). Then again, she’s a sociopath! She hides jars of her own vomit inside frozen Brussels sprouts bags, and steals her pregnant neighbor’s urine. None of her actions really translate to an IRL setting. Which is why I (mostly) powered my thinking cap down for this one, and enjoyed it for what it was: crazy, crazy fun.Also, Ben Affleck? Was born to play Nick Dunne.
What can I say about this book that hasn’t already been said? Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer and WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL OF MY LIFE?! Gone Girl caught my full attention from the first pages until the very last and I read this entire book within days. It was exciting and definitely kept me guessing, never quite being able to see what was coming next, which is an awesome feeling to get from a mystery.I loved that the book was told from both the husband’s and the wife’s, Nick and Amy, points of view and that they didn’t reveal everything to you right up front; they sometimes lie to the reader, as well. I thought this was a fascinating idea because it truly keeps you on the edge of your seat and the book is always one step ahead of you, never allowing you to figure out what is going to happen. The characters are destructive and damaged, but that makes them all the more intriguing and you want to try to understand them, even if their reasoning and logic don't make sense at times.  As soon as you begin to feel smart and you think you've figured it all out- BAM!- plot twist. Everything gets all flipped on you and you suddenly can't even remember your own name because Gillian Flynn just messed with your mind that much. Am I being a little dramatic and yet totally unrevealing about all of this? Good.And now to talk about the most controversial part of the book- the ending. If you look up anything about Gone Girl, I'm sure you will notice that everyone talks about and discusses the ending of the book and if they agreed with it or not. I would like to say that while I was surely surprised and pretty mad the first time I read it, the more I reflected upon it I decided, could it have ended any other way? Realistically, no. I can't say much more to defend my opinion but shoot me an email when you are done reading and I would love to talk about this point with you.  Overall, this is an excellent thriller that keeps you guessing and thinking until the very last page. Even if you consider yourself to be good at figuring out mysteries, Flynn has created complex, multi-layered characters with a plot and twists that will make you question how someone could have thought of that. This is a book that you will want to re-read as soon as you are done and will instantly want to talk to someone about, whether you loved it all or hated it.  Take a chance- read the whole book. Even if you don't like it you can't deny, Gone Girl has got style and is definitely making people talk.
Okay, so let me just be real here and say that I was pretty damn tired last week. And why was that? Because of Gone Girl! I had WAY too many late nights reading, staying up way past my bedtime racing through this book until I literally could not keep my eyes open any longer. This book is crazy in the best way possible and I’m SO glad it was my book club pick for the month, finally prompting me to pick it up.So what’s the story? It’s a big old mystery surrounding the disappearance of Amy Dunne on her and Nick’s five year wedding anniversary. Just like that, she is gone from their home and no one knows where she is. After unsuccessful attempts to find her, Nick’s odd behavior and the strange crime scene in the house make him the prime and only suspect in the case. Through multiple narrations (Nick’s point of view as well as Amy’s diary entries), the whole twisted story is eventually revealed.Okay, this book REALLY lived up to the hype for me. I know it tends to be either a love it or hate it kind of book with no real in-between on how people feel. I obviously am in the LOVED IT party. It was an amazing mystery that kept getting stranger and darker as the story progressed. The reader really has no clue whether or not it was Nick or someone else for a huge portion of the story, and Flynn manages to make the mystery incredibly hard to solve and unravel. The characters were not at all transparent, and nothing is given away until Flynn wants you to know. I don’t want to say much about the character’s personalities, because I don’t want to reveal anything, but they will leave you in shock at every twist and turn.While I know many people hate this book simply because they hate the characters, I’d have to disagree. You can like a book without liking the characters, especially if the author created them that way on purpose, which obviously was the case here. This story wouldn’t have been this story if the characters were any different than they were.This story and everything about it was incredibly complex and rich. The characters were crazy and I felt like I was in the middle of the media frenzy myself. I can’t say much else except that if you are looking for a shocking read that you really won’t want to put down, pick this up immediately. It consumed my thoughts the whole few days I was reading it and I was constantly itching to pick it back up and discover what would happen next. I couldn’t stop thinking about it and I still can’t! This is probably my favorite read of the year so far and definitely the most gripping book I’ve ever read. I declared a book hangover after finishing it because I know I may never read another book quite like this one again. I highly recommend it!
What you're in for: Mystery. Surprises, and more surprises. Suspense. Holy-s*** moments! The second part makes you rethink everything you thought you knew from the first part. Thriller. Crazy story. Good writing. Good characters. Abrupt ending. No fluff. Captivating. Keeps you on your toes! Rooting for, hating on, loving, surprised by, sympathy for the characters.My Thoughts:It is really, very, very difficult to say anything about this book without giving stuff away. I mean, everything changes halfway through the book. So, the opinions I had at the beginning changed drastically when I reached Part 2. But, I can't explain my thoughts/feelings about the second half of the book without ruining it for you. I will try to portray my thoughts without giving anything away.I instantly liked Amy. She seemed like such a sweet girl that just got s*** on by her husband. She was a bit of a push over, in my opinion, but very nice and sweet to her husband.I disliked nick. I didn't like him at all. He's a lying, cheating bastard of a husband. And yet, he strives to be viewed as a ""good guy"". However, at least he admits that he's a d-bag.The writing is very good. I was impressed with the quality of writing. I tend to mainly read Young Adult books, which are much more simple (most of the time). So, a lot of the time, when I pick up an adult book and there is much more to it (more in-depth descriptions, more story and character building, just more writing in general), I often become a bit bored because the story isn't progressing as fast as typical young adult stories do. Get what I mean? Anyway, this book captured my interest immediately and kept it the whole time.The story keeps you guessing until the very end. And it's freaking impossible to guess exactly right. I was kind of close to being right sometimes, but still surprised! I'd be shocked if anyone guessed everything 100% right.The ending was a bit abrupt. I expected more. I wanted more.The main reason I rated it 4.5 instead of 5 stars was only because I don't have that feeling after finishing it. You know, that feeling when you just fall completely in love with a book and wish it wasn't over and you just have to gush and gush about it and make everyone read it? I don't feel that for this book. So, that's why. That's the main reason this book didn't get 5 stars from me.The other reason is that I was a bit disappointed by the ending. I feel like it didn't conclude in a satisfactory way for me.I really liked Gone Girl and I thought the author did a great job and the story was pretty crazy awesome. I mean, how do you even come up with that story? It was good. I am offici
Nick and Amy have been married for five years, and on the morning of their anniversary, Amy disappears. Nick has no alibi. The book is written from two different perspectives, Nick's voice in the present, and Amy's through her past diary entries. The different perspectives allow you as the reader to live in the moment with Nick as he experiences the fallout of his wife's disappearance, but also understand the past that has led up to the day of Amy's disappearance from her perspective. What made the book particularly interesting to me was that since Nick is telling the story from his perspective, you get these little pieces of information like when he tells the police that he made reservations at a fancy restaurant that night for their anniversary, and then tells the reader, ""that was the first of many lies I told the police."" The difference in perspectives also highlights the imperfections of the characters and also reminds the reader that perception is not always reality, it's just the character's reality.You find yourself heavily invested in the story. The book definitely keeps you guessing. There is just enough information that you as the reader think you know what's happening, that maybe you have the details worked out, but then Flynn slaps you in the face with another plot twist. It's an agonizingly thrilling book. There are parts that will make you want to throw the book away because the characters are so deeply flawed and you get so angry with them, but again, that's the wonderful thing about reading a story solely written from a character's perspective. Then there are parts that make you want to scream because you didn't see it coming.I know a lot of people hated the ending of the book, but I honestly didn't mind it. I thought it was a fitting end to the story. I won't give it away, but I will say that you should know you may not like the ending.I don't typically read a lot of thrillers, but this book has convinced me that I need to start. I found this to be a very fast read, and when I wasn't reading it, I was constantly thinking about it until I finished it.
Gone Girl was given to me as a gift. For some reason, I was resistant to dive right into it despite knowing it was already a huge best seller, but maybe that’s why I procrastinated reading it. I don’t think of myself as a contrarian per se, but I’ve noticed that I rarely go along with what the herd deems ""great entertainment"" especially when it comes to movies.I tend to read as many as four books at a time—in case I get bored with one, I’ll focus my attention on another till I muddle through the less interesting parts of any given book—they all have them, even best sellers. I didn’t hold out much hope for an enjoyable read as I started, mostly because I’m not a fan of the cover and I definitely judge books by their covers.Okay… so I start reading and I can tell within the first few chapters that this may just be my cup of tea. By the first third, I become totally hooked and half way through this damn book it has become a major distraction in my life. Now I’m really regretting starting this book because I have a super busy week ahead and I can’t stop thinking about Nick and Amy. S***! What’s an obsessed reader to do? I plow through it as quick as I can without jeopardizing my own work.Rarely do I become so invested in a novel’s plot and characters, but I was really “gone” on this one. Who is the protagonist? Who is the antagonist? The depth of each character is amazing and believable in their depiction. I’m so happy that I had no expectations going into this adventure.I know some readers hated the ending despite their love of the novel, but I think the ending was a perfect complement to a sophisticated, complex tale. In fact, I hate it when I can figure out the end. I suspect readers will be hard pressed to see this one coming. When you’re done, just sit back and think about it a bit. It’s really kind of brilliant.It’s dangerous to get into too much detail about the novel’s plot. There are so many twists and turns and I don’t want to spoil anything for future readers. A word of advice… clear your schedule because once you start reading Gone Girl, you’re not going to want to put it down.Reviewed by Quinn Barrett, Wise Bear Media[...]
It's difficult to review this  book without giving away spoilers, but here goes. Gone Girl is a gripping psychological thriller about the after-shocks of a toxic marriage, but it's much more than that. It's like a hall of mirrors or a series of optical illusions. Just when you think you have the two main characters figured out, Gillian Flynn delivers a punch to the gut.Flynn spends the first part of the book meticulously constructing a complex mosaic, then she tears it down and reconstructs it. And then...well I can't say what happens without revealing spoilers.The story begins on the morning of the 5th anniversary of Nick Dunne's marriage to Amy Elliott Dunne. The scene is deceptively normal. Amy is making crepes as Nick enters the kitchen. The only thing off-kilter is the song she is humming: the theme from MASH (suicide is painless). Nick goes off to work. He manages a bar with his twin sister, Margo. The bar was purchased with the remains of Amy's trust fund. In the middle of the day he receives a call from a neighbor. Someone has apparently broken into their home.Things happen rapidly from there. Amy is missing. Furniture has been overturned, indicating a struggle. As police begin to investigate, the reader learns some disturbing things about Nick.Flynn tells the story in alternating point-of-view chapters, first from Nick's point of view and then from Amy's, through a diary that dates back seven years. Amy is the daughter of two child psychologists who gained fame with a series of children's books centered on Amazing Amy, based on their daughter. The real Amy, though, is nothing like her fictional namesake.Amy meets Nick at a party in New York City, where they both work for magazines. He loses her number, but they meet again seven months later and fall in love. They marry and it seems like a dream marriage, until they both lose their jobs. Amy loans her trust fund money back to her parents after they make a series of bad financial decisions.The couple is forced to move to Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Missouri, where Nick's beloved mother is dying of cancer. They live in a rented McMansion in a half-finished subdivision along the Mississippi River. Amy is unmoored and unhinged. Nick is distant and uncommunicative, traits he despised in his own father.Like many communities, North Carthage is ravaged by the bad economy. Its economic pillar, a tourist destination shopping mall, sits empty and becomes home to drug dealers and vagrants. The bar in which Nick and his sister invest, called The Bar, seems like the only sensible bet in town.As events unfold, Flynn cleverly drops bombshells that cause the reader to shift loyalties among the two main characters. It wasn't until about the halfway point that I figured out where my sympathies truly lied and I can't say why without giving away key plot points.I found the main lesson of the story centers on the natural human tendency to develop a persona to please another person. That is what Nick and Amy did and that was their undoing as a couple. It is especially challenging to be true to one's self in this age of social media, where people can reinvent themselves and create a persona of their liking. This notion is not lost on Nick, who reflects at one point, ""It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless automat of characters.""Gone Girl garnered much hype in the months after its release. I'm skeptical of over-hyped books, but in this case, Gone Girl lives up to the buzz.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?! I just. . . there are no words.Gone Girl  is a book that even my non-reader friends managed to find time to pick up and enjoy. I really have no excuse for why I waited so long to pick up this book. Just about everyone I know who read it thought it was a damn good read and guess what? They were all right. I actually regret waiting for so long to finally read Gone Girl.I can’t tell you too much about Gone Girl without ruing some aspect of it because it is so full of twists and turns. There is one major twist that I saw coming from the first chapter. Usually that would really bug me, but because of the way Gone Girl was written I was pleased to discover that even though I knew what was coming I still thoroughly enjoyed what I was reading.I need to take a moment to talk about the characters because these characters blew me away. My favorite books are those with characters that are so well-developed that I feel as if I know them and can kind of predict what they will say or do. The characters in Gone Girl? They aren’t like that at all. I had no clue what they would do next and I continuously found myself shocked by their thoughts and actions.Does this mean that the characters weren’t very well developed? I know some may disagree with me, but I really think Gillian Flynn knows her characters very well. She includes such minute details. I may not have been able to predict what they would say or do but I do think that Flynn developed her characters and did a great job providing the reader with what they needed to know. I certainly hope people like this don’t actually exist.Should you read Gone Girl? There is some very foul language that I could see some have issue with but if you can get past that and you enjoy things like Dateline then I think you could really enjoy Gone Girl. I very rarely suffer from book hangovers but this book really did a number on me. I’m still thinking about and talking about it and every book I have picked up since seems to be so mundane in comparison.
Gone Girl written by Gillian Flynn is an interesting thriller based on an unusual theme. The book is based on commitment. Gillian uses marrage as the commitment which forms the backdrop of the story. Told in a span of few months, the story starts on the fifth wedding anniversary of Nick and Amy. The couple has known each other for more than 5 years but they have been married only for 5 years. A perfect marriage for outsiders, all is not well in the paradise.When Nick reaches his workplace on the fifth anniversary of his wedding, little does he know what is in store for him. He is not a big planner. So he hasn't bought the gifts for his wife. Soon, he realizes his wife is missing. Like all missing women cases, the husband is naturally the suspect. To make matters worse, there are many inconsistencies in Nick's behaviour on that particular day which makes him the suspect for the cops. Is Nick guilty? If he is not what happened to Amy? We find this out as the story progresses.The book stands out for mainly for the narrative style. The story is told from both Nick's and Amy's perspectives. We get to see the man's side and woman's side in the same story. This is much better than a third party narration or first person narration. Marriage brings two people closer. But does it make sane or insane? In the modern times where the emphasis on self, does living together with another person drives people mad? Is it true that a person is different during courting period - tolerant to mistakes and imperfection - and the chord of restraint is broken a few days after living together. Gillian makes us ask these question while reading the book. Finally, since the story flip flops between Nick's and Amy's perspective, their character and flaws are shown to us in layers.Take up this book if you are interested in thrillers. You can also read this if you are interested in reading about complex relationships.
Nick and Amy Dunne are supposed to be celebrating their five year anniversary. Amy always creates an elaborate scavenger hunt using places significant to them that ends with Nick's gift. This year, however, Amy has been abducted. Nick came home to signs of a struggle and an empty house. An investigation is launched and Nick quickly is labeled as the prime suspect, with no solid alibi for the time of the abduction and damning pieces of evidence coming out over the course of the investigation. The longer Amy is gone, the worse it looks for Nick as details of their less than idyllic marriage come to light. He rapidly goes from grieving husband to scumbag murderer in the eyes of the public. Nick has to either concretely prove his innocence or find Amy alive and well, both of which seem impossible, in order to salvage his reputation, his freedom, and his life.Gone Girl is just a crazy, wild ride. It starts off innocuous enough. Amy is attacked and kidnapped in her home and Nick is trying to find out what happened to her. It alternates between Nick's narrative in the present day and Amy's diary, which dates back to when they first met. Then things get revealed throughout the story: the problems with their marriage, the fighting, Amy's unhappiness, and the cheating. All of these things coupled with Nick's inappropriate behavior, his blatant and numerous lies, and his general smugness leads the public and the police to believe he is responsible for Amy's disappearance. I thought I had everything totally figured out: Nick was a creepy psycho killer who murdered Amy, but didn't remember because of some mental disorder. I was completely sure and confident how it would end. Oh how wrong I was. At about the half way point, everything changes. It was like a slap in the face. Half of the information given in the first half is completely false and I had no idea where is it was going from there. The ending is also crazy twisty and infuriating. Even though it was unsatisfying, I liked it because I in no way predicted it at all. I see why so many people hate it, but surprise and a great story are pluses in my book.Gillian Flynn has an insane mind. The story goes to places I never would have guessed and I tend to predict a lot of the books endings that I read. She also makes to pretty unlikable people sympathetic. Nick is a douchebag. He lies to the police multiple times, cheats on his wife, and is generally a smarmy, smug guy. He's kind of horrible, but he doesn't deserve to have his entire life ruined if he didn't commit the crime. Amy is a perfectionist and a type A personality. She's controlling, manipulative, and passive aggressive. However, parts of her story make her sympathetic. I can't really say much more without major spoilers. Anyway, her writing kept me reading through the night, desperate to know what happens.Gone Girl is an interesting take on marriage and is the most unique and unpredictable novel I've read in a while. I personally can't wait for the film version coming out some time this year. I would highly recommend that you read it even though you will probably hate the ending with the fire of a thousand suns.
Not just a good yarn.  Even while I followed this slightly incredible story, and wanted to know how it would turn out, I was slotting the commentary in place in my mind.  What kind of parents produce what.  Where do those marital expectations come from (this book is more about marital expectations than it is about anything else - the author is so good at that, it will creep you out).  You can tell, from the moment things go onto television, that commentary is the real subject.But she is so good at it you could go the whole book and just think an author was giving you bits of surface observation.  And in a way that is also what the book is about.  Authors have time to plot, and plan, and hide little surprises (but they have to please you, don't they?).  And the good ones hide stuff for you to really think about.  Or put it right out there in plain sight, but not as ""commentary"" but just as canny observation.So, needless to say, saying much about the plot will spoil the suspense.  Two New York writers have fallen in love, but then they lost their jobs and fell out of love.  Things are not going well when Amy, the wife, just disappears one day.  You will spend a lot of time following this like a whodunit, watching the clues assemble, but when the revelations come, you will neither feel vindicated nor cheated.  We are playing a different game here.Just one last observation on observation - she is very good on the subject of feminism.  I found myself nodding at some of her observations, even when they didn't agree with me.  There is a reversal of stereotypes in the middle of the main conceit, and, while it is an old story used by many (mostly female) authors, it is still fresh in the hands of Gillian Flynn, who is so hip and so humanly aware that she brings it home to you.  You get what she is saying about feminism even if you don't realize you got it.So, who would like this book?  Fans of noir, I think, and fans of Big Ideas, and it is very good as a suspense novel.  Who should read it?  Anyone born after 1950 in America, I would say.  This is a book that matters.
GONE GIRLI was late to the party but enjoyed every second while there.  This book simply rocks, and rocks hard.  Flynn trots readers down a psychopath highway so full of twists, turns, twirls, and zig-zags that readers can't turn the pages quickly enough to find out what will happen next.  However, Flynn's writing is so top-notch, so flawless, that you are never ever forced off the road, never loose your place.  The story line is full but easy to follow.  The characters are so deep, so fleshed-out, so real, they actually do jump off the pages and into your mind and soul.From the first word to the last, this book is off and running -- hard.  Nick and Amy Dunne's life is put on full display, full of lies, deceit, hate, love, half-truths.  They've relocated to Missouri to help tend to Nick's ill parents. Nick is a handsome, down-to-earth guy, an all American boy.  Amy is a rich, pampered, spoiled daughter and wife.  Her parents made their fortune writing a children's series based on Amy and her life.Ah, Amy's life -- her life is never what you think it is, her life is never what you thought it was, her life is totally and completely her OWN, changed to fit her needs and desires.  Amy is one slick chick and when she comes up missing and Nick is the prime suspect the situation goes from bad to worse, from worse to bad, back and forth  As the reader, you NEVER know where this book is headed or what direction it is going to take.  It is so full of surprises and shocking situations you will find yourself literally sitting on the edge of your seat.This book reminded me of a chilling Hitchcock type movie, so full of suspense and thunderbolt-type sensations.  Expect the unexpected, and then when those events occur, you will still be completely caught unawares.  When I wasn't reading this book, I could not stop thinking about it.I will say the ending left me feeling a little flat, and I see that is a general consensus.  However, do not let that stop you from reading this book.  It is just THAT good.For me, this is one of my favorite books of all times. If you only read one book this year, make it GONE GIRL.  You won't be sorry and you won't be disappointed.Thank you.Pam
This could possibly be the hardest review to write for the fact that I don’t want to give anything away and ruin the ending and the twists and turns of this amazingly told story. It was witty and poignant and clever and well thought out. It kept you guessing even when you thought you had it figured out and it left your mouth hanging open when all was said and done. Gone Girl was everything everyone said it was and more. It had the meat of a good mystery in the likes of say a Dennis Lehane, but had a real story mixed in a la Nicholas Sparks. Even though it was cumbersome to carry around, yes I lugged the hardcover back and forth to work every day, it was worth the muscles add to my arms. I couldn’t put it down once I reached the end of the first part.Gone Girl is the story of a couple, Nick and Amy, who have been married for 5 years. They seem like the quintessential perfect couple, the ying to the yang, but looks can be deceiving. Behind closed doors Nick and Amy are anything but perfect. Behind closed doors their marriage is falling apart. And when Amy goes missing on their 5th wedding anniversary the small town in Missouri they live in is at a complete loss. There seems to be only one suspect and that suspect is Nick himself. Now Nick and Amy’s dirty secrets are under public scrutiny. And the stranger Nick behaves the more certain everyone is that he is in fact guilty. As the story unfolds people start to wonder just how much they know about each other, their neighbors and their families and friends.Honestly I can’t think of a book that was more perfectly crafted then Gone Girl. There was a lot of info in this one that could have made it confusing but Flynn used everything to create a great story about a marriage and a crime and a town’s reaction to both. At different times I found myself liking both characters and every time I thought I had the whole thing figured out I truly convinced myself I was wrong. The use of three parts to tell all aspects of the every beautifully interwoven detail added a perspective to the book. Each part revealed a truth that pulled the whole story together and truly in the end left you gasping and shaking your head it was that good.Really I can’t say much more on this without giving something away. All I can tell you is to ignore the size of the book and jump in. Gillian Flynn really crafted a masterpiece in my eyes and it shouldn’t be missed.
Let me just make this clear right from the start: Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is one of the most satisfying books I've had the pleasure of reading in the last few years. I'd been intrigued by the book for quite some time, and as soon as I found out that David Fincher would be adapting it to film, I hunted through thrift shops like a maniac until I nabbed a copy. After reading it, it's obvious that Fincher's dark, striking approach (along with Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross' eerie score) will be a perfect fit for the adaptation of this novel.Gone Girl has a lot of great things going for it. For one, the writing is clever and crackling; Flynn is clearly a talented prose stylist as well as a fine storyteller. Even when nothing is really happening, the author beautifully renders still life at home or a character's mundane memories into something compelling and eminently readable. For another, the plot instantly bites its teeth into you and won't let go; there are a lot of twists throughout the book, so many that you feel as though the story is thrashing you around like a common chew toy. You think you know how to feel for a few chapters, then you hit another revelation and your emotions are upended.Most of all, the book is disturbing in a way that doesn't require buckets of blood or piles of entrails. In fact, there's very little blood at all. Gone Girl is an example of a work that effectively disturbs you in a psychological capacity, and those are the most frightening works of all. I felt very bothered by the close of the book, but in a good way (if that makes sense). It got under my skin...but I liked that it did.I can understand why public opinions on this book have been divisive. The book is filled with some very unlikeable and unsavory characters, but this didn't bother me. The world is full of all types, and not all books can (or should) be about the good ones who you'd be friends with if they really existed. We've got to have room for the Hannibal Lecters and Patrick Batemans of fiction, too.Also, some criticism has been leveled toward the ending. I admit that it initially confounded my expectations, but after some deliberation, I came to really appreciate Flynn's choice for a finale. I won't give anything away, but let me just say that pathologically messed-up people often prefer to remain that way (or at least it seems that way to me). Humans resist change because it's more comfortable to stay the same. Other reviewers are probably upset that Flynn chooses to defy the literary staple that characters should undergo some kind of transformation after the narrative is completed. It's a bold move, and I applaud her for it (as well as for a whole lot more).There are a lot of reasons why this book made such a huge debut in 2012. It's not your typical bargain-bin mystery novel; it's not predictable or formulaic whatsoever. Gone Girl is dark and haunting, and I hope it gets to you the way that it got to me. Now onto reading Dark Places and Sharp Objects!
Let me start by saying that you should just go read this, it's a great novel. Don't read any reviews, don't read the blurb on the back, don't read about the author's other work, just read it with no preconceptions as I did. Now, I'm going to assume you've read it so here come the SPOILERS.Firstly, I hear a few people are complaining that the major plot twist was too obvious. Honestly, I think this shows poor appreciation for the art that Flynn put into the tone and style of Amy's diary entries. The Amy of the diary was so in love, so puppy-like, so obviously the victim. It never occurred to me, until the reveal, that she was a diabolical sociopath who took great joy in carefully planning the destruction of other people's lives for the slightest perceived infraction. How could it? I think those who picked this twist were spoiled in some way (""there's a huuuuuge twist""), or perhaps familiar with Flynn's writing style from other books. All cues for an unreliable narrator point to Nick, he openly admits lying on a number of occasions, but not what the lies are, making the reader distrust him. In comparison, Amy of the diary seems all the more trustworthy.The reveal of Andie was masterfully played, and she instantly became my prime suspect. So needy, so incredibly into Nick, that making his pesky wife disappear would be completely plausible. But, I was wrong, and I was relishing the fact that I had completely no idea where this crazy story was going to go next. When I reached Part Two: Boy meets girl and the scope and cunning of Amy's intricate plan is revealed I found it extremely difficult to put the book down.Once Amy is done telling us how amazingly clever she was, I found myself enjoying the novel less. We watch Amy make some very risky decisions with two down-and-out randoms she finds staying in the mountain cabins. Flynn tells us she's putting on another one of her personas, presumably to fit in, but even if this new persona is a risk-taker the behaviour still seems implausible. She watches news coverage about her own death with strangers, showing little regard for what being recognized will mean for her multi-year husband-destruction project. Inevitably this behaviour leads to crisis, which is good because it would have been pretty boring if she just won the game.Unfortunately the next sequence with Desi, while interesting, had a number of holes:- She chooses the worst possible meeting place for someone on the run: a casino, where she is probably captured on dozens of cameras. While Amy isn't carrying an identifiable mobile phone, Desi almost certainly is, and so his movements could be investigated after his murder by looking at cell-phone-tower logs.- It is very likely that Desi had an alibi for the supposed kidnapping timeframe, but the police seem to never investigate this.- Pulling off a second perfect murder frame-job without the benefit of a year of pre-planning is exceedingly unlikely, especially when you are a prisoner, and also the number one suspect in the eyes of the police.- Desi's palatial lake house didn't clean and launder itself. It's likely there were some staff present, or involved peripherally, whose testimony could have weakened Amy's claimed timeline of events.And the ending. It's almost universally hated, and I have to admit I was a hater at first. But it stuck in my mind, and after some reflection I've come around to respect. Nick makes what seems to be a bizarre choice, feeling trapped by his need to protect an unborn child from his psychotic wife, and a real fear of reprisal for leaving her. It seems unlikely that Amy could pull off another outlandish frame-job, but bad choices are completely consistent with Nick's character. As for Amy, she has finally found a way to manipulate a man into exactly what she wants. Thank god it isn't a hollywood ending where the baddies all get caught and go to jail.I've focused mostly on plot here, but the writing is magnificent, I'll leave you with some of my favourite quotes:Ironic people always dissolve when confronted with earnestness, it's their kryptonite.There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly coldBut there's no app for a bourbon buzz on a warm day in a cool, dark bar. The world will always want a drink.Sleep is like a cat: It only comes to you if you ignore it.4.5 starsRead more of my reviews at g-readinglist.blogspot.com
I won't spend time summarizing the plot of Gone Girl, as this is provided in the Amazon Book Description. I'll just say that Gone Girl opens on the occasion of Amy and Nick Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary. Amy disappears under very disturbing circumstances. Amy and Nick were the golden couple when they first began their courtship. They were soul mates to the degree that they could complete each other's sentences and guess each other's reactions. They are smart, charming, gorgeous...and, oh yeah, narcissistic, selfish and cruel. You could say they complete each other -- in a very dangerous way.I have to admit I put off reading Gone Girl for a long time because, being a hard core thriller lover, I didn't think it would be a book for me. It was only due to my wife's as well as a male friend's insistence that I give it a try that I caved in and read it. Now, having completed it, I have to say that I enjoyed Gone Girl very much and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys not just a good mystery filled with twists and turns, but a book that excels in its character development and narrative style -- that alternates between Amy's and Nick's perspectives.It's been quite awhile since I've read a book whose main and supportive characters are so richly developed. I should point out that almost all of them are deeply flawed, making many of them hard to like. However, whether you like them or not, I doubt if you'll find any of them to be uninteresting. Further, Flynn has a way with words and a descriptive style that are heads and shoulders above almost all of the other authors I've been reading.While I found Gone Girl to start slowly and continue to build slowly throughout most of the first half of the book, I enjoyed all of it. If the idea of the pace being somewhat slow in the first half of Gone Girl is making you skeptical about reading it, please put your concern to bed as its second half moves at a brisk pace and is packed with surprises.I deducted 1/2 star from my overall rating because of the ending, which I found to be a bit abrupt and vague. Despite this criticism, I consider Gone Girl to be a book well worth reading; and I've already purchased Gillian Flynn's two previous books, Dark Places and Sharp Objects.
Over the last two years, I kept seeing Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl pop up on best book lists. It had both critical acclaim and love from readers. Many years ago, I read Flynn's first novel, Sharp Objects and was immediately hooked. Inexplicably, Flynn's second novel, Dark Places had escaped my attention and even with all of the hype, it took me nearly two years to finally read Gone Girl.Gone Girl is worth every ounce of its hype.Why did I wait so long????Gone Girl is the story of married couple, Nick and Amy Dunne. Amy goes missing on the couple's fifth wedding anniversary and soon after, Nick becomes the prime suspect. I'm going to stop here, because the story is filled with twists and turns that test the readers assumptions and sense of morality. I don't want to give anything away.I didn't know anything about the story going into it and I'm really glad that I didn't, because the element of surprise is one of the key factors towards making the book so good. Flynn is masterful in the way in which she hides the clues and with the timing of her reveals. This story is best enjoyed without exposure to spoilers.Flynn had my attention with the first paragraph and I found the book impossible to put down. Not only has Flynn crafted a fantastic story, but she has created multifaceted, compelling characters. This story is not going to be for everyone. It's dark, sinister and often cruel. However, if that sounds like a story up your alley, it's a must-read. In addition to the very twisted plot and characters, the story touches on themes that have affected a lot of people, most pointedly, the recession and how job loss affects couples on both an individual and family level.As I was in the middle of reading the story, I found out that the novel is currently being adapted into a movie starring Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike. I'm sure that the movie will be good and that I will be excited to see it, however, a lot of the punch that the book packs comes from the narrative voices of both of the leads.The novel alternates between Nick and Amy's perspectives and being inside of their minds is a key element in the story. The whole point of the story is to mess with the reader's perception of a reliable narrator and of the assumptions that we all make. Getting into the minds of the characters is fundamental to Flynn's story.In most cases, I would always advise to reading the book version first. However, in the case of Gone Girl, you must read it first. Even if the film adaptation is fantastic, this is a situation where there is no way possible that a screenplay can do justice to the novel. The novel and screenplay can't help but be two very different versions of the same story.Read it!Like my review? Check out my blog!
Part of me wants to ask people NOT to read this book because it’s too good. I say that only because this is a book that gets inside your head in a way that can be a little alarming. “Gone Girl” is not just a crime thriller. It’s a book about relationships. In fact, it’s quite apt that “Annie Hall” is referenced in the book because, originally, that movie was intended as a murder mystery (which eventually got spun off into “Manhattan Murder Mystery”), which reminds us of the deeper (and actual) meaning of the word “romance.""But no, if you really like crime thrillers, you should read it. This novel is the unreliable narrator at its best. You start reading it and you start rooting for someone, and then you change your mind, and so on, until you are quite disoriented by the end.As I read this book, I started thinking about relationships in general. I think most readers can’t help but do that. We see part of ourselves in the two main characters and we probably see moments in their lives that reflect our own - a similar conversation, thought or event that occurred in our lives that allow us to identify with one or the other. In the end, this book asks us to question what it means to be in a relationship. I can’t help but think also of “The Clockwork Orange,” because it forces us to think about whether we want a relationship that is real but messy, or fake but presentable.This book also has us examine not just relationships between spouses, but also between parent and child, between siblings, between friends, and between public and private lives. So much of our lives is spent on managing relationships with and between people who love (or don’t love but have to deal with). Whether we like it or not, other people’s perception of us can take control of who we are and start defining our identities.Finally, I applaud Flynn’s colorful cast of characters, all representing a type or category of person(s) that we’ve come across before; even if we haven’t met a Desi or a Rand or an Andie before, we know this type of person must exist.Lots of people don’t like the ending. That’s understandable. Without giving too much away, I think I’d only say that any other ending would have defeated the purpose of the book. People compare Gillian Flynn to Patricia Highsmith and that’s not without reason. It is the right ending.This book is a lot of fun. It’ll make you laugh and angry, all at the same time. It’s the best and worst book to read as a couple so, be careful.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn has introduced me to an author I find inspirational and whose skill in the craft of storytelling is awe inspiring.  At every turn of the page I was pulled into the world of her multi-layered characters and given a room by room tour of the spaces inside their heads.  I am a huge fan of character based fiction and for that reason Gone Girl was a great read for me.The situation within the novel, and the thing that is Amy and Nick’s relationship, which itself becomes something of a character within the story, is rather relatable.  It appeals to that ever present question tumbling around inside the minds of anyone in a serious relationship, “What is going on inside this persons head?”  Flynn deftly manipulates and conquers this simple question into an epic adventure through this fictional liaison.  I certainly won’t get into the plot at all; I will only say I found it very engaging.The standout character is definitely Amy.  Flynn has eloquently captured the essence of her lead female character’s internal monologue, the way her thoughts are processed, feelings dissected and important pieces of information filed away for use at a poignant time in the future.  Flynn, in an often too close for comfort manner, illustrates the pivotal difference between the internal processing of the female mind verses its male counterpart.While there are several very clever elements within this piece of fiction, there are a couple that stood out to me which I can discuss without revealing the plot.  As I mentioned above Flynn presents an interesting image of the male vs. female take on the same relationship.  What I found interesting was the way Flynn uses her secondary female characters.  While each of them are well crafted and serve their purposes in the chain of events, none of them shine quite as bright as Amy, which is a great tool for accentuating the bold aspects of her character.I also appreciated the writing about writing elements within the story.  Amy’s diary is very effective as a plot device and was worked into the story in a very crafty way.  The fact that the character of Amy in Gone Girl is actually the inspiration for the character of Amazing Amy, a heroine of a collection of children’s books within the novel, is another indication of Flynn’s ingenious fiction writing.This is a smart and wily story with several surprises and exquisitely imagined characters.  I truly had a lot of fun reading Gone Girl and several times throughout felt like I was listening in on a great piece of juicy gossip!  So for all you Book Gossips out there – this is a must read!
Oh. My. God. This book. This book has officially broaden my definition of what a thriller is and should be...GONE GIRL is about a couple who ends up manipulating each other, but I think it is more accurate to say that it is the writer who ends up manipulating the reader. Throughout the entire novel, Gillian Flynn succeeds in twisting your opinions until you're literally feeling feels and thinking thoughts that she wants you to have:You feel sorry for Nick in the beginning (I mean, laid-off and his wife goes missing) while reading his chapters and you start to love Amy while you read her diary entries. Then, things start to get darker in her entries and you begin to look at Nick's actions and motivations with new suspicion. Then, *bam* she hits you with a twist that you definitely weren't expecting and, now, you feel sorry for Nick for having married a psycho like Amy. Right when you think that you're officially on Nick's side is when she introduces new elements that makes you wonder just who you should be rooting for in the first place.To be honest, I didn't know how this book will read. When I think of thrillers, I think of Dan Brown or James Patterson with lots of actions and mysteries, not GONE GIRL. At least with those books, you know who the good guys are and you know (deep-down) that things are going to work out in favor for the protagonist.In GONE GIRL, there's no death-defying, heart-pounding action scenes. In fact, most of the scenes that would have been used to normally entice thriller readers (killing your captive, the actual act of running away, etc.) are told/implied instead of being shown to the readers.I loved the ending too! Unlike traditional thrillers (where you know the adventure/story ended unless there's a cliffhanger for the next book), her ending definitely led the door open to possibilities because this is a ﻿married couple﻿'s life that we're talking about.Despite the fact that it was nothing like the thrillers I am used to reading, it kept me flipping the pages because of her impeccable pacing and also extremely psychotic characters. I will definitely be reading her other books!Originally published at [...]
Friends see most of each other's flaws. Spouses see every awful last bit.""Nick Dunne comes home to find his wife, Amy Elliott Dunne, is missing.  As the police begin the investigation, it looks more and more like Nick killed his wife - but Nick insists he's innocent.  Who is right and what happened to Amy?When a book was on a New York Times Bestseller's list, I used to assume that meant the book was good.  ""Used to"" meaning, until I read some of these ""bestsellers"" and realized that just because they sell well, doesn't mean they are ""good books"".  So now, I pretty much avoid anything on the Bestseller's shelf (unless it is a Star Wars book or Neil Gaiman).By this thought process, this book should never have gotten into my hands.  But I kept seeing all these good reviews, and I'm addicted to buying books, so I broke down and bought it.  But it might have stayed on my shelf for a few more months/years if it had not been for a friend's review.You see, I've also been in a bit of a reading slump.  Or should I say, I'm gradually coming OUT of a reading slump.  Back in the spring, one more crappy YA faux-topia made me despair of my love of reading and want to throw in the towel on my passion.  Slowly, I've been finding books that make me love to read again - Neil Gaiman, Robert Galbraith/JK Rowling.  And I can add a new one to the list: Gillian Flynn.I've gone back and forth whether I'm a mystery/thriller girl - this book finally proves that I DO like mystery/thrillers, just not the s***** ""dime a dozen"" murder-by-numbers novels that seem to populate most of the Bestseller lists (coincidence?!  I just finished reading Dan Brown, so definitely NOT!).  Flynn is plain stunning; she has a complex story but tells it in a way that doesn't require 3 chapters of ""And This Is How The Bad Guy Did This"".  Flynn doesn't write down to me; she treats me like an adult, able to put two and two together (or if I'm too dense and can't, that's my fault, not hers).The story centers on Nick and Amy, two of the worst people you will ever meet in your life.  Nick is a self-centered, arrogant pr!ck; Amy is a self-centered, vindictive b!tch.  Nick likes to think he's so amazing and hot s***; Amy *is* Amazing, as the star of her parents' Amazing Amy children's book series, and pretty much believes the world should revolve around her.  Honestly, these people are so execrable, I wanted to scratch their eyes out (though I liked Amy in the beginning and started to like Nick a bit more in the end).  THIS is a PRIME EXAMPLE of how to write awful, unlikable main characters and STILL make your story interesting enough that the audience is engaged.The other characters are equally well-drawn, from Nick's twin sister, Margo ""Go"" to Amy's clingy parents to Amy's creepy old friends.  I am reminded of JK Rowling's adult books - the characters are sometimes sleazy, sometimes good, sometimes bad, but all realistic and with their own motivations.What makes this even more fun is that I've almost come to expect bad characterization in mysteries and thrillers.  It's more about the whodunnit, right?  So who cares who the characters are - make them as stereotypical or cliched as you want, and people will still read for the mystery.  So it really makes me giddy excited that Flynn spent so much time on such great characters.But the real artwork is in the story.  Oh, the story!  The first half takes you down one path - poor, abused Amy!  What a wretched husband Nick is!  And then at about the halfway point - mindf@#$!!  I can't really say much without going into spoiler territory (and I won't do that, no worries), but I was stunned.  It threw me for a loop - though maybe, given how dense I can be, you shouldn't take my word for it!  Regardless, I thought it clever, and the ending is definitely not what you would expect, though I was VERY satisfied with it.  (Thank GOD it's not one of those awful ""and they lived happily ever after"" atrocious things.)To round things out, Flynn's writing was excellent.  Again, works by Dan Brown and Nicholas Sparks made me realize that popular novel's writing only had to be at about a 4th grade reading level and very prosaic at that.  While Flynn isn't super flowery or literary, it's still very nice to read, easy on the eyes.  And when she DOES use descriptors and metaphors, they A) make sense and B) actually give depth to the characters and the situation.You know what?  I was going to rate this 4 stars, but I've decided I'm not.  I really liked this book.  I really enjoyed the mystery, the psychological thriller aspects.  Yes, the characters are awful.  Yes, the story is what you might expect two awful characters to produce.  And yes, there is rape (or lots of rape accusations) and murder and slut-shaming (so warning for people who don't want to read that).  But it kept my interest (with the exception of two places early in the novel) and, more importantly, made me realize that I shouldn't just assume ALL mysteries and thrillers are like the schlock I've read.  There ARE amazing, suspenseful authors out there - you just won't necessarily find them on the NYT Bestseller's List.  (Though in this case, I did!)Gillian Flynn, thank you for a great book, thank you for helping me out of my slump, and thank you for saving your genre!  I can't wait to read more of your works!Brought to you by:*C.S. Light*
Let me start my review with how the ending made me feel when I finished this book a few hours ago. I felt overwhelmed, shocked, satisfied, afraid, and awed. If I was told to sum up this book in one sentence only, it would be this: hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. None, zero, zilch, nada, nothing.Gone Girl is a complex read, but nothing overly complicated. Don't expect to walk away from it unaffected, though. No matter what your gender or what relationship experiences you've had in life - good or bad - you're going to experience a myriad of emotions while reading this novel and relating to these characters in one way or another. It's impossible not to feel something for either or both of them. Depending on your own current or previous experience with a life partner, you're going to pick a side in this book. However hard I tried to understand both these characters and feel compassion for them, I just couldn't. I picked the one who in my opinion was the victim through all that happens in this story, and stuck with that character to the end. Although I have to admit, it wasn't always easy.And here's something else you should know: this book will mess with your mind. It starts out real slow telling you how Nick and Amy met, how they fell in love, and what their relationship was like those first few glorious years. It was such a slow beginning, in my head I had already given it a three-star rating, because I was a little bored with all the theatrics and the giddiness of a new couple who viewed the world and their new relationship through rose-tinted lenses. Around twenty percent into the book, when things pointed to Nick (the husband) as the culprit in his wife, Amy's disappearance, did I get interested enough to continue reading on. Almost halfway into the book, I was completely hooked. Was Amy murdered? Was she kidnapped? Did she run away? Where the heck is Amy, and why is Nick so evasive? I'm sure I had it all figured out.But THEN...Then the author goes, surprise! Whatever you thought you knew? With whomever you think your loyalties lie? Whichever direction you think this is going? You haven't seen anything yet. Folks, I was - as the author had intended - shocked to the core. I didn't see it coming. I never had a clue (even though I thought I did). All the mushy stuff at the start actually had a purpose...as I discovered during the rest of the story. To have created such psychologically intricate minds, such messed-up characters; such vindictive and manipulative personalities, is inarguably the work of a genius mind. A very insightful one at that. Honestly, sometimes it was so emotionally exhausting trying to stay a step ahead, I just had to put the book down and take a breather. But in the blink of an eye, I was reading again. Staying awake until the early hours of the morning, reading in the car, sneaking a peek while at the office, using every opportunity available to get tangled up in the war-zone of the Dunne's nuclear marriage.Gone Girl is not an easy book to read, but every minute spent reading it, makes it worthwhile at the end. The writing is superb, the plot absolutely exceptional and very cleverly done, and the characters flawed, self-righteous, terrifying - a watercolor of the darkest parts of the human mind. This book is a treasure trove of debatable topics perfect as a book club read. I recommend it to everyone over the age of eighteen, no matter what your genre of preference.
Friends see most of each other's flaws. Spouses see every awful last bit.""This is an odd book to review because I don't want to give anything away and spoil the surprises, of which there are many, for anyone.  I don't read many mysteries, this isn't because I don't like them, I love them when they are good but I'm also impatient with them.  I want to know how it is going to work out right now and like a kid before Christmas it is so hard for me to wait to unwrap the presents.  This one was torturous to not unwrap and peak to see what would happen and how things would work out in the end.  I literally had to slap my hand and say ""NO"" do not peak.This is not a book for people who like two dimensional characters where one is almost perfect and you can clearly root for that character to win, to save the day or get their just desserts.  No this is a complicated character book where people are good and bad and really good and extraordinarily bad along with wickedly smart.  This is a book that shifted what I wanted to happen in the end more than once.  Normally I can pick out who I want to get whatever the prize in the bottom of the cereal box is and I can stick with that.  However, I changed my mind numerous times and felt torn about so many of the issues in the story.  I can see why people love this book or hate this book and there really isn't a lot of in-between.  I don't need to love the characters to love a book, sure it helps, but I don't' need to if the story is there.  I liked this book so much because the story was there.  But if you have to love the characters to love the book this might not be for you.  Don't get me wrong they were likeable, understandable but definitely and totally full of flaws.  I was kept on the edge of my seat with what could possibly happen next.Here is as much as I think I can say without ruining it for anyone.  Nick and Amy met fell in love and got married.  They were the best versions of themselves for a while they lead a charming life together.  But life happened, time went on and five years later they are not the same people anymore.  Nick hasn't really been a great husband for some time and Amy vanishes on their 5 year anniversary under unusual circumstances.  In the aftermath the story unfolds to reveal Amy and Nick's life together and what might have happened to Amy.  Yep, that is about all I can say.Gone Girl is a rollercoaster ride, with small details dished out here and there.  This is smart and wickedly intriguing.  I don't think there is anyone who can say completely oh yeah I saw that coming.  Because even what I thought I saw coming didn't end up being anything close to what the truth of it was.
Gillian Flynn's latest novel, Gone Girl, is what all psychological novels should be--a brilliant page-turner that makes the reader look askance at anyone resembling anyone in the novel!On the surface Nick and Amy appear to be marvelously suited for each other.  They're the beautiful people, almost too gorgeous to be true, living the high life in New York City.  Nick is a successful writer for a magazine, a poor boy making good.  Amy is ""Amazing Amy,"" the subject of her author-parents' series of children's books that have made them extremely wealthy and given Amy the comfort of a significant trust fund while she works writing short psychological quizzes for women's magazines.They answer the ""What's missing?"" in each other's life, and had economic times been better they would have had--at least from a distanced perspective--the relationship about which fairy tales are made.But there are always problems in fairy tales, and both Nick and Amy lose their jobs as their companies cut back, and they return to Nick's Missouri town to help his sister, Go, take care of their failing mother and ailing father.When Amy goes missing, there is just enough of a chink in Nick's reaction to make the reader sit a bit straighter and continue to read.  True, he has already admitted he is someone incapable of fully displaying his feelings, but his involvement with the police and the search is just a touch off.I think the novel begins to coast a bit as the search continues and we gain insight into the other players, but not enough to have me swim away. Flynn is baiting me, and she neatly sets the hook in the second section, ratchets up the tension, increases the speed of the story, and would have had me reading non-stop until the end had I the free time!At first, Flynn uses Amy's diary to introduce us to her character.  It's a nice literary technique, and she alternates the diary entries with the reality of the search.  Allowing Amy to talk to the readers works so well because Nick's character is always with us and speaking in the first person.  We are not being influenced by an outside narrator who would not have intimate access to everything the characters think.  I enjoyed this immensely.I'm not going to add any spoilers here.  You've got to read this thriller and move with Gillian Flynn's very fleshed-out characters, Nick and Amy, as well as Nick's twin, Go, Amy's author-parents, the very interesting police on the case, and a few others whose appearances and actions might surprise you.I borrowed Gone Girl from my local library for my Kindle, but using the app on my phone, I would pull it out at every free moment to see what happened next.  The chapters are short, so it was easy to keep it all together.  Next time I am in the mood for a light read--a vacation page turner--I might choose another of Gillian Flynn's books.  But this one I vigorously recommend.
I downloaded Gone Girl to my Kindle last year after hearing a series of great reviews. ""Great thriller"" was the only thing I knew about the book, but I was please to also discover it is much more. It is a wonderful example of craft intersecting content; the classic page turner buried within a very innovate approach with strong writing.  The story is told completely in the first person by two narrators, a husband and wife, as they both describe her disappearance, with the two voices rotating by chapter.  The beautiful ""Amazing Amy"" has disappeared from her home, and her frantic husband Nick leads the search.  Their backstory in inserted early, primarily in Amy's voice, as she describes how they met in New York, fell in love, married, and eventually encountered financial difficulties that caused them to move to Nick's home town in Missouri and start a completely new life. Flynn gets even more ambitious with the rotating voices by inserting what is essentially a third narration into the story.  Some chapters are notated at the beginning as a chapter from Amy's diary, which makes the first person even more personal. Initially the book begins with the earmarks of the traditional thriller; beautiful wife gone missing, colorful cops investigating, interesting backstory about the wife and her family, enough weird character to keep you guessing about who might have taken Amy, stories of infidelity and sex, Nick's questionable agony over his missing wife. As often happens in these circumstances the husband becomes the main suspect, and much of the book is about him trying to defend himself.  I found myself wondering if Flynn was going to steal a technique from The Lovely Bones, and perhaps we would learn that Amy was narrating her portion from the grave, and Nick or one of the other characters would be revealed as a psychopath. But the brilliance of the book is how all of a suddenly everything changes, with the first person narration transitioning to become a progressive personal journey into our characters' madness.  Through their own voices they reveal themselves, and by the second section of the book you begin to realize that either Amy or Nick is insane, and wonder whether or not one of them is the perpetrator.  Both of their voices completely change. The thrill of this thriller is then to decide which one has the biggest problem.  The both suffer from extreme narcissism and various personality disorders that cause you to doubt both of them.  The ""perfect couple"" we met in the first third of the book really doesn't exist. Amy in particular takes on an almost Sybil persona - and for this becomes one of the most innovative techniques in the book.  One of the attributes of first person narration is that you normally accept the narrator is telling the truth as they see it.  They might be wrong - but they are being honest.  In this book by the second half we learn that our narrator has been lying to us, which becomes a great technique to build suspense. I have always been a fan of the ""con man"" story - either in film or literature. The great and essential payoff to the con man story is when the trick is revealed.  With much delight we go backwards in time to show the viewer or reader the ""slight of hand"" - the thing they missed that puts the entire story together.  Flynn adds another dimension to her thriller with a terrific con man reveal, and we realize that almost all the narration we have read is suspect.  Other things were going on right in front of our eyes. Ultimately Gone Girl is a wonderful journey into two people's madness, told with incredible literary finesse; a manipulation of the first person narration into what essentially becomes multiple voices from the same two people.  And unlike most thrillers where the trick is content-based, this really becomes a case of the innovative use of first person narration.
Flynn, G. (2012). Gone Girl. New York, NY: Crown Publishing Group.Genre: Thriller/Mystery, Adult FictionNick and Amy are celebrating their fifth wedding anniversary. But, Amy is nowhere to be found. She's missing. She's gone. Amy's disappearance becomes big news quickly and Nick is almost immediately pegged as the perpetrator. Flynn switches the point-of-view back and forth between Nick, in the now, and passages from Amy's diary. And it seems the two are in completely different marriages. One thing seems to hold the truth, an annual scavenger hunt planned by Amy has scattered clues all over town. Will the clues lead us to Amy? Is Nick guilty? Is anything what it seems?Wowzers! What a book!When people ask me why I do not ever want to get married...I will refer them to this book :).  Ha ha, but seriously, marriages like this are not rare. Well, this is extreme and fiction but people are dysfunctional.Okay, back to being serious. Flynn's writing was perfect. Yes, perfect. Not in an Amy kind of way perfect, but perfect perfect.  And intriguing. It is absolutely scary how real the characters are. Flynn spent a lot of time developing their personalities, voice, mannerisms, etc. and it paid off because their characters are fully developed, multifaceted and it is easy to visualize an accurate depiction of them.A theme or message I took away from the book is, people are natural pretenders, Nick and Amy are pretenders to the world but because Flynn took us inside their heads, we were able to see them for whom they really were. Two individuals so stuck on issues from their childhoods, they cannot function appropriately. Amy is controlling, obsessive, and ruthless. Nick is cowardly, insecure, and emotionally empty.Flynn held my attention throughout the book with her structure and insight into human thinking. Skewed patterns of cognitive processes fascinate me and Flynn captured this phenomenon, so well. People pretend to be cool, good, or whatever they deem favorable because these ideals do not actually exist, we all just want them to.Flynn has some side agendas with this book. The bashing of the media and internet is almost like a second plot line. A good one, but it probably was not necessary.*An afterthought: Go, Nick's twin sister, was my favorite character. She is a nice contrast to these off-putting main characters with her honesty, loyalty, and humor. She was introduced to us as the dysfunctional one but girl has a good head on her shoulders.I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a thriller, a mystery, or something different from the typical read. Kudos to Flynn.
This is an “amazing” book. Gillian Flynn proves she is a master at understanding how relationships work – the subtleties and nuances and shifting perspectives and multi-layered power plays that are usually inherent in any long-term relationship or marriage. The mystery is good, yes, but the psychology is better; it is outstanding. This book is worth reading purely for its insights into complicated human relationships – the kind that onlookers and outsiders may not understand.Excerpts as examples:1) “Because isn’t that the point of every relationship: to be known by someone else, to be understood? He gets me. She gets me. Isn’t that the simple magic phrase? So you suffer through the night with the perfect-on-paper man – the stutter of jokes misunderstood, the witty remarks lobbed and missed. Or maybe he understands that you’ve made a witty remark but, unsure of what to do with it, he holds it in his hand like some bit of conversational phlegm he will wipe away later. You spend another hour trying to find each other, to recognize each other, and you drink a little too much and try a little too hard. And you go home to a cold bed and think, That was fine. And your life is a long line of fine.“And then you run into Nick Dunne on Seventh Avenue as you’re buying diced cantaloupe, and pow, you are known, you are recognized, the both of you. You both find the exact same things worth remembering…You have the same rhythm. Click. You just know each other. All of a sudden you see reading in bed and waffles on Sunday and laughing at nothing and his mouth on yours. And it’s so far beyond fine that you know you can never go back to fine. That fast. You think: Oh, here is the rest of my life. It’s finally arrived.”2) “Nick is old-fashioned, he needs his freedom, he doesn’t like to explain himself. He’ll know he has plans with the guys for a week, and he’ll still wait until an hour before the poker game to tell me nonchalantly, ‘Hey, so I thought I’d join the guys for poker tonight, if that’s okay with you,’ and leave me to be the bad guy if I’ve made other plans. You don’t ever want to be the wife who keeps her husband from playing poker – you don’t want to be the shrew with the hair curlers and the rolling pin. So you swallow your disappointment and say okay.”**Spoiler Alert**3) “I’d already pictured myself with a regular woman – a sweet, normal girl next door – and I’d already pictured telling this regular woman the story of Amy, the lengths she had gone to – to punish me and to return to me…Amy was toxic, yet I couldn’t imagine a world without her entirely. Who would I be with Amy just gone? There were no options that interested me anymore.”
SPOILER ALERT !!!!!! SPOILER ALERT !!!!!!I was blown away by this book. It's raw. It's explosive and it goes to some dark interpersonal places that shed light on the crazy cocktail of doubt, fear and betrayal in a way that I have not read before. I have to say, though, that the character of Amy--even allowing that betrayal can lead many to the brink of psychosis, didn't ring true for me. Especially in the end. I enjoyed going on the ride. Getting ensnared in her bizarre, bitter, ""everyone sucks but me"" world view was cringe-worthy, but I didn't relish the book 2 part of this story like I did the first book. Maybe it's because I wanted to read about how a more relatable person would go through this tragedy. Maybe I wanted Nick to be the killer. Maybe I had certain expectations that weren't met as a reader. All I know is when I got to the end I felt misery. Pure, unadulterated misery. And, I don't think that people can lead this kind of miserable life for very long. In the end, I believe Nick would leave. I didn't believe his motive to stay. Staying means Amy wins. Staying means living in fear for the rest of his life even as he can't imagine life without her. He has certain rights. He has a trail of who she is. I don't buy that Nick would stay with Amy in the way that he did. But, who knows what goes on in the hearts of men and the women they love? Flynn does an excellent job of bringing us into Amy & Nick's world with wonderful anecdotes and details that switch up and play out over time in unique, thrilling ways. I think this is one read where I can honestly say that when I read ""the end"" I don't know these characters at all. I can't even imagine their future. I can't imagine what Amy and Nick look like ""riding out into the sunset."" There's a deep foreboding.
How refreshing! I know that's a weird way to start off discussing a book with such a dark storyline, but it is always refreshing to read a book that truly catches me off guard in a good way. Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn does just that.This is a story about a man named Nick (a not-so-perfect husband) whose wife, Amy, goes missing. The media (and everyone else) is infatuated with the story because Nick and Amy are both great looking New Yorkers who moved to Nick's hometown in Missouri to take care of his dying mother and elderly father. Amy, for her part, is the inspiration for a three-decade popular book series named Amazing Amy that an entire generation grew up with. Like their story, this book is something that you latch onto and take off running with once you catch a whiff of the the first few pages.Of course, all signs point to Nick (it's on the jacket, so I can say that), and the book fluctuates from his narration to that of Amy's. Sounds predictable, right? Right. But then comes Part Two. Now, I won't go into any details here, but I will say, WHOA! I really thought I had it all figured out. I'm usually pretty adept at unravelling a story about halfway through (I'm not sure whether that means I'm great with clues or that the authors are not...) but I was completely wrong. Even the bits that I had predicted correctly didn't play out the way that I had expected.This book is full of twists and turns that you can actually follow and doesn't leave any loose ends, which is becoming harder and harder to find in a book nowadays. So many books in recent years leave wide open gaps where a storyline should be and it was refreshing (like I said, it was an appropriate word). I don't generally give star ratings because I think people, for the most part, ignore them, but this one deserves 5!
Gone Girl: Gillian FlynnJust how far will one man go to prove his love for his wife? Just how far will she go to test it? Gone Girl is an interesting novel based in two time periods. The main character, Nick Dunne relates in his own unique voice his present state of mind, meeting his wife, his hopes for their future and his new career working with his sister in a Bar named The Bar. As we get to know him better we realize that his relationship with his sister is quite close and his wife's distant with his family. Nick's story or narrative takes place in the present. Meeting Amy we learn about her as she introduces the reader to her first impressions and encounters with Nick. Bowled over, over the top and head over heels for him you can feel the energy between them as she shares her diary with the reader. But, Amy's behavior is often erratic and things change as the reader comes to know her better and realizes that she disappears but how and why? Gone Girl is just that a story about a wife whose sudden disappearance changes the lives of many but mainly Nick. As you hear the voices told in alternating chapters from a soft pianissimo to a loud crescendo when things crash and life takes on a much different turn. Can you marry someone and think they are one person and learn they are really another? Can your life be turned upside because circumstances look as if you are guilty?As he hear Amy tell about her feelings about Nick we begin to wonder why she decided to marry him and just how solid her mind is when listening to her voice. As we fast forward to the present Nick is alert by a friend that his house has not been locked and the door is wide open. Entering the front door he realizes something is wrong as he smells smoke and the house looks ransacked. Was it a struggle or was it something else that caused Amy's disappearance as the next step in the chain of events is calling the Police. This would change the complexion of his life.The alternating voices of both Nick and Amy change throughout the first part of the novel as Amy enlightens the reader in her diary entries as to the changes she feels she sees not only in herself but in Nick that cause their marriage to deteriorate. Added in is the fact that Amy has never had to worry about money for any reason yet her parents come to her and borrow a substantial amount because of poor financial choices. Resentment hits an all time high as Nick and Amy are constantly arguing over money, his loss of his job and then the reader becomes aware of his infidelity in the present. Questioned by the police, seemingly upset about her disappearance and clues provided by Amy to help him find her it is almost like her typical treasure hunts she enjoys creating. Gone Girl has many levels to it as we begin to realize that Amy is not only gone or has orchestrated her own disappearance and is now living what she would call a double life, but her mind seems to be going deeper into another mindset as Kevin seems to finding his way in other places. Just where will this all lead still remains to be seen as we hear Amy's thoughts, ramblings and words in part two of this book stating she is glad to be gone and missing. According to her parents and most friends she was kind, sweet, adorable and the subject of their many books so how does she turn into something so different. Almost like a split personality and another coming through in part two pumping up the plot for her unusual return in Part three. Why would Amy create her own disappearance and try to pin it on Kevin? Just how diabolical is she to create and orchestrate this entire event to coincide with her anniversary?Although he agrees to the questioning by the police you can tell that both sides have a strong undertone of suspicion as to what might have happened to Amy. But, if you take a closer look you will learn that she is conniving, manipulative and cunning because she orchestrated the entire event so that Nick would be the prime suspect in what she will make appear as her murder. Amy documents in her diary entries her changing perspective of Nick from the first moments when she thought her world was filled with all of the things she wanted and needed because of him and then changed when she tells about his jealousies, his insecurities and resentment of her wealth and parental help. But, things shift when her parents make a poor financial choice and Amy has to lend them back the money in her trust fund that was originally theirs. Gone Girl has more a deeper meaning than just the disappearance of this young girl. As you listen closely and hear her voice, read each diary entry you will get to know her inner most thoughts, feelings, expressions and truths that are revealed as the author leads us into part two where things change.The police are on the scene but have not really investigated every lead or every angle. At points you seem to think they are waiting for Nick to lead them to Amy or for him to solve the case for them. Each date in her diary brings us to the day of her disappearance where she made sure the police would find her blood and Nick the many written clues that she hoped would enlighten him to where she might be and what she has done. But, will he figure it out before the police? Will he realize what she did? These clues as he puts it are Amy's treasure hunt clues leading to a path you just won't believe.Her plan was to fake her disappearance and frame him for her murder as Nick reveals in part two. Little does he know that Amy saw him and another woman in his place called The Bar. How naïve of him to think he'd get away with it. In her own words using the title of her parent's book he had single-handedly de-amazed Amazing Amy. Just how would she make herself Dead Amy? Just how she stockpiled money is quite ingenious and what her plan is devious to say the least. Added in she is in a hideout and finds out she is pregnant but she has met so many different people where she is hiding and her mind seems to have snapped as she shares her plans with others and hears what they really think of her. Then more comes out about Amy as false charges are stated not only against Nick but someone else saying he raped Amy. Added in someone else enlightens him about more. So, Amy goes one step further not to be found and calls the tip line sending them in the wrong direction. Nick's heartfelt confession played all over the air. As Amy turns to an old friend for comfort and help and we move to part three where all elements of surprise are no longer there and she returns. Just how she returns and Nick's reaction you might be startled and surprised to learn. Sharon Schieber will interview you on television, reporters, blogs and tons of publicity just to frame him for her murder. So, why does she decide to return. Why not stay missing? The clues are simple: Pictures Amy, Nick, Andie, pregnancy tests and unpaid bills. She set him up perfectly. So, after the interview why does she decide to return? Gone Girl: 40 days gone and what happens next he's arrested? Then he finds her on his doorstep looking like she was beaten. But, was she and why take her in? What really happened between her and Desi? What will the police learn when the see him? What did she do? Will she get away with murder? The ending will come as a definite surprise and the final outcome will not be what you might expect. Why does everyone believe her word? Why didn't the police realize that she's a psychopath and needs help? Just how does she frame Nick? What does he decide to do?Gone Girl has many characters that add color to the plot. The group she hides out with, the police, Go, his straightforward sister, and her parents who lead the way for the reader to know that they along with Amy are superficial. Reporters that are hungry for a story. Police detectives that need retraining.This is one marriage that will make you think about the definitions of dysfunctional, psychotic and revengeful. Why do these two feel that they owe each other anything? Why does Nick think he failed? Why does Amy feel entitled?Author Gillian Flynn brings to light many issues that some face today as we learn about deceit, betrayals, distrusts, greed, hate and one woman who felt that she wanted it all but went about it in a unique and dangerous way. Gone Girl not just physically but in more ways than one. This is one novel that will definitely keep you thinking and make you wonder if the author added one more chapter what would be in store for Nick next?
Long have I been tired of the typical ""run of the mill"" female leads.  Long have I been tired of the same old plot lines and predictable endings.  Long have I been tired of the same types of men who are rich, handsome, and ""perfect"" to whomever they meet.  I wanted more substance, bite, and down right raw talent.  Needless to say, I was no impressed with the book mentioned in the title above and hope all copies of it are thrown off a cliff for no one else to ever waste their time on an extremely familiar, boring plot.When I first saw this book on the NY Times Best Seller list, I was intrigued.  I had heard about it also through a few Facebook friends and figured I'd reserve the book at my local Barnes and Noble store.  Boy, I really picked a winner and there's a reason why your friends (and mine) are talking about this book.I have always been a fan of mysteries and love trying to piece together how a crime was committed.  Even though I wasn't wise enough to do that with this book, it was still one of the best rides ever with some of the most fresh and intelligent story lines.You first meet Nick and Amy and the book (at least in Part One) seems like the normal ""his-her perspectives"" but don't let that fool you.  Nick's wife Amy goes missing and the case against Nick isn't looking all that encouraging.  I will not spoil the entire book but here is what I will say...1.  Be ready for your jaw to hit the floor, over and over again.2.  Stop reading reviews and GO read the book NOW so you can know before many of your friends what ""all the fuss is about"" and say you were one of the ""early birds""3.  Throw Shades of Grey in the trash can (simply for my amusement)4.  Have time to spare because once you pick it up, you won't want to put it down.5.  You might *think* you know what's going to happen but, trust me, you have no ideaRead Gone Girl..it'll be some of the most entertaining days of your life.  Also check out Gillian Flynn's other novels.  I know I will be doing just that in the coming weeks.
I love a good thriller, so when I happen upon one as funny, brilliant, and twisted as Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl"", the first thing I want to do is evangelize for it. This, of course, is the trap laid for anyone trying to review a book that prides itself on plot: the act of talking about what makes it special has the effect of degrading the experience for anyone who takes my advice and reads it. Even this admission does a disservice to the book. ""Gone Girl"" isn't a ""Sixth Sense"" or a ""Saw"", a story dedicated to preserving tension as it lumbers toward a twist that invalidates what's gone before. I want to make this clear: ""Gone Girl"" does not cheat, and while it tantalizes, it does not tease.The premise is deliberately familiar. Nick and Amy Dunne, once happily married in a luxurious NYC brownstone, are now quite unhappily married in a rented house in Carthage, Missouri, victims of the recession and their own human failings. On the morning of their 5th anniversary, Nick has breakfast with Amy, leaves to do... something, and returns later in the day to find Amy vanished and the house showing ""signs of a struggle"". This, at least, is what Nick tells us; his self-conscious narration comprises much of the book. Amy also puts in a few words for herself in the form of strangely detailed diary entries leading up to the day of her disappearance.It is quickly apparent that these peoples' lives are saturated with deceit. As soon as Nick summons the police to his house he begins to lie to them, a fact he admits to us with some chagrin but not much guilt. At the same time he's coming clean to us about his lies to the police, he's being suspiciously cagy with the reader. His wife's diary entries reveal things that Nick sidesteps or never mentions, and he still won't tell us what he was doing during the hours his wife disappeared. As Nick confesses, he's ""a big fan of the lie of omission"".In more standard thrillers (Harlen Coben, etc) the mystery and the tension is focused on events. What happened when, who knew what? Obviously the events in this story are crucial, but their revelation occurs though the gradual unmasking of these two central characters. What a person can be imagined to do hinges on who that person really is. As these characters are revealed to us, what we believe about their true capacity for violence and deception informs everything we've learned. Character is the true source of tension and dread in ""Gone Girl"", and the result is phenomenal.I don't want to say much more about the narrative besides this: there are three parts to this book, and if you put it down before you reach the second, you'll have cheated yourself out of something spectacular. I'd been reading slowly but steadily up to around 48% in the kindle version, intrigued and enjoying myself, but not yet fully sold. At 52% the true weight of the narrative kicked in and I stayed up till the early morning to devour the second half in a single sitting. The ending is nothing I expected but perfectly suited to what the narrative deserves. This is a masterpiece: thrilling, funny, insightful, and terrifying. A thriller in the first degree.
Gone Girl reminded me a little of the ""moving stickers"" I used to love as a kid.  As you move the sticker, the image moves, giving you a sense of a scene change and a different pose or view and this story was like that. If you tilt it one way, it is a straightforward whodunit with mystery, suspense, double crosses and people who double cross the double crossers.  Tilt it the other way and it is a dark and disturbing book that takes something relateable (a crumbling relationship) and takes you on a trip into the minds of two people whose marriage has become a whited sepulcher; on the outside they are like many married couples at a certain bumpy stage, but on the inside they are decaying in a terrifying way. Stories that are layered can be hard to structure and pace, but Gone Girl was outstanding in both respects.  Most mysteries have, at least in some part, a moral compass in the form of a character or story line that keeps the reader within sight of a true north.  No matter how bad things seem, there is that figurative light at the end of the book.  That is not so with this story.  As the layers are revealed, your opinion as a reader shifts and sways until you are unsure of whether a moral compass ever existed in the first place.Some of the brilliance of this book was that both narrators become unreliable at different times in the story.  I usually avoid this type of vehicle for storytelling because I find it annoying, quite frankly, but it worked perfectly in this case.  It begins with two people who think they know themselves, moves to the horror of true honesty and comes back to self delusion.  I was also simultaneously taken aback and fascinated by the way women are written in this book.  This genre has a history of putting females in boxes; the siren, the tragic noir heroine, the psycho b*tch from hell, the innocent, etc..  Gillian Flynn's female characters embody all of those archetypes, and while there is no doubt that there is a certain brutality in female relationships, in this case it seemed to sneak into the story and I almost didn't notice it until I really thought about why this book haunted me so much.  There is no pretty language to describe the emotional brutality in the relationships between friends, spouses or acquaintances and the author seems to take the expectations that she knows you have about human behavior and uses it against you.  The mystery itself is unbelievably brilliant in its structure, but I think the frame that surrounds the story is our ability and need to fool ourselves when faced with truths we simply cannot process.  In the end, I almost wanted everyone to just give up and go back because it seemed much less painful for all involved.  A lot has been said about the ending and I won't discuss it it detail, obviously, but I will say that it was so ominous that it took my breath away, which was perfect.  It would have been a disservice to the book to have it any other way.
Okay...clearly this book is of the polarizing variety...you tend to either love it and think it is an amazingly twisted piece of art or you go ""WHAT??!!!!!"" and immediately hate the book.  Now, that being said I truly do not want to spoil anyone's experience with this book I really dislike spoilers...when I went to buy this book I only looked at a couple and basically the one that I went with was....trust me and buy this book...don't read too many reviews, and I am grateful that I did.  I do understand the ire of some of the one star reviewers and I truly respect their feelings.  I had my own strong reaction to Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins that left me feeling depressed for several days...I still hate that book.  I love the series up until that point and then just loathe how it ends.  I think that is how a lot of people feel about Gone Girl...  It is all a matter of perspective and how you react to certain things. Someone else compared it to how they felt about the Vow...(I hated that too...but it was for completely different reasons...)  Gone Girl took me on a ride that grabbed me by the throat and kept me reading for an entire Sunday just because I had to know!!!!  I have never read anything quite like it...I enjoyed everything about it...the twists...the lies...the not knowing what to believe...  I even enjoyed the ending after I got over the abruptness of it...  Now...all you new readers STOP READING NOW!!!SPOILER!!!!!  SPOILER!!!!!! SPOILER!!!!I have to ask all you people who hated the ending...don't you think that it was a little perfect?  The fact that she was set up as this extreme psychopath mastermind and that she won in the end!!!!  She set up the final trap that she knew would keep Nick in check for however long she wanted? I did not need to like Nick or Amy in order to enjoy their story...they are both psychos in their own way...maybe it is because I am studying psychology that I enjoyed it so much...  Sometimes evil wins!  That fact is all around us...  As far as the unbelievability of what happened with the police dropping the case...what evidence did they have?  Those notes were so cryptic no jury would have understood them...what else was there?  The only thing I found a little puzzling was them not investigating Desi's death more...that was the only thing that didn't make complete sense to me...In the end I say BRAVO!!!!  And I look forward to going back and reading her other two novels....
Gone GirlWhat the reader may miss is that we are all rendered victims of a psychopath by the plot line of this book. Anyone who has ever been taken by a psychopath knows that in the end you are left having been manipulated by a heartless person who needed or wanted something from you and exploited your weaknesses to get it. Only you and the psychopath know the level of deceit they put you through. Likewise only you and the psychopath know that most people will never believe you when you try to explain how deceitful someone was and how gullible you have been. There is rarely a moment when dealing with a psychopath that everyone says, ""it's a psychopath, let's get'em.""  Instead the psychopath either meanders out of your life or you give in and put up with them in your life. This is the plot line of Gone Girl. The entire book is the rising action never coming to a full blown movie-moment when the music swells and we all want to jump from our seats cheering for the protagonist who has decided to take a stand and defeat their foe. Instead, the climax in Gone Girl comes nearly at the end of the book when the protagonist finally makes their decision about what to do. It is an underwhelming moment that leaves the reader feeling let down by the book. Unlike most denouements where the loose ends of the story are tidily wrapped up, Gone Girl's lose ends are left unanswered, unfixed,  and so there is no denouement to the novel. This is a purposeful literary device by the author to make us all victims of her psychopath, mimicking the actual feeling one experiences when a psychopath walks though our lives and pulls one over on us which leaves us hanging in their mist. A mist full of unanswered questions and loose ends that we never get over.
If you read books to study the human condition, than this book is worthy of a PH.D in what it means to be human.  Never before have a read such sharp insights into what it means to be in a relationship.Gillian Flynn nails what it means to be dysfunctional, which we all are to one extent or another, but she never condemns her characters for their faults.  Instead, Flynn shows them for what they are, warts and all, and then dares us to love them.It's not easy to love Nick and Amy because we come to know them so well, but isn't that what being in an intimate relationship is all about?  If marriage were easy, there would be no divorces, but in truth having someone know you to your very bone marrow, means that that they just might use your weaknesses against you in the power struggle that is a marriage.No one admits it, but Gillian Flynn isn't afraid to show it in her amazing new book Gone Girl.  Her portrayal of a marriage gone horribly wrong, makes the reader squirm in their collective seats as Flynn shines the light on issues we have but most of us are too afraid to admit.Here's a bit of the plot, but really, it was almost inconsequential for me.  Sure, Flynn writes a tight, suspenseful novel, with enough twists to make you feel like your mind has gone through a pretzel machine, but it's her microscopic view of humanity that hits you over the head with the club of truth that causes you to read far into the night.Nick, the husband, loses his wife on their fifth anniversary.  The house is a mess, and there's a large spot of blood on the kitchen floor that's been cleaned up.  As he watches helplessly, Nick is eventually accused of murdering his beautiful wife.  For a while, I was rooting for Nick, then comes a plot twist and I'm wondering if he really did it.Just as I was waiting for it to wrap up, the second half starts and I'm stunned by the next plot twist.  I can't even imagine how Gillian Flynn came up with this story, and I'm stunned at how much insight she has into the human psyche.  It's like having someone explain quantum physics in a way that you can say you really get it.I've already read Dark Places by Flynn, and now I can't wait to read Sharp Objects.  Flynn has just become one of my favorite new authors.
Team Nick or Team Amy?A life story, bad marriage vs. good marriage,love for your spouse or hatred. Who are you? What am I? These are the lives of two people who prove life isn't dandy, every marriage isn't perfect. And last but never the least, you never truly know someone as much as you think you do.""Life and lessons learned.""Sad to say this,but there's no review out there that can do this novel justice. It's just downright jacked up, but so addicting all combined in one. Confusing isn't it? Not only can this author write,she'll leave your mind totally mind-boggled. What an imagination she has, the plot of the story,with twists at every few pages. It just made me wonder "" is this for real?, is this really happening?,"" and my biggest question ""There are really people out there with sick and twisted minds as these characters,aren't there?"" Well hell, this story was a wake up call. Take your life in stride,and learn from your mistakes.Nick and Amy's, first two years of marriage started off as blissful,intriguing,and loving marriage. Till Amy decides she longer wants to pretend to be the ""Cool Girl"" she wants to act and be who she really is, along with having her husband understand her and love her anyways. Let me throw this in the air ""She's a Sociopath!"" but a smart woman at best. I'm not sure what I think of the Hero either. I swear for the first time in my reading history. I felt for both characters in the beginning,then I hated both characters. Now,my decision is undecided. This author got me good. Damn she's good! I loved what a wonderful job she did in writing this novel in two different point of views. Awesome!At this moment all I can say is ""Well darn!""Nick doesn't like the miserable wife Amy has become,and all her ""understandings"" he wants his wife to feel again,make a few arguments here and there so they can kiss and make up. Instead he gets the complete opposite, fake smiles, fake caring,fake love all in all. So Nick takes a different route, and does the unthinkable, the unforgivable motto that goes on in every marriage. I won't spoil this part of the story. But boy! I'll bet he thinks twice the next time he decides to do anything wrong. And I'm sure he'll think of the future and start doing background checks on anyone that gets close to him.Nick gets framed for his wife Amy's disappearance. But the question is ""Is he involved?,Is she even still alive?""Nick and Amy: ""My Gosh ,Nick, why are you so wonderful to me?"" he was supposed to say ""You deserve it.I love you.""But he said, "" Because I feel sorry for you""""Why?""""Because every morning you have to wake up and be you.""What a sad but twisted and wicked story. At this point, I want to scream how it ended. But I knew it had to end at some point. I'm stunned and in total shock, while sitting here trying to keep my profanities to a minimum,with a stomach tied in knots. I can't help but scrub my hands down my face and think ""Did I just read what I just read? Or am I dreaming?""  What a sucker punching, gut wrenching story! Like I said above, there isn't many words to describe how I felt about the book. But know this much, the author has a strong skill for writing. It's downright amazing! I gotta admit, I looked up almost every other word in the dictionary on my kindle, but her writing is phenomenal and once I took the time to define the words, all the pieces fit together.This story will WOW you on so many different levels. You might look at life through a kaleidoscope. Everything is in different color pieces. There's never a right or wrong way to live. Neither is making mistakes ever right,we all have different opinions on right and wrong.I've come across this novel based on ratings,just scrolling through amazon and goodreads. The blurb didn't catch my attention as much as the star ratings. I'm glad I decided to take this novel for a test drive. I'm now a fan and on my way to add many books of Gillian Flynn to my shelves. I'm sure one day I'll need a fantastic story to pull me out from under my rock. And her novels will be the first I turn to.Once again WOW!!!!!
After the moody and disturbing ""Sharp Objects"" and the relentlessly bleak ""Dark Places,"" I picked up Gillian Flynn's third novel wondering if she had finally lightened up a bit! Thankfully, the answer is ""no"" as ""Gone Girl"" might be her most intricately constructed and most satisfying offering to date. Flynn is unafraid to explore the darkest reaches of the human psyche and her novels (I'm a fan) straddle the line between being unpleasant and entertaining. It's an odd thing to say, perhaps, but Flynn doesn't cast many heroes in her stories--she sees everyone as deeply flawed or even severely deranged. In ""Gone Girl,"" I didn't particularly like ANY character, but the tale is so fascinating that it doesn't really matter. In fact, the ambivalence about the central figures is probably one of the book's primary selling points. Let me say this, though, this is a thriller that is best enjoyed if left to unravel on its own terms. I will not offer any spoilers and I would caution you to be wary of other reviews that reveal anything more than the introductory set-up.Flynn's novel traces the married life of Nick and Amy Dunne. This formerly affluent and seemingly perfect couple have fallen on hard times and relocated to small town Missouri. As the story opens, Amy has gone missing and it seems that Nick has plenty of secrets. Through alternating chapters, we see their history through Amy's perspective as well as Nick's and, while the tales differ significantly, both highlight a union in turmoil. As the investigation centers around Nick, his every reaction is scrutinized and critiqued in the national media (including a Nancy Grace clone). Both sides of the story are well done and intriguing, and I was constantly putting them together to try to get to the middle ground. But this is really just the start of the unraveling mystery. Anyone that tells you more is doing a great disservice to the book!Flynn has a lot more in store. As much as anything, Flynn is setting up a literary game and the reader is in for quite a ride. Some aspects of the plot , I suspected. Some were tremendous surprises. What I appreciated most, however, was how well constructed and intricate this sordid mess was. Every detail needs to be observed and fit into the big picture. But getting a handle on the big picture is the fun of it all. You may think you know where this story is headed, but it veers around and has plenty of twists. In the end, we see the portrait of a very bad marriage. But through a post-modern lens, Amy and Nick may have been perfect for one another. That's the beauty of ""Gone Girl"" and its most disturbing realization. 4 1/2 stars. KGHarris, 5/12.
I gave this book 5 stars because it is just darned good! BUT...along with that goes this I HATED THE ENDING!!!! It just was SO UNFAIR! I wont spoil it, but if you should decide to read it, be prepared for a whirlwind roller coaster ride of emotions and late night reading!!
Wow! Dark, edgy, and intense, Gone Girl isn't so much a book to read as it is a roller coaster ride to experience. It opens on the fifth wedding anniversary of Nick and Amy Dunne. And before any celebrations can be had, Amy is discovered to be gone. And thus, the roller coaster begins.Beyond the suspenseful plot and the journey of emotions is a critical look at relationships. Flynn makes keen observations about the push and pull, the give and take of relationships. And anyone who has been in a committed relationship will see the reflections of their own experiences. Sure, the knee-jerk reaction will be to say, ""I'm nothing like them,"" and to distance yourself as far as possible. But for those who can stand it, looking into those tiny mirrors is what makes reading this book really worthwhile.Evocative, chilling, and efficient, the writing in this book is excellent. The author doesn't need to string together an excess of pretty words for it to have impact. Her descriptions are clear, sharp, and to the point. In addition to the efficient wording, the author alternates the narrative voice between Nick and Amy with distinction and ease.For me, I rate the first half of the book 4 stars, and the last half 5 stars. The first half is interesting enough to keep the pages turning, but the second half is where the author really shines. The ending is intense. I'm not sure if I've ever read something so intense. Crazy. Insane. Powerful. Like watching a massive train wreck that leaves you heartbroken for the suffering, wide-eyed in fascination, and slightly terrorized too.One word of caution. This book isn't for the faint of heart. It's not a feel good novel.
You think you know, but you have no idea. I do not want to give anything away, but if you're on the fence about reading this book, just do it. It is a quick read that is definitely enjoyable! I just purchased another one of Flynn's books to read because of this one.
This novel is a tale about how opposites should remain separate, much like bleach and ammonia. This book was well written and actually made me feel something. You will find yourself at times routing for each of the characters or neither. A very intense weekend read.
Okay, I hate book reviews with even a hint of a spoiler, or a whisper about what will happen in the story. Unfortunately, I read some reviews of GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn that clued me into some of the plot mysteries. I won't do that.Let me first say this is a wonderful novel filled with plot complexity and wonderful characterizations of Nick and and Amy, husband and wife.The story unfolds with Amy gone, just disappeared like a vapor into thin air. The narrators are Amy and Nick. The first part of the novel as told through Nick's and Amy's eyes has alternating chapters told by each of them.In a sort of reverse sequencing, Amy's chapters focus on the past, when she and Nick met and describe the onset of the problems that beset their seemingly perfect marriage. Nick's chapters, on the other hand, begin on the day of Amy's disappearance and progress day by day as this nightmare unfolds.Slowly and inexorably, Amy's story melds with Nick's as their respective chapters move closer in time.Eventually, we get to part 2 describing what happens when the police get involved and slowly, the puzzle of Amy's disappearance begins to be solved. But that's only the beginning of the story.I won't tell you any more than that. I'll simply say the story is a chilling tale of duplicity and devilish manipulation. As a reader, you can't help but turn the pages to find out where it all ends up.Five out of five stars for a cleverly constructed tale and for hip, stylized storytelling. This is wonderful, contemporary fiction.Mark Rubinstein, Author, MAD DOG HOUSE (Thunder Lake Press, October 23, 2012)
I am reading this book for the second time. It is worth it, both for the writing and for the story. It is like a large onion; it has layer upon layer that gradually takes the reader deep into the complicated minds and actions of Nick and Amy Dunne. And what minds they have. One of them is certifiable, and both of them could benefit from serious psychotherapy. They are both beautiful and intelligent, and their ability to pretend to be normal, perfect people is razor sharp. This personality split lives and thrives in their psyches. And if you don’t recognize the perfection of one of them, watch out.The chapters alternate in first person between Nick and Amy. Nick’s very first chapter has ominous overtones, while Amy’s diary excerpts show sweetness and light at first, and then disappointment creeps in. Then we see her trying hard to reach Nick, and failing. And, finally, we see fear.Suddenly she disappears, and there is evidence of a struggle. The little town of North Carthage, Missouri, rallies around, and a massive search get underway. The ladies of a certain age shower Nick with casseroles and attention. The police (not country bumpkins) investigate carefully and uncover some very interesting pieces of evidence.The careful reader will probably guess what is going on fairly early, but it is fascinating to watch the whiplash-inducing twists of plot. It is also interesting to see the ways in which intelligent people can be stupid.At the core of the onion is this key question: What went wrong in this marriage made in heaven? From this all else follows. Can you find the answer?Reviewed by Elouise Ryder
For the first quarter of the book I thought it was a well written mystery (my favorite genre in books). Then the first plot twist happens and not only did I realize this was a BRILLIANTLY written mystery but also that the book was playing games with me, the reader.I enjoyed the first half of the book immensely as I worked out theories and felt so confident that I had solved the mystery. ...then, as the first half drew to a close the book slowly snuck up on me a new element: suspense.By the time I started the second half my mind was well and truly blown. I read a good chunk of the opening chapters of the second half with hands on my head and mouth agaped. This mystery/suspense had instantly become one of my favorite books. As the second act wound down the book added a third element: thriller.The whole third act is the big source of contention, particularly the ending but while I hated how it ended I love it just the same. I hated it as an observer of these characters lives but I loved the brilliant way the story's conclusion was written. The final act, by the way, adds a fourth element to the book: horror.If I had any complaints it would be in the final act and how sometimes it felt like the author was checking off items to discuss as she wrapped up the story; tying up loose ends a little too formulaically. But it didn't not detract from the brilliant story and the almost flawlessly executed writing.I was captivated from page one and only more so as the story went on.  I finished it in 3 sittings, I couldn't put it down.  Highly recommended.
There have been so many reviews written about 'Gone Girl' it feels like anything I write about Ms. Flynn's book would be redundant, but I'll give it a shot. The author is getting oodles of positive reactions for her third novel. On the plus side, Ms. Flynn is a very good writer and has plenty of plot twists to keep the reader in suspense. On the negative side, it's nearly impossible to root for any one individual who inhabits 'Gone Girl.' It's not that they're evil people, but more along the lines as damaged or burdened with very distasteful character flaws. The closest thing to a protagonist in the book would be Detective Rhonda Boney who plays second fiddle to the main characters Nick and Amy Dunne.The story Ms. Flynn constructs seems believable and scary as hell for anyone thinking about tying the knot. Falling on economic hard times is the leading contributor to marriages falling apart and the author uses that component to its fullest. I especially like her accurate take on our society's trial-by-media environment. Like her previous book I read 'Dark Places,' 'Gone Girl' is devoid of any humor. The only thing that made me smile was Ms. Flynn's thinly disguised character who was clearly the odious Nancy Grace of Court TV. Lies, vindictiveness and score-settling permeate the novel. Any nervous brides-or-grooms-to-be will likely sprint for the nearest exit door after reading it. Be warned. If you like happy endings, the book will leave you with a sour taste in your mouth. I wouldn't suggest reading 'Gone Girl' if you suffer from depression or paranoia... heck, ESPECIALLY paranoia.
Frankly, I think all of the 1 & 2 star ratings are from people that were so blown away with the fresh & raw writing style that they expected the same visceral wrap up for the ending. Okay, I get it, you didn't like the ending. So what, get over it. HOW else would you have done it?  It didn't deliver perfection so they got whiney. Well spank your little bottoms you ingrates! Go back to your James Patterson and yawn through another crappily written dumpster-filler and leave the intelligent writing to people who appreciate it!Personally, I don't read books like this but it was chosen by a friend and recommended. After the first two chapters I wanted to kiss the pages in thankfulness and scream ""THANK GOD!"" out my apartment window that I wasn't reading another POS pumped and packaged to us by a publishing industry that has thumbed its nose at good writing decades ago.The writing simply is a silken spider web of brilliant flow and intersections. You will cheer each character who comes to life in your mind and also want to beat them to death with a rubber mallet. The interchange of stories from his & her perspectives is just <Explicative> great!This book captivated my attention so heartily, I wanted to take it out for drinks, buy it dinner, sneak it into the movie theater, and yes...sleep with it. Except you won't be getting any sleep, because you won't be disappointed! (Except maybe with the typical ending that wasn't written by GOD or Shakespeare himself. Sorry perfectionists, go rub some hand sanitizer on your hands and feel better).
Let me start with this - you will either love it or hate it, no in between. That said, you will get it or you won't.  This is no formulaic drivel, this is an artisan deftly executing her craft. Flynn is a truly evocative wordsmith hitting her stride.
It is hard to impress me with a mystery book.  I have read so many over the years, that it's rare for me not to figure out the killer or the ending, etc.  This book is a little slow in the beginning.  You jump between the 2 main characters, Nick and Amy.  Amy's point of view is her speaking to you through her diary.  It gets a bit annoying and neither of the characters have any true rooting value.  Then you hit the halfway point of the book, and the whole story changes.  You will be left reading the last half of the book with your jaw dropped down to the floor and shaking your head incredulously.  The first half was a steady slow burn, and the second half is a 5 alarm fire!  While I predicted quite a bit of it, it just didn't matter, because it was that good.  And the ending is definitely one that you'll either love or hate.  I absolutely LOVED it and thought that it was the perfect ending for this book.  Very Hitchcock like.  It seems to have left a window for a sequel, but really I don't think that the author should do one.  It's prefect just the way it is.  I have since been recommending it to friends and family.  I've been enjoying all the different thoughts about this book.  It would be perfect for a book club.  So far, only one person that I recommended it to didn't like the ending, but loved the rest of the story.  I believe the reason that many seem to have issues with the ending is that authors have conditioned us to think that a book has to end a very specific way.  Gillian Flynn writes with an absolute disregard to the ""rules,"" and tells her story her way.
So this is what it looks like when opposites attract and the honeymoon ends? ""Gone Girl"" is as much a cautionary tale as it is suspense, physiological thriller and ""who done it?"". As much as I’d like to do a deep dive on the relationship dynamics on display in the novel I’m not certain that I could do that without revealing too much of the plot.  I’m not sure that I could sufficiently synopsize the physiological manipulation and maneuvering at play (and there is some real cray-cray sh*t going on in those pages) without spoiling a twist best kept as a surprise for the reader.It is safe to say that the novel is a tour de force of a cerebral nature.  Flynn is able to generate tension, suspense and action by placing the reader in the heads of her characters; a view filled with shocking twists supported by plausible circumstances that on the surface are rarely what they appear.  I finished ""Gone Girl"" reevaluating my thinking on the courtship adage ""opposites attract.""  I've always felt certain that the more a couple has in common the better for the relationship.  Not merely common superficial interest, however - that you both like to camp, or travel or golf; but a common desire to satisfy one another’s deeper needs, achieved by a natural fit of opposite cravings – such that one needs to provide while the other desires to be taken care of; one needs to control, the other is most satisfied when submitting.  I enjoyed this read a lot more than I expected.  Highly Recommended and definitely before seeing the film.
I never give 5-star reviews. There is usually something that spoils it for me. This book, however, deserves every single star.""Marriage is a Killer"" certainly sums up this story of a couple that truly evolve through the ebbs and flows of marriage. This suspense novel tells the story of a typical Lifetime-movie with such a clever framework that I immediately hate - yet grow to love. Poor Nick. Pitiful Amy. What happened? We find out over the course of the year of HELL and it's not pretty. Not in the least bit.Let's talk about the structure and tone of the book. Absolutely astounding. Throughout Part 1, I *despised* the first-person, the diary entries, and the continual 'timeline announcement'. But, dear reader, you must give it a chance! Gillian Flynn uses this style to ever-so-effortlessly sway you into feeling exactly what you end up NOT wanting to feel! Your emotions sort of betray and expose you! And isn't that what a great novel does? Or at least should do??This one may not be for the traditionalists. It's not a suspense/mystery that is sappy and on-the-surface like so much popular fiction.It's deep, if you digest it and truly think about it.It's suspenseful, if you allow yourself to follow the story and pick up the slight, quiet clues along the way.It's shocking, because...what the???It's worthwhile, because you probably won't read something like this again.PS - Cant wait for the major motion picture. It's better not disappoint!
This book and the two others I've read by Gillian Flynn were all phenomenal. I read them in less than a week. I couldn't put them down. Many interesting twists and turns. Best books of 2013! Can't wait for the Gone Girl movie to come out.
Unbelievable book! Gillian Flynn did a remarkable job keeping me guessing the whole time. Just when I thought I figured it out, I was blindsided by something new. Rarely do I walk away from a book feeling so much emotion for a character!
It has been a long time since a novel through me for such a turn as will happen in the murder mystery Gone Girl. The twist in this novel will have you caring for the characters and then despising them in the next moment.The novel centers on Nick Dunne and the disapperance of his wife Amy. It becomes apparent early on that the picture perfect marraige is anything but and as time goes on Nick becomes the central figure in a murder investigation of his missing wife. Nick does little to make you care about him, even as you see the walls closing in, tidbits of who he really is comes to the surface and you begin to believe he could be the killer.But then the truth of Amy begins to seep to the surface as well and then you are unsure of who is who and what is what. But you know you need to ride this one out because is Amy dead? Is she really missing? Did Nick kill her? Did Nick do anything but be a bad husband? And how bad was he really?Gillian Flynn does a masterful job of dropping hints to the truth without ever revealing it until then she does and it leaves you questioning everything you have read for the last hundred pages. Yes the twists when they come, you won't see and they will be just like hitting the reset button. They are just that good.If I seem ambigious in this review it is that I don't want to give any details of the story away. It is much more fun to find them out for yourself.Pick it up and enjoy Gone Girl.
Gone Girl"" is one of those books that keeps the reader turning the page through use of tangled webs of lies and the improbable results.  Each chapter seems to introduce a new suspect and a new motive for the alleged murder.  Alternating chapters are narrated by Nick and by his wife Amy Dunne; each individual provides their unique perspective on the events occurring in the novel.Characters are strongly drawn.  Their personalities are presented through the two diaries which are detailed enough for the reader to develop strong reactions toward the individuals.  Nick is the quintessential ""momma's boy""; a handsome man, he has been coddled and protected through his life.  His mother and his twin sister enable his behavior.  His angry father has alienated Nick whose reactions are those of an individual observing events, but not really internalizing them.  Amy is brilliant, a true genius - especially when it comes to self-preservation.  She resents her parents using her as a model for their ""Amazing Amy"" series of children's books.""Gone Girl"" is a book that is hard to put down.  While there are some things that the reader will question and will see as a possible oversight during editing - to discuss them would spoil the novel, those instances are rare.  If you are resisting reading ""Gone Girl"" because of the publicity it has received, stop resisting and start reading.
This was a very intriguing perspective on insanity twisted two times.Love and Hate for both characters.Kept you guessing till the end.Hope there is a sequel.Have recommended it to all my girl friends.
An engrossing story that is best enjoyed without any prior knowledge of what it is about.  Do not read any of the reviews that give too much detail.  Believe me, the surprises are best left for you to discover on your own.
Possible spoilers!The story of Nick, Amy, and an incredible deception.  Nick and Amy get married and seem perfect for one another.  Even though each has hang ups from their youths, these really do not surface until their lifestyles take a change.  When their world becomes rocky, the problems start, and the personalities and characters they have made themselves and everyone else believe, are lost. Both Nick and Amy begin to show a side that they themselves don't even want to believe exists.I found the book to be readable and engrossing. After I completed the book, I continued to ponder Nick and Amy and how they tried to be what family and society wanted them to be.  That in itself wasn't so difficult when there were jobs and friends and the feeling of success; but, like many others, when times become rough and the test of character is made, failures result. It was intriguing to see both turn into coniving individuals, of course, one much more so than the other.The ending, which was what most of the single star reviews hated about the book, was not a fairy tale ending, but life is not always a fairy tale. One review stated it was more of a Hitchcock ending.  I agree and I am a long time fan of Hitchcock, so even though the book didn't necessarily end as I would have liked, I do respect the author's ability and ""guts"" to do something different.
This was a page turner, and while disturbing I never contemplated not finishing this book.  Very well written, the characters are interesting, and the plot has lots of twists and turns to keep the reader interested.
Contemporary, Suspense, RomanceNew York City & North Carthage, MissouriNick and Amy Dunne are getting ready to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary.  It is a warm summer morning in North Carthage.  As the presents are wrapped and the reservations made Nick’s beautiful and clever wife disappears.  Now the police are investigating. Nick might be the town golden boy but he isn’t helping with his deceit, his lies nor his inappropriate behavior.  He is definitely bitter and evasive, oddly so, but that doesn’t make him a killer or does it?This is story that is full of suspense and so many twists and turns that soon the reader is doubting even themselves.  This a book that sucks the reader in with all that is happening and wondering just what will happen next and just what the truth is.  Just when the reader thinks they have figured out the mystery something else is thrown into the mix that makes them wonder if they are on the right track or not.  The story will also keep the reader guessing until the very end on just how this one will end.  This is one book that is worth reading and will have readers re-reading over and over even when they know the ending because with all the nuances in it readers are sure to discover something new with every read.  It does have a somewhat abrupt ending but overall it still an excellent book.
I resisted reading this for a long time because I knew the main character was ""unlikable"".  Why spend that much time with an unlikable character?  But even more than likable characters, I need a book that makes me keep turning the pages and this one definitely does that.  That's my contract with the book/author -- you make me want to find out what's next and I'll keep reading.  And this book definitely keeps up its end of the contract.I don't think the point of a review is to regurgitate the plot; the point of a review is to tell you whether the book was worth reading and provide enough of a sense of urgency that you feel compelled to get that book as soon as possible and make it part of your, ""books read collection"".  I know the book's been out a while now and it's hard to imagine anyone who hasn't read it and yet I was one of those few.  I am glad the release of the movie gave me the nudge to reconsider my feelings about unlikable main characters and proceed with reading the book.  I wanted to see the movie and I wanted to see how the book was brought to life and what changes might have been made. (Very few, as it turns out).I'm not sure what else I can say to assure potential readers it is worth reading, unlikable characters and all.  But I must tell you that when I finally caved in and read it, I caved completely.
There's something of a divide among readers of this novel.  Some view it as a brilliant exegesis of modern marriage or of dysfunctional relationships while others object to the gimmickry of the different time-perspectives or the ""lack of resolution"" at the end.I come down hard on the side of ""brilliant.""  I admire the cleverness of the two voices and the almost Memento-like time-splits, but what impressed me the most was Gillian Flynn showing how seemingly normal attitudes and problems in a relationship can dangerously devolve into something approaching madness when taken to logical extremes.  The seeds of madness and disaster are present in many if not most relationships, and all that's needed for them to flower is some bad luck, a wrongheaded belief, and a passionate commitment to being right.  At least that's what I took away from the novel.For those who decry the ending, I have a suggestion: try rewriting it.  I think you'll find it surprisingly difficult to improve upon.As an author, I'm fascinated not only by this novel but by the literary evolution it represents.  Ms. Flynn's previous novels were, in my opinion, okay at best.  But something happened with GONE GIRL.  A light came on.  A spark burst into flame.  I'm very curious - and a bit skeptical - about whether the author can keep that flame going.  I'm hoping she does.
My neighbor and I texted back and forth nonstop through hurricane Sandy as we read Gone Girl!  We loved all the twists as the story progressed. When I got back to work, the book was the hot topic at lunch, too.
This is an intense and scary (in many ways) look inside a marriage. Guy named Nick Dunne is married to gal named Amy Elliott. On the day of their 5-year anniversary, Nick is at work and receives a call from one of his neighbours ""Nicky, I just thought you should know...your door is wide open, and that cat of yours is outside. It isn't supposed to be, right?""No it's not, so Nick goes home; Amy is not there.From being in Nick's head, the reader already knows that this marriage wasn't doing so well, mostly because Nick doesn't sound happy --and maybe a bit weird too, especially when he says ""There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold."" Flynn switches her storytelling between both Nick in real time, and Amy from her diary entries; these entries start at the beginning of their relationship and follow their love story.The contrast between Nick's present unhappy marriage and Amy's storytelling of falling in love, and of their perfect match gives a stronger sense that something is really awry. Flynn exploits this brilliantly by throwing in unexpected sentences here and there that unbalances the reader, creating strong discomfort. While Nick is questioned by two detectives, he thinks ""It was my fifth lie to the police. I was just starting."" And of course, the reader immediately thinks ""well, what were the first four?"" Later during the questioning by the detectives, Nick says to himself ""This was my eleventh lie.""Gillian Flynn expertly manipulates the readers by having them constantly change their opinion about Nick depending on what he says, thinks, does, or how he acts, reacts, or stays passive. I've not often read a book where I've felt so absorbed and uncomfortable at the same time. The underlying creepiness and unsettling atmosphere coming off the page are as intense and as close as possible to experiencing it in real life.The marriage has gone insanely wrong. The reader realizes that Nick and Amy are either very wrong for each other, or perfectly matched; you'll have to decide. But I warn you, there are no wrong answers; I'm tempted to say no right ones either. Gillian Flynn unspools a clever and intricate plot that is both machiavellian and pure genius in its depiction of a modern-day relationship. Being careful not to spoil anything to those who haven't read the book yet, I'll say this: when you've finished reading GONE GIRL, Michael Douglas and Glenn Close's relationship in ""Fatal Attraction"" will seem like a great love story to you.While all clues point towards Nick, and as his lies become apparent to the police, he becomes the main suspect in the disappearance of his wife. His nonchalant, almost bored attitude seem very suspicious to both the media and the public opinion too, especially since ""the husband is almost always guilty"". To deflect some of that tension, Gillian Flynn takes us deep into the couple's married life to show Nick and Amy at their best and worst. We learn about the loss of their jobs, about Amy's unhappiness regarding their move from New York City to a rented McMansion on the Mississippi, about the money problems, the question of having kids, and of secrets from before they knew each other.Gillian Flynn's sense of timing is as perfect as if she is building an enormous clock --or a time-machine-- that she uncovers one or two pieces at a time, while revealing Nick and Amy's day to day story. Flynn brings new developments exactly when you don't expect them, winding the story back in the opposite direction of where you thought it was heading, while the plot still keeps going forward. Flynn does that often but you follow willingly because it is always believable --you can still hear the tick-tock of the clock in the background, and the grinding of the time-machine-- and her moves are backed-up by elements she has spread throughout the pages (almost nonchalantly, you think) and everything clicks together until you finally see the whole work. Or maybe not.Another aspect that proves Flynn's total control of the story is her ambidextrous talent for both male and female points of view, especially with the characters inner-dialogues which are a major part of the novel. She is as credible inside Nick's head as she is inside Amy's; not only that, but their changing moods and their actions are rendered as convincingly as any great actors could play them. Speaking of which, these two characters are dream roles for any talented actors who play within a wide range of emotions.And of course, GONE GIRL would be a terrific movie in the right director's hands. But read the book first, it is much better than any movie adaptation could be.
Nick and Amy's marriage started out just as you would hope, two people deeply in love.  Nick was handsome and care free, Amy was beautiful and the ""Amy"" behind her parents 'Amazing Amy' book series which left Amy with quite a little nest egg...but things are not always as they seem....As years go by, things change for the happy couple.  Amy gives the majority of her money back to her parents when they hit financial difficulties, then both she and Nick lose their jobs in New York.  Nick's mom is sick and his dad has Alzheimer's so the couple moves back to Missouri to be close to his parents and start over.  Amy uses the last large chunk of her inheritance to help Nick and his twin sister Margo purchase a bar.Now, on their five-year anniversary a very different couple has emerged from where Nick and Amy started.  They can not seem to connect any more and that morning Nick leaves for his bar, only to receive a call shortly after from a neighbor saying something seems wrong at Nick's home, the door is wide open, the cat who is never allowed outside is on the front step.  Nick comes home to find the living room tore apart, the iron left on, and Amy missing.As a closer look is taken, and with the help of the clues that Amy left for Nick as she does every year to find his anniversary present, Nick soon becomes the prime suspect. Having his own secrets, Nick works with his sister trying to get to the bottom of what happened to Amy.but things are not always as they seem....As the story unfolds.... there is more than meets the eye and a very twisted tale unfolds which really shows that you never know what goes on behind white picket fences and closed doors.Gone Girl is as I said a mystery.  No scratch that... it is a thriller.  But also - not your run of the mill thriller (enter scary man stage left) but add PSYCHOLOGICAL THRILLER to the mix.  Yup... it is a little wacky but oh so good!This is one of those books that are hard to review because it is so masterfully put together you (I) do not want to give anything away that is best for the reader (you) to discover on your own.  Which.. leaves me in the awkward position of saying pretty much...nothing.Let me put it like this, what you think you know... you don't.  When you think you have it all figured out (like I did by page 111), you don't.  You are not even close to the crazy that is happening up in here.  When I told my friend Angie how much I was loving it she asked ""are you on part 2 yet?""  and I responded., ""There's a part 2?????""  I flipped ahead about ten pages and sure enough... the book has a part two, and as long as I am sharing... also a part three.Gone Girl is one of those books you do not want to put down.  I read that first day I picked it up as long as I could into the evening until I felt my eyes droop and I had to stop.  A rarity for me, I read this while standing at the grill the next evening, instead of listening to an audio book.  Folks... this just does not happen.  :shock:  In fact, I spent the better part of two days reading this book in every spare moment I could squeeze out and my thoughts on it went something like this:""WHAT?""""Noooooo....""""That can't be, ri... oh.  It is.""""NO WAY!""""That's crazy!""""That's brilliant!""""Oh no he didn't!""""OH NO, she didnt!""Yes, this is my review of Gone Girl.  Fantastic.  Perhaps, the best book I have read in 2012 so far.  It is different than anything I have read before, well through out and now I am seriously curious about author Gillian Flynn's state of mind (kidding, kidding... I think...).  So well thought out... so amazingly put together... I am still sitting here in awe and on my way to see what else she has written.RECOMMENDED!*Note:  Occasional crude language, nothing over the top (I hate that), but it is there and I want you to be aware.
Let me start out by saying that I do not generally read mystery  books. I""m not a fan of gum shoe, who-dunits. But something about the description of this book pulled me in.I LOVED IT! In fact, it's at the top of my list of best books of 2012 (behind The Fault in Our Stars).Gillian Flynn created a taut thriller, full of so many twists and turns, the reader could get whiplash.But I think what made it particularly engaging, for me, was the underlying study of a marriage. I've been married for over two decades, and a divorce attorney for almost 20 years. I've been in a position to be an observer the the marriage relationship. I think Gillian Flynn understands marriage - very well. Though she's writing about people that, it turns out, are pretty darn unbalanced (an understatement), Flynn's exploration of the cat and mouse game of marriage rings very true.I've read the 1 star reviews for this book and almost universally, the one-star raters hated the ending. And I can see their point. But I think such readers are, perhaps, missing the author's point. I see her ending as a commentary on marriage. I can say no more without giving away the ending. If you are the type of reader that wants her thriller or mystery read to conform to the genre norms, than this book may not be for you. The ending is clever and in my view, the most plausible way to end all that came before. Giving it a pat ending would have felt wrong after all that came before.I enjoy a story that offers substance and Flynn delivers. She goes deeper than just looking at marriage. Gillian Flynn also deftly weaves into her story an indictment of our modern, media-driven justice system - and our media-driven culture. The book leaves the reader considering the question of persona. Where is the line between the real us - the real spouse - the real friend -- and the persona that people use when interacting publicly. All of us are, to some extent or another, in this age of social media, an ""Amazing Amy.""As a mystery, the book rocks. I usually figure it out right away. So I was happy that Flynn will keep me guessing up until the very end. And the end is haunting.My only criticism of the book is that, at times, there were just too many words. Each of the characters could go on, and on. I started to wax over. Especially when I got into Part II of the book, there just seemed to be a lot that could have been cut. Unessential character blabbering. Once again (my worn out refrain these days), a really good editor could have helped Flynn make this story so much tighter. Sigh, where have all the editors gone?Even if you, like me, are not a mystery reader, try this book.Gillian Flynn has earned a new fan.
Wow. I didn't intend to read Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl when I did. Two other books sat on the top of the reading pile, begging for a thorough read, the Amazon reader review thing, and so on. But one dark day, I needed a book with an edge to it, and having peeked at a sample page of Gone Girl already, I knew where to find that edge.Gone Girl is the story of Nick and Amy, a seemingly perfect couple to anyone looking in from the outside. But at the start of the book, on the couple's fifth anniversary, when Nick comes home to a ransacked living room and a missing wife, the marriage has already deteriorated to a far from perfect state. Talk about your love hate relationship. Nick and Amy have one in spades at this point - mostly hate, but with love so excruciatingly painted around the edges you can't imagine a better combination.Nick's clumsy handling of himself during the police investigation and an accumulating, increasingly-damning pile of evidence soon point the finger at him as the murderer. We, the readers, don't know whether he is one or not, even though we've been reading most passages from his first person point of view.So is he or isn't he? I won't spoil it. Let me instead touch on two compelling aspects of this novel. First, Gillian's voice is one that many writers would kill for (bad pun, I know). Through the first half of the book she alternates her passages from Nick's point of view (written in a Jess Walter voice, and you never think for one second that hmmm this is a woman trying to write from a man's POV), and Amy's point of view as found in diary entries written before the climactic murder or abduction or whatever actually happened (because I still refuse to tell). Amy's voice is much different than Nick's and I love that. She's brilliant and has a fascinating perceptiveness about each of those many people who just can't help but revolve around her irresistible gravitational force.The other can't-put-it-down aspect of this novel is the quick pacing both before and after a sudden switch in plot halfway through. By that point, as a reader, you think you know the whole story and how it will all end, and you can't imagine what the second half of the book will be for.  Why isn't this a novella? What's coming next?What's coming next is motive, and true circumstances, plans going awry, plans being reshaped, and a remarkable elevation of compromise to an art form.I loved this book.Joe
I picked up Gone Girl based on an odd coincidence - two unrelated people on my Twitter feed both raving about it within hours of each other - and it's a coincidence that I'm deeply glad for, because otherwise I might have missed out on this twisted, surprisingly, gleefully dark thriller. Gone Girl starts off simply enough: it's Nick Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary, but his wife Amy has disappeared. There are signs of a struggle in his living room, but otherwise - nothing. In alternating chapters, we see Nick struggling to find out the truth and Amy's diary detailing the idyllic early days of their relationship...but cracks start to show, and soon. And as the media starts to turn on Nick, we start to question whether Nick is as good as we think he is...but it's not long before Flynn starts to pull the rug out from under the reader again and again, until we're forced to question just about every single aspect of the book we've read so far. This is my first exposure to Gillian Flynn, but it won't be the last; even if we were only talking about the plot, I'd have to rank Gone Girl as one of the most involving and gripping thrillers I've read in years - I absolutely could not put it down, and found myself reading it every time I sat even for a moment. But more than that, there's Flynn's great writing, which allows her to create both Nick and Amy as complex characters based on nothing more than their own narration and discussion - characters that can still surprise you greatly in ways that I wouldn't dream of revealing. Gone Girl plays out brilliantly, all the way to an ending that seems to have really upset some people, and that baffles me; to me, the ending is a brilliantly dark punchline to the novel, a pitch-black immersion into the darkness that's prevalent in every page of the book anyway. (In fact, for my money, the ending elevates it from a good thriller to a brilliant one.) I've come across one person already comparing Flynn to the legendary Patricia Highsmith, and it's a great comparison; both seem to have a knack for understanding how people work, both have created absolutely legendary sociopathic villains (and, oh, is there ever a stunning villain lurking somewhere in Gone Girl), and both were willing to follow their characters to the absolute heart of darkness if it felt right. Consider me a fan already - I plan on reading Flynn's two earlier books as soon as I possibly can, but even if they don't live up to Gone Girl, I've still gotten one absolutely astonishing thriller out of this experience.
I loaded this book onto my Kindle on July 4 and started reading. And didn't stop. Everywhere I went, the Kindle went, which meant I was sneaking in reading time when I was supposed to be paying attention to something else. Gone Girl is that riveting a read.Before I invested in the download -- you could get a couple of double lattes for $12.99! -- I read most of the reviews here. A lot of people loved the book but only gave it one or two stars because of the ending. I am stunned, but I'll get to that in a minute.  Why did I like it?* The writing is almost unfailingly crisp and witty. The story is told entirely in the first person(s). Even if the reader starts to question the veracity of the stories which, by the way, you can't help doing once you realize that the narrators may not be as reliable as you might hope, there is no disputing the individual clarity and consistency of the three first person accounts.* The twists. All right, it's a mystery/thriller, so you're going to anticipate a few corkscrew moments. But every time I thought I knew which direction we were heading, the story took a u-turn and scurried up a back road I hadn't even spotted.* The sendup of the missing wife ritual. From OJ to Lacey and Scott to the Powells, we all know by now: the husband did it. Who else would have the motive? It's just a matter of figuring out how/when/what, and no one will be surprised if no body appears because there are plenty of places to hide one. Since the husband in this story is also a narrator, it's easy to doubt his version of reality, especially when the plot begins to track the Scott/Lacey story a little too closely for my taste. Indeed we do catch him in some lies. But even the lies may surprise us. As an extra bonus, Flynn throws in a few parodies of talk show hosts, but since all the current authors seem to be on that particular bandwagon, the device has lost some of its potency.* The emphasis on appearance, and appearances. Nick and Amy, as we are told many many times in different ways, are both several standard deviations above average in looks. Beautiful people can get away with behavior that the rest of us can't, or maybe they can't get away with anything because everyone assumes they're using their attractiveness to manipulate everyone else. This theme is reflected in the focus on appearances: any given situation can be interpreted in a number of contradictory ways. And the first interpretation may be the false one. Or maybe not.As an aside, Amy's riff on women being their true selves rather than their faux ""cool"" selves was one of the most delectable moments in the book. It could have been omitted from the story without any harm, but it was just plain wonderful.* The ending. Okay, I know that a lot of people hated it. It's not a neatly packaged happily-ever-after denouement, like a made for tv movie.  If you need to have your mysteries resolved Agatha Christie style, you will be dissatisfied. But it's diabolical, it's clever, and it's the gun from act 1 that fires in act 3. There are many ways this book could have ended, and the author took a risk with this one, but if you're reading the book as a psychological thriller rather than as a police procedural, it's perfect.The book itself isn't perfect. There are a few plot deviations that nagged at me as I was reading. They're not material to the story or its outcome, just kind of sloppy. Because by the time I was 100 pages into the book, I knew Amy well enough to expect her to plan everything to the nth degree and was disappointed when she didn't, and I knew Nick well enough to know that he might do something really stupid but that he would at least think about what he was doing while he was doing it. Characters are allowed to surprise us, but they aren't supposed to step out of character.All in all,Gone Girl is a great and gripping way to pass a few hours. But try to pick it up before bedtime or you may not get to sleep until dawn.
Upon finishing Gone Girl, the newest psychological thriller by established author Gillian Flynn, I had to ask myself, ""are all of Gillian Flynn's books like this?"". If they are, I can tell you now that I am going to be a huge fan. In short, I loved this book. I loved the way the author crafted the characters. I loved the way that she doled out the story, keeping you guessing about what was really going on. I loved the way that she threw out so many inconsistent details that you weren't really sure what was real, if any of it. Or who was lying to whom. Or ultimately, who were the good guys and who were the bad guys.One thing I really enjoy about reading thrillers is that they are like puzzles. I love trying to figure out where the author is going with a story before they reveal their twists in the plot. That said, I especially love when an author hits me over the head with a plot twist that I didn't even see coming. This book had all of the above. It started out pretty good, but normal for a psychological thriller, then just when I thought I had figured out what was going on, another detail would come out that had me doubting myself. Best of all, though, the author was able to reveal certain plot points that were total surprises to me. Things that I had not even considered, at least not seriously. Here I was, formulating all sorts of theories, which I love to do, and trying to keep track of all of the things that didn't seem to make sense and the story would hit me with an HOLY CRAP moment. At that point, I was hooked.I thought the characters in the book were great, also. I thought she did an exceptionally good job with Nick and Amy, making them both who they seemed, and someone else entirely. The layers to their personalities and relationship was riveting. And even the supporting characters were crafted with so many layers that they were constantly surprising me with there behavior.The only thing that keeps me from giving this book a flat out 5 star rating was the ultimate ending. For some reason, the ending just set me on edge. It's not that it wasn't believable, because it was. It's not that it wasn't appropriate to the story, because it certainly was. It is just that I didn't like where it ended. I can't say more than that without giving it away.So again, I say, I hope all of Gillian Flynn's books are this twisted, dark, and riveting. I am poised to be a major fan! A 4.5 star MUST READ for thriller lovers.
I just finished this book after not being able to put it down, and reading over half of it one overnight this week.  I agree with the reviewers who say this book becomes a priority, a matter of urgence to find out what happened.  I think this is a masterpiece, a fun read, a gripping read, a thriller, but not a thriller you forget about the next day.  This one is simmering in my brain and actually changing my own behavior.  I also don't want to give too much away, but to me this is more a psychological thriller than anything else, about marriage and relationships.  It's really about something.  It's kind of an object lesson wrapped in a story line, and says something extremely profound about how we treat the ones we love, and how we come to take each other for granted, and how we sometimes don't want others to know the ""real"" us, or punish people for getting too close and seeing our faults.  I'm struggling a bit with the ending as well, but I've come to believe that it's a perfect ending (or as perfect as a story like this will be able to have), because there really is no ending in real life, much of the time.  It's a razor-sharp ending, requiring the story and us to stay on guard.  Which I believe is appropriate for these characters and this story.  And what it says about the characters' future, and ours, is very chilling.  But also hopeful.  Again, trying not to insert spoilers but: we can reinvent ourselves, we can treat people differently.  We don't have to be on auto-pilot.  We can be who we want to be.  And, sometimes when we are pretending we are more real than we realize.  Very fundamental themes.  This is the best book I've read since Time Traveler's Wife which is the best book I ever read.  So I have high praise for the book and intend to read Ms. Flynn's other books now.  (I should mention that I'm a long-time reader of Entertainment Weekly and read its promotions of the book, but decided not to read the review or interview with the author, until after I read the actual book.  I didn't remember/realize that Ms. Flynn used to write for Entertainment Weekly or remember that I used to like her writing in that publication, until I read the review last night.  I'm so excited for her that she's soaring like this and can't wait to read what she writes next. - but I can't imagine she could possibly top this book though, for me, at least in terms of the themes she has explored.)
Gone GirlByGillian FlynnWhat's it all about?The story of a really messed up marriage.My thoughts...The story was told in unfolding alternating chapters...by Nick and Amazing Amy.  I love when an author does this...and also the book was divided into three yummy parts...the before, the going on now, and the what happens next.This book was very intense...Nick and Amy...two very flawed people...lose everything...jobs, lives in NYC, townhouse, and Amy's trust fund.  She is the beloved only child of a writing team who have based their best selling books on her life...thus she is...Amazing Amy.  Only snippets of her life within the book reveal how messed up this has made her...whew!!!This book was a tense nail biting ride...Amy disappears one morning and of course Nick is under suspicion.  Everything he does and says incriminates him...he is stupid and reckless and cocky.  He is a mess. He tries to help his new police buddies and only digs himself deeper and deeper into being the suspect. He smiles inappropriately, he acts inappropriately...he does everything wrong...including an affair with a student...a young student.It's as though Nick is being pulled along a tortuous path by someone who is dastardly and devious and manipulative...I wonder who that could be?Hmmm.This isn't a book that I can reveal to you...it was laden with twists and turns and chilling surprises.  Once I thought I knew what was happening I was knocked down by another surprise...and not a good one.I started this on Sunday night...and literally read it all night long...it is so gripping I could not put it down...there was never a point when I wanted to stop reading...I actually could not stop.This book is that great.It has brilliant writing, amazing characters, an unfreakingbelievable  plot...one of the best books I have read this year...It was so much more than a mystery...it was an event.  It was a long soulful look  into the lives of two destructive people who are supposed to love each other.  It was a ride with a character who was so evil and so determined to get revenge on the other...amazing stuff.Truly a wonderful book. Every single page I spent with these two weird people...every chilling eye opening event was mesmerizing...mesmerizing.This book had the most flawed, evil, dangerous, engrossing and creative  characters that I have encountered in a long time.It was an unforgettable book.
Koontz and King often write about the horror of supernatural forces that threaten our safety. Flynn, in this hybrid crime and psychological suspense thriller, creates an electrifying, macabre tale primarily out of the dissection of a marriage, the real goo and gore that can tear us apart. It thrusts the reader into intoxicating madness and exposes the most private, shameful secrets of a relationship. Written in chapters alternating in the convincing voices of Nick and Amy, the story is packed with a jet-fueled, wickedly dark plot without sacrifice of character. Did you hear the rumble and see the flames? That was me turning the pages as they lit my fingers on fire.Amy and Nick both lost jobs as magazine writers in New York, a diminishing returns profession due to the rise and expansion of the Internet. Amy is a trust fund baby, the daughter of psychologists and writers of a once famous children's book series named after her. Nick's childhood was pretty grim. They reluctantly move back to Nick's decaying hometown in northeastern Missouri, (near Mark Twain's hometown of Hannibal), to care for Nick's ill mother and oversee the care of Nick's father, who suffers from Alzheimer's and lives in a nursing home.Nick buys a bar with his twin sister, Margo (Go), and Amy stays at home, still jobless. On the afternoon of their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy has gone missing after an apparently violent struggle. As the police investigate the kidnapping of Amy, the story soon goes viral. Contained pandemonium ensues.The author ably injects the inflammatory bottom-feeders of mainstream media and the voices of the Internet--the new vanguard of crime-watchers-- to demonstrate that in the 21st century, everyone's an expert and everybody has an opinion. Adamant, boisterous, and scouring cries predominate--where conjecture rules and the crowd buzzes on blogs, vlogs, tweets, and Facebook.The less you know about the details of this book, the more you benefit from the harrowing twists and turns. Flynn has a phenomenal grasp of character. She never takes the easy way out, nor does she use clichés or stockroom phrasing. Her characters--primary, secondary, even tertiary-- are authentic, and she has done her homework on the unstable ones. As a psychiatric nurse, I often suffer from occupational hazard in the reading room. I've read too many inaccurate profiles of unbalanced characters that seem borrowed and hackneyed. Flynn avoids stereotypes. Her characters are organically portrayed, heads and hearts projecting like rockets from the pages. The plot sizzles with a sense of immediacy, led by the people who populate it.I love this book. I don't typically wax on about a crime thriller, not since Tana French's IN THE WOODS and THE LIKENESS. GONE GIRL is smart, disturbing, witty, arresting, wily, and unruly. Flynn's provocative approach is bald but cultivated, naked but well groomed. It is hip and edgy without calling attention to itself, reminding me a bit of Christopher Bollen's lugubrious style in LIGHTNING PEOPLE. Quotable passages blend with a brisk, billion-watt plot. She never lets up or gets cozy; a crown of thorns with extra spikes awaits you. Ouch!
This book left such a great impression on me that I felt compelled to write my first review ever on a novel.  It's hard to summarize the story without giving too much away - but in sum, this novel is about a young couple who are married and live in NYC.  They both lose their jobs and circumstances bring them to move to Missouri, the husband's (Nick) hometown.  When his Manhattanite wife (Amy) goes missing, what ensues is a stomach wrenching (in a good way), plot twisting rollercoaster of events that has you on edge and keeps you guessing and wanting more.Gillian Flynn is an incredible writer.  She really gets us into the minds of the main characters, and tells the female perspective AND male perspective extremely well.  You really felt she understood how men and women think and was able to convey it brilliantly in this novel.  The characters are morally twisted and there is a lot of foul language, but this book is a great read for anyone who likes a good mystery novel.Before reading the book, I read a ton of reviews on here.  There were many that stated how awful the ending was, so I braced myself to be disappointed.  It was quite the contrary.  I felt the ending was appropriate.  It's by far the best book I've read all year.  I can't wait to read her other books!
But I know I'll never sleep again. I can't close my eyes when I'm next to her. It's like sleeping with a spider."" - Nick Dunne""Isn't that what every marriage is, anyway? Just a lengthy game of he-said, she-said?"" - Amy Elliott DunneGONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn is a deliciously unnerving novel of a marriage gone badly askew.The plot begins ""the day of"" as bar owner Nick Dunne discovers his wife has disappeared when, after being telephoned by a neighbor that his home's front door is open and Bleecker the cat is sitting on the front porch, he returns to find wife Amy gone. There are signs of a struggle in the living room. Thus begins Nick's half of the first-person narrative.Alternating with segments of Nick's tale are entries from Amy's diary beginning seven years previous in 2005.The two timelines eventually merge.The first half of GONE GIRL is a riveting Who-Dunne-It. Then, that question answered, the last half is a fascinating exercise in subdued dread - perhaps that same disbelieving unease felt when, purely by chance, you notice a cold and calculating look directed your way by the spouse when he/she is slicing a piece of raw meat with a razor-sharp knife. You thought you knew him/her so well. And maybe he/she knows you too well.What makes GONE GIRL so good, besides the ingeniously rendered intrigue, is the fact that it's not so farfetched. After all, who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men ... and women. As you consider your wife or husband, can you be certain of your continuing safety in the presumed sanctuary of the home you've made together? Is the Trojan Horse the Beamer he/she drives into the garage at night?
I am mainly reader of non-fiction. The fiction I read is usually of the da Vinci code genre or CIA Cold War spy stuff. If a book is on Oprah's list or on the NYT fiction list or has thousands of 5 star reviews on Amazon I probably won't read it. Call me a contrarian. But I took a chance with Gone Girl. See I like Ben Affleck and since he is filming the script version I thought I should read the book prior to the movie coming out.I was in for a treat. I read Gone Girl in one afternoon sitting. I found it spell-binding. The characters were 3 dimensional, fleshed out and psychologically cogent. Marriage is not for wimps, Gillian Flynn seems to say. Just as couture runway fashion over dramatizes each season in order to move the fashion sensibility of the masses just a small amount so too does Gone Girl illuminate the dynamics of marriage in scenes writ larger than life.So even if Scott Peterson is not your husband nor Andrea Yates your wife, this novel none-the-less holds a mirror, wavy, darkened, distorted and magnified, to reflect the the oft hidden dynamics of everyday husbands and wives. And that small kernel of truth regarding what we know and what we don't know about our significant other is what propelled me page by ominous page to the end.
This mystery has sharply drawn characters and a devious plot that contains twists right up to the final pages. It was a bestseller nearly all last year and really deserves the encomiums it received.
It's been a while since I read a book that made me want to stay up all night and keep on reading. I loved the plot and the suspense. The flow is just awesome. I would recommend this book to anyone.
Dark, chilling, devious, heartbreaking, frustrating and beat of all, constantly surprising. I hope there is a sequel where Amy's issues get resolved permanently. I'm so needing Nick to fix things.
Holy cow. I hope more people read this book before seeing the movie. (I have been patiently waiting to finish to finally rend the film.)This book is CRAZY and GOOD. I spent the first half of the book convinced that it was all very ho-hum and by the numbers, I knew twists and turns were coming but it felt like the set up was really drawn out. But when the Author flips the switch...the path you walk down is well worth the set up. The book plays with themes that I think men and women can identify with. Depending on your background I can see different people reacting differently. I understand if some women feel it paints women in a bad light. But I think it paints men and women in a bad light. Both male and female leads have flaws (some bigger then others, but it's a crime drama for crying out loud. Someone has to be guilty.) Without spoiling anything for any reader out there, the book is well written and thrill ride. I stayed up nights finishing the final chapters. It's unsettling, yet fun, you find yourself rooting for one side then the other. The actual final pages don't sit as well as the rest of the book, but in a story with crazy, out of control characters, their final place in this world is perhaps the craziest of all.
Clearly Gone Girl is clever and devious.  It has you thinking you know what is going on, then changes everything.  It even makes you speculate what will happen in the future for the characters!
It's a phenomenon that an author can write a commercial thriller with literature level prose.  Flynn has created this novel with the powerful magnet that places the reader in the mindset of the characters and we face our darker side.  For those that loved Gone Girl this acceptance is closer to awareness than the reviewers who hated it. Those are the individuals in denial.  Flynn is illustrating the twisted combustion of Amy and Nick whose darker side is closer to the surface, and she illustrates that Rand, Marybeth and Go have buried their evil by supporting them. I could elaborate on the plot, subplot, story line and theme, but 4,000 plus reviews detail this quite well. My only annoyance with Gone Girl is several times Flynn addresses the reader on proper grammar.  (Nick and me) then she writes yes, that's proper to show us she intentionally wrote it that way, while assuring those that have always held to the belief that it should be Nick and I. She does this so we know she's aware that she's not committing a grammatical error: a trivial point, but a little distracting. .Gone Girl has become a part of my psyche and I will volley the consequence for quite some time questioning if that's a good thing. That's how it's done, darlin'.
This novel had received a lot positive and interesting reviews from other readers, so I had to see for myself.  Sometimes, I can read the reviews and totally disagree with them once I have read the book.  In this case, I have to say that the book lived up to the reviews and kept me interested throughout.  I actually read the book in less than twenty-four hours because I simply could not put it down.That being said, I was left wanting more in the end.  I will not go into specifics so as not spoil the ending for other readers.  However, I wanted a finite resolution at the end of the book.  I completely understand why the author ended it at that point in the story, to leave readers wondering, wanting retribution, but I wanted to see the aftermath play out a little bit more.  I'm not one to check the page numbers on my Kindle, so when I read the last sentence, and flipped the page, I felt a bit like ""What? That's it?"".Overall, I loved the book and the author did a fantastic job of plotting the novel and developing the characters.  I would most definitely recommend this book to anyone who loves great mystery and suspense novels.  To the author:  there must be a sequel!
Plot twists at every turn! You're on his side, you're on her side, you don't know what to expect! A definite page turner. Very well written and I plan to read every book by this author!
This book was a great read but it was also very disturbing....I would only recommend this book to those who truly love to read!! It isn't a book to take lightly or if you are a reader that can take it or leave it.  Very well written!!
Wow talk about a thriller! I had heard so much about this book so I'm glad that it didn't fail to disappoint. It was a great read and I couldn't put it down. Can't wait for the movie.
I loved the writing, I loved the story itself. I've heard a lot of critique about the end of the story, but in reality if you put yourself in the husband's shoes...what would YOU do?
I loved this book! I couldn't guess a single thing that happened, every time I thought I knew where it was headed I was blindsided by something new happening. I couldn't put it down.
This book blew me away. I sincerely hope that I never run into anyone like the antagonist in this book. The haunting thing is that nothing is far fetched. These people walk among us.
When I first started reading Gone Girl, I almost stopped after discovering it is a dual narrative. To put this in perspective, the last book I had finished was Allegiant, of the Divergent series, and had it been an actual paper book I was reading rather than the kindle app on my iPad, I would have set it on fire. It was the worst experience I've ever had as far as books go, and a large part of that was due to the dual narrative.I am so glad I didn't stop reading because let me tell you, HOMEGIRL ROCKED THE DUAL NARRATIVE.It was like an illness. I COULD NOT STOP. I kid you not, I called in sick for work one day because I reached an especially exciting point in the book the night before, and couldn't bear waiting another 8 hours before continuing.And then I thought I would crap myself once the second part started.And then the third part started and I was just slack-jawed at the insanity exhibited by these two.It's a horrifying tale of ""if I can't have you nobody can"" wrapped up with some soul-crushing dependence, all told through a who-dun-it type of story. I will read this again and again, that is for dang sure.
20 year old college male writing here just to keep the perspective clear here.I hadn't heard about the book really until the movie was released, and I heard the movie was pretty good, so I decided to pick up the book knowing that 9 times outta 10 it's always better. This one of the first books I've read for pleasure in quite a while and I'd say it's set some high standards for the next one.I won't give too much away but the premise is that a wife is disappeared or murdered on her 5 year anniversary and all signs point to her husband as the prime suspect. A classic thriller premise but with a refreshing view point on it.About the actual book: I really enjoyed this book because it really feels real, the characters and their personalities feel very authentic, not just characters in a book. It also has a really dark level of humor to it that I absolutely loved. Once I got through that awkward opening stage of getting into any book, I was hooked and couldn't put it down, read the whole thing in a week amidst being both a full time student and worker. Definitely believe the great reviews and praise the book is getting, it's worth it.
When I think about it, the plot is no different from the movies or tv shows or other books I've seen and  read.  But the author has a purely genius way of crafting the story you don't want to put the book down.  Cliche as this may be, but it is really a page turner. One minute, you're siding with one lead character, and after a few chapters, you swing to the other side.  And finally, you don't know whose side you shoulld be empathizing with.  And the last part, ooh the ending, you'd be ""forced"" to think if that""s how you want it to end.I hardly get affected after I read a particular novel.  But this one, got me all worked up.  I've seen many reviews and there's a myriad of feelings on how it ended. Some were too angry and too emotional.  My highschool teacher said, literature is suspension of disbelief.  If you were too caught up with the book, it felt so real and brought a lot of varied emotions, it's a good read.  That was exactly how I felt when i was reading this, and days after that (I can't get over it!  haha) The writer flirts  with words,  her characters' thoughts are provoking -- simply superb!  This book is worth every penny!
The marital psychodrama thriller is not a new genre but has received a terrific, modern shot in the arm with Gone Girl.  The plot is twisty and fun, leading to the can't-put-it-down factor.  What I loved even more was the insight into the difficult terrain of male-female attraction and relationships in general.  The theory: Every man longs to find and marry a ""cool girl.""  Cool girls are not only beautiful size 2's but love cars, sports, and hunting.  They are endlessly patient, undemanding, forgiving, and ready for adventurous sex at all times.  ""Cool girls,"" by that definition, do not exist, but many an American woman pretends to be one long enough to snare the right husband.  This may sound anachronistic, but its ring of truth resonates, despite the unreliability of the character who delivers the message.So does this mean Gone Girl is a book that only chicks will like?  No; all the relationship stuff is delivered with loads of wit, and the author doesn't take sides.What does all this social psychology have to do with a murder mystery?  Read Gone Girl and find out.  You'll have a great time.
Gone Girl"" was absolutely brilliant from start to unbelievable finish. Until now Edward Albee's George and Martha  (Whose afraid of Virginia Woolf?) were probably the epitome of toxic couples in fiction.  Not any longer.Amy and Nick are celebrating their 5th wedding Anniversary in Carthage Missouri.  (Ironically the University where George was a professor of History). The only problem with this scenario is that Amy is missing, it appears that Nick may have had something to do with her disappearance, and the police suspect foul play.  Nick and Amy's disintegrating marriage is explored in alternating chapters.  Nick's POV is written in the present while we learn about Amy from her diary.  Just when you think you know where this book is heading it veers in a direction that was totally unpredictable.There are so many topics for book clubs to discuss you could probably spend three weeks and not scratch the surface. (The media's role in manipulating the public's view on a  defendants guilt or innocence, the games people need to play in order to feel worthy of love).  The secondary characters were so well written they could warrant their own books.  Equal parts psychological thriller and social satire the Dunne's emotional dependance upon each other gives new meaning to the words ""until death do us part"".If you read one book this summer - this is the one.
This is the first book I have read by Gillian Flynn.  I saw her interviewed this past spring, made a mental note of her book, but didn't get it until I saw that it was at the top of the Most Read books in our own city of Bellingham, WA.  (This intrigued me because we have avid readers out here--but usually they're a tad behind the trends back East--but not in this case.)  From the moment you open the book, you might as well postpone the rest of your To Do list until you finish it.  I found myself thinking about its twists and turns during the reluctant times I had to put it down before I was finished.  Walking the dogs, I would furnish different plot lines in my mind and couldn't wait to see if I was to be proved correct.  I have read a great many thrillers with a lot of twists, but jaded as I am--usually able to figure things out--Flynn had me right to the end.  And even if I had figured it out, her writing style is so bewitching, I would have stayed with it anyway, just to hear her tell the story.  I have already told several of my friends to be sure to pick up a copy.  Unexpectedly great read.
I can highly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a good book. This book is not only a love story and extremely twisted but it keeps you on your toes throughout the whole book. I've never read a book that flipped every preconceived notion I had of the characters throughout the whole book. I couldn't even put the book down because I grew to love these characters and always needed to know what was going on. I don't want to give too much away but man, these book toys with your emotions and always leaves you wondering if they will be okay and the mystery will be solved. I also found this book relatable because it talks about making sacrifices for the ones we love and some traits women don't always like to admit to but we all have. In the beginning, you aren't sure exactly what the plot is but when it happens, boy are you blown away. Then when it is solved, plan on canceling all your plans to finish the book because there is no way you can put it down after you finally know what has happened. I think Gillian Flynn is genius and I am so looking forward to reading more of her novels.
Ok, I have to admit I am not a huge Gillian Flynn fan.  In fact, I didn't like her novel Dark Objects very much.  But something prompted me to read Gone Girl, and I'm so glad I did.  This was one of those books that's like an addiction to something that you know is not good for you - the characters are deliberately unlikeable but you can't help reading on and on because you want to know what happens to them and what's making them tick, even though you get this unsettling feeling in your stomach while you're doing it because, heck, you just don't like these people at all.Flynn does a fabulous job of drawing in the reader, going back and forth from the husband's viewpoint and the wife's viewpoint.  And, whoa, what insights the reader gets with each of the main characters! The mystery is intriguing, but it's really the character development and psychological goings-on that are so superbly crafted that you just don't want to put the book down.  When I finished the book, my first thought was, ""Wow, SOMEbody has GOT to make a movie out of this!""Brava, Ms. Flynn!
Incredible, which refers to both the novel, and some of the reviews I've read.  Ms. Flynn's writing style and fascinating characters had me by the end of chapter one, and I wolfed it down within three days like a starving person!  It was an incredible read, and an imaginative storyline.Having said that, I'm perplexed by the flood of negative reviews surrounding the conclusion.  Ms. Flynn's main characters are complex and highly flawed, and therefore, a neatly-wrapped, fairy-tale ending would have been - in my opinion - disingenuous, and incompatible with the story.  Without giving too much away, I found the conclusion an inevitability.I would hope that readers who haven't yet discovered this wonderful book would not be dissuaded by some of the negative reviews.  The worth of any artful pursuit is naturally subjective, and that's as it should be.  All reviews carry equal weight whether positive or negative, of course.  But I would encourage you to try it for yourself as this is a novel that inspires strong emotions - and that's a very good thing.
Love? Hate? Sometimes the two emotions intertwine as one.  From the opening chapter, this masterfully crafted story weaves you between the love/hate relationship of the tragic couple Nick and Amy.  When Amy, the perfect wife who inspired her parents' ""Amazing Amy"" stories, goes missing, her golden boy husband Nick is the prime suspect.  With every chapter, new nuggets of information emerge, building up to an incredulous ending that is oh-so-plausible in this tightly crafted story.Gone Girl plumbs the torture and mind-games of the worst relationships while luxuriating in the idyllic place where relationships are the core of our existence.  The stark difference between the two extremes finds a disturbing co-dependence with the story of Nick and Amy - your new favorite psychos that you despise but yet you can't seem to turn them away as you watch their dangerous game of wills unfold.Each and every detail in this story leads to a new revelation.  No words are wasted, and every word leads you to wanting more. A brilliant book by a talented writer!
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl I read because.... well note the 11,000plus reviews! So many people were reading it... Flynn has a stellar mind and machete wit... but depressing depressing depressing...Her characters aren't noble or inspiring...is this more real? Doubt it... I know a lot of real people who are noble and inspiring... so when a book just leaves me surprised and intrigued and ready to shout BRAVO for the writer's talent...butthere's not a character in it that I seriously care about....then the book, the books... are not for me!I find the books(I attempted to read this author's other books as well.) real downers. Lots of social and cultural critique... again, this woman as author reminds me of Dreiser in the 19c and Sinclair Lewis in the 20c....but there is something soul-deadening about these characters.Whatever is good in their lives they seem determined to miss! So I end up not caring about them very much.Brilliant writing... but characters some of the most unsympathetic I've ever read.
I had no idea how this was going to turn out...then BAM!  I didn't see that coming.  Great writing, great twists and turns, great ending.  All around GREAT book!!!
Dark Places by Gillian Flynn absolutely blew me away? Compared to that one, Sharp Objects was a disappointment, and I almost didn't pick up Gone Girl... I'm so glad I did!Nick and Amy Dunne are living in a rented house in a almost empty development.  Both have lost their jobs to the recession. They've burned through Amy's trust fund, money from the Amazing Amy books her parents based on her childhood.  And on the day of their fifth anniversary, Nick comes home to find the front door open and signs of a struggle in the living room. Amy is gone. And the husband is always the first suspect... This is one of those books that I can't say too much about without spoiling the fun.  It's a psychological thriller that will keep you turning the pages to see what happens next. Is the story plausible? That's one of the complaints I keep seeing lately in reviews of the books I've loved. No, these things couldn't happen. But no one says they did. They're fiction, intended to be an entertaining read and not a depiction of real life.
Gone Girl"" is as fun and entertaining as any book I have ever read. It is the perfect summer detour from more serious reading, while at the same time being a brilliant satirical study on the cerebral dance that is marriage.Gillian Flynn takes us on a raucous missing person ride with a fascinating and appealing unreliable narrator, while she examines the marriage of the couple at the center of the drama. The pathology of Nick and Amy Dunne's marriage is bonechilling...but I believe if every reader who is married, pays very close attention, they will probably, rather reluctantly, see at least a little bit of their own relationship within this psychological brew of a tale. Marriage is a very intricate and mysterious dance between two people...no two being alike. We all find our ways at working each other, Nick and Amy simply take it to a whole new level.This is my first Gillian Flynn book, but trust me, even though her's is not my genre of choice, I plan on reading her previous books this summer. She is a nuanced and brilliant weaver of stunning suspence, while including a fair amount of pop culture. Lovers of one of my all time favorite HBO shows, ""6 Feet Under"", will recognize an especially compelling ""borrowed"" piece and HLN's Nancy Grace receives quite a nod as well.I have to agree with a previous poster who recommended that you skip reading too many reviews of this one before you dive in...you do not want even a hint of a spoiler for this one. Also, disregard everyone who criticizes the ending...it is delicious... This book is a summer treat...INGULGE AND ENJOY...
This is a very well written book. The author is amazing and has a way of drawing you in. Some may find the beginning a little bit slow, but not for long. The ending is definitely a crazy and fascinating twist, and personally I loved the whole thing. Many people say they didn't like the way things ended but personally, it worked out exactly the way I was hoping it would but didn't expect it to. I ended up working backward and reading this book first, and then going back and reading her second and then first book because I enjoyed her style so much. Coincidentally that happens to be the order in which I prefer them, this being her best book in my opinion. Sharp Objects was very interesting but the ending was a little predictable, and Dark Places was slow at the beginning but ended with an amazing bang. I've definitely recommended this book to my friends, who also love it and are now reading her other novels. She's very gritty and detailed, and has a way of surprising you with little things even when you think you know it all!
The story kept me guessing throughout and I was still surprised by the end.  A real thriller. One that makes you want to see what happens in the next 5 years.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is phenomenal. I had already downloaded this book when a friend of friend was talking about how good it is. I was afraid that she might have spoiled it for me when she said, ""you don't know if the husband killed her or not."" But that's really just the plot of the book.On the morning of Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth anniversary, Amy disappears and Nick is automatically a suspect. The whole first part of the book you don't know if he killed her. And I spent the whole time going back and forth. ""I don't think he killed her."" ""He definitely killed her."" ""No, he's probably innocent."" ""Well, maybe he did kill her."" I'm not kidding.Get ready for a few jaw-drop worthy surprises throughout the book, and be prepared to have trouble putting it down. I read every night until I was just too tired to go on. If you like mystery books, or even just well written books, I highly recommend Gone Girl. I wasn't a huge fan of the ending, but the journey to the end is well worth it.
I was very hesitant on starting this book since it was based of an marriage relationship gone wrong, since I am more of a mystery thrillers fan. But this book surprised me page after page. Gillian flynn's writing has an absolute new take on how a individual could think about their life partner, so much as that makes you feel a chill running down your spine. In the middle before i reached part two of the book, I didn't know if I should empathize or sympathize with the narrator. Since both the characters take turns on every chapter to have their very own personal view on marriage (which I loved), Gillian knew how to play with her words and form her own visions of dramatization.Since everyone had given their own personal synopsis on the story I wouldn't dwell on it much.It is a dark thriller which makes us question who do we really know in our lives?Can any of us be the true self and not a facade of personalities we try to pretend? Go for it if you like any sort of Dark mysteries.
Excellent page turner,Gotta love a psychopath!Wonderfully written characters make this a riveting read.  You are waiting for what evil twist will come next ... what will unravel ... what will trip the evil bitch up.The plotline isn't that typical one of conflict/resolution building to a crescendo.  Instead we are teasingly dripfed the revelations through alternating points of view ... but were this has been done before, in Gone Girl the twists and turns are constant and you are kept off kilter not knowing how things will develop.  It runs from intriguing (can't take your eyes of the car wreck of a marriage) to fascinating (like a mongoose fighting a cobra) to horrific (that car wreck just turned into a highway pileup of enormous proportion!).  And the ending is a sucker punch!  Takes your breath away.  Loved it ... so unconventional!The language was witty and erudite, characters are uncomfortably believable and it was a darkly suspenseful novel.
Gone Girl"" has averaged 27 Amazon reviews a day since released in late March 2012. That's over 10,200 as of this moment and 24 yesterday, April 27. That means mine will be visible for about 6 hours so I'll keep my review brief.I read this book strictly because I had not seen a book with this many comments except for ""Hunger Games"" which does not interest me. I chose not to read any reviews ahead of time but did notice that it's roughly coming in at 3.75 stars which I think is good considering the number of contrarians on Amazon that look to counter any trend.My take? I enjoyed it. The story has many interesting twists. The marriage conflicts have more than a ring of truth and at times are uncomfortably realistic. It's just hyper real and witty enough to make it more interesting and smart than real life while clearly being grounded in 2012 America. I found myself easily immersed, sometimes laughing, often troubled and only occasionally predicting what lay ahead.
I have been waiting forever for this book to be published. Flynn is easily one of my favorite novelists and I have been obsessed with her work since ""Sharp Objects"". I flew through this in a day, and although I wasn't sure how I felt about the ending at first, as I look back, I feel that it was the right one.I also feel like she has a way with her writing of seeing right through the good and dark parts of the psyche. I am someone who watches a lot of Dateline and 48 Hours because these things intrigue me, this book held the same effect and really is a wonderfully, dark twisted tale.If you have never read her, and you like thrillers, she is for you. If you are the type that reads Jennifer McMahon (sp)books and flys through them only to be down right mad at the ending, I assure you, you will find in Gillian what McMahon lacks. There is the same feeling of crazy storytelling, but in Flynn's books, it's mixed with a trained novelists eye and talent for plot writing.
I am a reader who used to love mysteries but find myself bored with almost all of them now (same old...same old). ""Gone Girl"" was fresh and totally fun. This murder mystery did combine a who-dunnit with a fascinating relationship story. There are alternating narrators each chapter - Nick, the husband of the woman-gone-missing, and Amy, the missing wife. Amy's narration is done through diary entries written over the course of their relationship. There are so many details that made this unique for me. I liked that Amy's parents were famous for writing a series of kid books, Amazing Amy, based on an idealized version of their daughter. I like Nick's relationship with his twin sister. There are lots of things that made this novel fresh and fun. There are twists and turns as the novel turns blacker. One detail about the end did not sit right with me, but I won't be a spoiler and specify that. Overall, I have not enjoyed a mystery this much since the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series
Nick and Amy seemed to be the perfect match. So there seemed to be a lot to celebrate on their fifth anniversary. Both of them are making the usual preparations for their celebration. But on that special day, Amy is missing. In their home, there are signs of a struggle. What happened? Nick seems strangely passive as the police investigate. Did he have something to do with her disappearance?Wow! This book is one I guarantee you will not be able to figure out! Twists and turns abound in this exciting mystery. Well-developed characters and graphic settings lend this tale an effective stage for all the action.Written in alternating chapters with Nick narrating one chapter and Amy the next, we are allowed a glimpse into the thoughts of our two main characters. In this way can see two aspects of their reality. In this story, this is necessary, and it certainly packs a wallop!If you want something different and exciting, this is the book for you!
I'm not a big reader of mystery and crime thrillers, but if this book is in any way indicative of the genre, I should probably start. I thoroughly enjoyed this story. A : Nick is an out-of-work writer who was forced to move out of NYC with his wife to open a bar at his hometown. When his wife goes missing, he becomes the center of a high-publicity murder investigation, where he seems to be the primary suspect, and he has to solve the mystery of his wife's disappearance. Although perhaps a bit formulaic, the story was fantastically executed. The primary characters are interesting and mysterious, which is a delightful feat when the story is told entirely in first person. Flynn also makes a fantastic commentary on the effect of the internet on publishing and the media blitz that often accompanies high-profile criminal cases. Through out the story, you want to find out how these people work, and what's driving them. And the ending is absolutely haunting.
How do you review a book such as this without giving too much away? Well, let's start with the basics.It is the morning of Nick and Amy's 5th wedding anniversary. Nick gets up, and heads out to the bar he co-owns with his twin sister, Margo, known to everyone as ""GO"". Several hours later, Nick gets a call from his neighbor that his front door is open and his indoor cat is outside. Nick goes home to find Amy gone. He sees what could be considered signs of a struggle and calls the police.Now, with most stories of this type, the spouse is always the first suspect, so I expected at some point the investigation would turn to Nick. It did seem that everyone around him was fully supportive. Amy's parents, the police, his sister.  I found myself liking Nick in the beginning and hoped there was some other explanation for Amy's disappearance.I immediately started speculating about how it would all turn out. Did Nick kill Amy? Was she even dead? Would it  turn out that someone else was involved? Would Amy  be found, and if so, how would it affect the relationship between her and Nick. Would I piece it all together and know who the real ""villain"" was? I thought so. I WAS WRONG. So very, very wrong.I really should have known better. I have read Gillian Flynn's previous 2 novels and I know how dark they can be. But Gone Girl wasn't just dark. It was REALLY DARK. I mean REALLY, REALLY DARK. Some other words I would use to describe it are twisted, crazy and even scary.The novel is told partly from Nick's point of view and also through Amy's diary entries, so you are aware of Nick's thoughts as well as get an idea of who Amy is. Nick is an admitted liar,Amy has some issues of her own and that is only the beginning.  It becomes clear this was not a perfect marriage. It was not even a typical marriage. I am afraid to say much more without spoiling it for those who have not read it. I don't mind spoilers at times, but I will say that if I knew anymore than I did about this novel before reading it, it would have completely ruined the experience. I don't think I would ever have guessed that half way through I would be throwing the book in the air and saying out loud ""NO F-ING WAY"". I will say Ms Flynn had me from casually reading a few pages a day to staying up all night trying to finish this book. If you are a fan of her work, you need to read this. If you are not, you will be after you do. I just can't wait to see what she has in store for us in the future.
OMGBy 20% you might think""Hey that person didn't do it.""But then stuff keeps piling up to prove you wrong.Then 50% though you like holy carpI you were like me you shoutI just knew itBut I didn't realize that while I was rightI had no Dam idea how epic the reason why I was right.Then as things progress it just continuously addsSo the epic gets more epic.The last page hits you twice hard. The last sentence will both piss you off when you realize there is no next page, but you might cry with happiness once you realize that last page was the very best way to end itNOTHING like this has ever been done.This is only this author's 3rd book....my 1st.They will have a movie fall 2014It may be good and I will go and see it just to see how lame it is....As there is no way they can capture the scope and holy crap of this story.
Originally I hopped on this book's train for the thrill of being able to say I was reading it along with everyone else. But then something weird happened - I got hooked.The book's plot begins innocently enough (however, the few adult situations and strong language are anything but). The writing is interesting and very appealing to me. The narrators are writers and it is peppered with their inner thoughts. It doesn't read like a 3rd person talking at you from somewhere far away.Once I got to the Part II, there was a switch flipped and everything I thought I knew about how the story would go took a 180 twist. From then on all I wanted to do was read to find out what was going to happen next. The only thing I was disappointed about was that it ended.I will absolutely read more of Gillian Flynn's work. This particular book was the first GREAT read I've had since...well, a very long time!
From the very beginning Gone Girl keeps you on your toes and constantly has twists and turns that always makes you thirsty for more. If I had the time, i would have read this whole book in one sitting. We are led to believe one thing in book 1, then by book 2 we realize everything we know is a lie. By book 2 Nick is our protagonist and I was rooting for him and this is one of those books where you are squirming reading such horrific scenes because you learn to root for the characters, and are dying to hear that justice is served and everything works out in the end and the antagonist gets what they deserved. I hate to say I did not get the justice I would have liked to see at the end. But, I hate to say it fit for Nick's characterization.The writing was very well-written, very witty, which caught me laughing out loud at several times, and fuming at others. A great read that I will recommend to anyone.
I just finished Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn and found it to be an enjoyable read with plot twists that kept me turning the page late into the night. I had a hard time putting this book down and doing my chores, errands or even sleeping for a few nights! This is my first novel by this author and I will be buying her previous novels. I found the book to be well written, intense, and packed with the love, hate and upheaval that can happen between 2 people when they spend their lives together. Was there cruelty? Was there spite? Was there laughter? Were there tears? Was it human? Was it inhuman? Yes! And it was very frightening, the lengths they went to in order to hurt one another. But finally, a book I could read without predicting every twist and turn and feeling sure of the ending. Thank you for that! As for the ending of this story (no spoiler here), many people were disappointed. I found it perfect.
This is one of the few books to ever genuinely surprise me. I've read many horror, mystery, thriller books, and while the author had ""twists"" in it, nothing comes close to this book. I laughed out loud at many parts, but more importantly to me, I gasped out loud. I don't want to give anything away, but I'm disturbed by the fact that I actually liked Amy and Nick together, and after I finished the book, my brain was still processing what I had just read, and all I could do was laugh. The author does a great job of giving both sides (Amy and Nick 's) without leaning in favor of one character over the other. I would recommend this book to anyone in a healthy marriage, I would advise caution to everyone else...just kidding. Well, sort of. (Haha). If you like mystery and/or thrillers, this is a great read. Nothing gory, just mentally disturbing. Well written. Enjoyable despite its controversial topics.
I read so many books and see so many TV shows and movies, that I can almost always figure out ""who done it"" in the first five minutes or the first 50 pages. That was not true with Gone Girl. It is the best written and best plotted book Ive read in a long time. Gillian Flynn has an amazing ability to get inside her characters minds and describe in great descriptive detail what they are thinking and feeling. I told a friend ""I have never written a book, but if I had, I would want it to be as good as this one"". I have given Kindle editions and hard cover copies to five of my friends. Some were male, some were female and their ages varied greatly. All of them without exception raved about Gone Girl. Honestly, do yourself a favor and buy this book. I think you will soon be buying more copies as gifts. I am deliberately not saying anything about the plot because to do so would deter from your enjoyment.
I really enjoyed reading this book; it kept me guessing the whole time.Awesome.  I didn't want to put the book down once I started .
Keeps you reading to find out what happens next, with a psychological tone throughout it that I love. Flynn has a way of showing the characters experiences, damages, and intent behind their actions. She leaves you relating with the worst of people in an uncomfortable, wonderful way. A lot of the negative reviews are about the nasty/dark characters, so I guess I would say don't read this if you are looking for a book where you can pretend to relate to the perfect perky main character? Flynn's books have characters who's darkness has taken over them; people uncomfortable with their own bit of darkness generally don't like to read a book where it's teased out. Another point on the negative reviews was the ending. Little bit of a spoiler: dont read this book if to enjoy it you'll need the 'bad guy' to get his comeuppance. Not happening. This book is edgy and genius and I encourage you to read it.
I love this story, it's construction, and it's execution. The entire time you're reading it you know the two paths that are possible, but the author keeps you interested in finding out which path is the actual path and how the story unfolds along that path. She also avoids giving the reader closure, which is much more intriguing than a clear-cut ending. I know that many readers are upset by not getting their closure, but this isn't Disney. I also love the author's dark side - she sounds as though she had a good family and a very 'undark' upbringing, but she is keenly attuned to the darkness in people, which I do not expect from someone who had a good family. Maybe I'm naive, or maybe this author is a keen study of people, and/or maybe she gets her homework done. All I can say is kudos to her. Add me to the list of her many admirers. I look forward to reading more from Ms. Flynn.
I could not put this book down for a second. It's, well, to borrow Flynn's prose, WICKED GOOD AND AMAZING. Her writing style is streamlined for maximum pleasure and speed. Her voice is edgy, modern - totally NOW. She doesn't completely buy into every grammar rule and her almost-neologisms are spot on wit and fun. This book made me actually experience the emotions of the characters. At various times I was laughing out loud, totally turned-on, or mercilessly edgy and nervous. The character development is as precise as if Flynn were a PhD in abnormal psychology and she captures the interplay between two damaged people in a relationship no better than if she'd lived it herself. The plot is so damn evil it's positively delicious even if a bit far-fetched. Truly an intense read from first word to last. Will escape you from your own troubles for sure - if only, like me, for one night.
I had read Gillian Flynn's previous novel ""Dark Places"" and enjoyed it quite a bit. But in her latest book ""Gone Girl"", she definitely takes her craft up a notch. It is simply one of the best books I've read in a while, certainly the best this year.It remains amazing how Flynn came make you care or at least be interested in what happens to her regularly unlikeable characters.  In short, make the unlikeable, likeable.  The novel contains the requisite great mystery and twists that make it a jaw dropping page-turner but what continues to set Flynn apart from other mystery-crime authors of the day is her wonderful prose and character introspection.  She delves into not only the how but also the why.  The book is as much a mystery as a study on relationships and society mores.  I would definitely recommend this book to everyone even if its not your usual genre.
this is a compelling thriller, I enjoyed the characters and a fantastic plot. I love stories that make you think what if it was you.
I need more than 5 stars and a better word than ""brilliant.""This book sucked me in and held me to a point where sometimes it was hard to take, but I still couldn't shake loose of it.  I woke up in the middle of the NIGHT needing to read this book!  And yet, there wasn't a single likable character.  Unbelievable!However, there IS no ""happily ever after,"" no resolution that will make you feel good.  Fortunately, I don't need that, just good writing.Ms. Flynn's observation into human nature and the nature of relationships is biting, true, and really painful.  The planning that must have gone into all the plot twists leaves me in awe.I will be thinking about this one for a while.  I look forward to reading her other books, but I think I need to recuperate from this one first!!Bravo, Ms. Flynn!
What a great book, keeps you on the edge. Could not believe the ending but go my goodness. Can't wait to read more by this Arthur.
Best.psychological.thriller.ever!I'm normally very articulate, detailed and pragmatic in my book reviews, or I try to be.  However, there is no summary of plots, sub categories or analyzing of characters that will prepare you for the sociopath that these pages hide away for so long.What I can offer is this; just when you're sure you know what's going on, what is coming next, you're wrong. BOOM- another bombshell, CRACK- another twist, WHAM- another surprise. By the end you will feel drained, gutted and exhausted trying to keep up.But what makes this a five star read? I laughed, I literally laughed out loud often and earnestly A LOT throughout the first half of this book then sat slack jawed the entire second half, violently scrolling my finger along my tablet to turn the digital page.Just amazing.
Gone Girl is the most fun I have had with a new book in many years.  Have to think when I have enjoyed and looked forward to the ""next chapter""  or should I say the next click?  I am reading on a Kindle right now.  A terrible confession since I am a retired English teacher of the old-fashioned kind.  Would it spoil anything to say it's such delightful stream-of-conscious, play-by-play, action?  The best clear-cut, no unnecessary verbosity, capturing the personality and mind set of each character, well distinguished one from the other. Lots of surprises, (not distracting) but ones you can't wait for the character to find out (because you already know!). Oh, the fun of it.  But this is not for the feint at heart.  No, not for a second.  Well thought out plot to the very end.That's all I'll tell you.  You have to read it for yourself.
Holy cow!Writing a review for this book without giving anything away will be tricky so this may be a shorter review.Nick and Amy are just hours away from celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary when Nick, still at work, gets a call from his neighbor that his cat is outside.  When Nick arrives home, he finds that not only is his cat outside but that his front door is wide open and his wife is missing.The police arrive, a report is filed, the crime scene examined and Nick is continually repeating his innocence.  However, no matter what Nick says he still becomes the prime suspect because Amy is so very clever and not just clever but patient.The story is unimaginable and I'm now afraid of the author Gillian Flynn because for her to make up with this story is scary.Definite recommend!
A must read! Couldn't put down my kindle. Read it before the movie comes out. Ben affeck will be playing the role of the husband.
The book is full of so many twists and turns that will keep you guessing till the very end. I don't want to give spoilers but will say that the book begins with a story that could have been ripped from the headlines - a beautiful young wife has gone missing; the husband and family make a heartfelt plea for her safe return to the media; pundits start speculating that the husband is the culprit... What the book is actually about will blow your mind as that familiar story is rewritten in an intriguing and shocking way! You will see characters who are flawed, some who are relatively good, and some who are chillingly evil. Just when you think things can't get worse or nothing will surprise you farther, something will happen and you will be taken aback again at another plot twist. If you like good mystery/thrillers, then this is the book for you!
Gone Girl was an  excellent read. The first few diary entries I found a bit tedious and confusing, however, this is only a minor complaint. Written in the style of one chapter about Nick and the next about Amy, it made for very interesting reading, keeps you wanting to know what happens next to both characters.Throughtout the book your feelings for both characters change from dislike to like, back again to dislike, then feeling sorry for him or her, in the end you dont know who to dislike more, Nick or Amy!!!!  Very clever writing.An excellent read, keeps you wanting to read on, no matter what's happening around you, just to find out what happens in the next chapter and how the story ends.....but that's the worst thing about a good book.....the end.....then you have to find another good book to follow!!!
Ms. Flynn is a genius - she has a keen eye and ear and writes beautifully.  She captures the voices of her two characters perfectly, and while I usually do not care for books with alternating chapters for various characters to air perspectives, Ms. Flynn makes it work and if anything, her technique enhances the novel.She has extraordinary eye and ear for contemporary culture and captures the essence of male vs. female; Manhattan vs. Missouri; marriage vs. courtship; upper class vs. lower class; et al.She is neutrally critical as well - no NYC snobbery here - almost scientific in her perspective, she pins everyone down for close inspection by a critical eye - a social lepidopterist of the first order.And she manages to be wonderfully funny, witty, humorous.One of the best books I've read in a long time.
This book was pretty fantastic! I've read Gillian Flynn's other two novels, and I've enjoyed them. Although I don't know if ""enjoyed"" is really the right word. They are very dark, twisted and creepy. ""Gone Girl"" is no exception, but I did find it less dark than her first two, which isn't a bad thing. This book appeals more to the mainstream, but it's still pretty dark, and well-written, and okay I will use the word enjoyable. I kept turning to my partner to say, I have to tell you what just happened...The story is told from two different points of view. Flynn does a wonderful job of giving unique voices to these characters. There is a big twist near the middle of the novel. It wasn't totally surprising, but it does change the pace of the story, and things pick up after that.I'm not sure how I feel about the ending. I still have to give it some thought to see how I feel about. Totally worth checking out, if you like mystery, suspense, and dark, twisted novels.
I read this book during the summer, and then my book club selected it as our September book, so I read it again!  I really intended to only hit the highlights on this second read, but I was immediately pulled back into the story and probably enjoyed it even more as I watched the twists and turns develop.  It's a ""he said, she said"" concept, with more than the usual surprises.  Both main characters have major flaws and it is hard to work up much sympathy for either one...until...A chilling ending; I can recite the last few sentences by memory and shiver every time.  If you have read ""Defending Jacob"", it is equivalent to the sentence in that book--""And then the girl disappeared.""A rollicking two-time read for me--highly recommend to fans of both mystery and personal relationship genres.
It kept my interest piqued throughout the whole book. A very  unique  presentation. I am anxious to see the movie version.
Never saw that coming. The beginning was SLOW. I stuck it out and then I couldn't put it down. I can't wait for the movie.
Chilling prose is a very apt description. The writing is terrific, the story dark and enthralling. One of the best books I've read because it has both great prose and a great plot. If, however, you're looking for a happy ending, look elsewhere. Clearly, some who have left reviews were angry they didn't get that. This is a twisted psychological tale and not intended for the faint of heart. I wouldn't advise reading plot summaries, since spoilers will truly ruin the book for you. A woman has disappeared from a troubled marriage. The story is told from her point of view and from the husband's point of view. That's all the plot I'd want to know going in. Flynn does a fantastic job of slowly revealing these complex characters and events until she leaves you breathless. Good luck putting this one down.
This book tortured me...because there really is no good ""stopping point"", which meant that the times that I read it at work and my breaks ended I was left hanging on the edge of some new, always startling discovery or plot twist. I ended up staying up all night finishing the last 45% of the book. The effect/enjoyment of reading Gone Girl is absolutely impossible to explain. While it was one of the most twisted and disturbing stories that I have ever read, it also felt very real, very believable, very ""oh my god, this is such a dose of relationship reality and that is scary!"" Gillian Flynn's portrayal of the Dunne's marriage and the decline thereof is strikingly realistic while also being out of this world nuts. I did guess partway through what had actually happened to Amy, but it had no effect whatsoever on the enjoyment I got out of the rest of the story, and there were so many elements that I could never in a million years have guessed that completely made up for that tiny bit of letdown. This book is utterly absorbing, thrilling and absolutely BRILLIANT! What I wouldn't give to see into Gillian Flynn's mind..and then get back out quickly!
I could barely keep myself away from this book.  I was up at all hours of the night reading this, dying to know what happens next.  I had no idea it was a ""crime novel,"" so to speak.  But it is so much more than that.  In fact, had I thought it was a crime novel at the outset, I might have never picked it up).  To begin with, it's exceptionally well-written, with well-defined characters, and thought provoking insight into the Venus/Mars relationship between the genders.  This author understands people and relationships and human nature.  The ending was not what I necessarily wanted, but it is in keeping with the characters.  I absolutely loved it and immediately recommended it to friends.  I hear they are making a movie and intend to change the ending.  Interesting.  READ IT!!
wow, amazing read! but then again i'm not surprised, i loved both of her other books too, even though they didn't get the buzz this one did! i've been a gillian flynn fan from the start and this book just goes to show i wasn't wrong! i feel like i can't say too much without giving things away but i was absolutely blown away by parts of this book! as the story goes on it just keeps getting better and darker and is really just ingenious!! i loved the back and forth of the way it was written chapter to chapter and section to section, it made me never want to put it down! every time i got to the end of a chapter i thought to myself well now i have to know what the other side is and you just keep on turning pages until sadly there are no more left to turn! a HUGE RECOMMEND on this one!!
I love this book. It's definitely going in my ""favorites"" list. It's a page-turner and I couldn't put it down. I also didn't want it to end. It's one of those books I just wanted to live in. I wanted to read and read and read and never stop.I found the ending a tad anti-climactic though. Not sure exactly what I was hoping for or looking for, but it didn't surprise or shock, it didn't leave me sitting there with my mouth open, unable to believe THAT happened. Some books, when they end, I just sit there staring at the closed cover. I can't believe how it ended, how the author could pull everything together in a way that leaves me amazed. Didn't happen here.Still a great book though, a solid and exciting story. Love it and I will definitely recommend it.
I read Gone Girl knowing little of the author or the success of the book. Like others, I was pulled in immediately and was set up expertly for each twist and turn of plot. I was intrigued by Flynn's ability to intertwine so beautifully the relationship between the two main characters with the thriller storyline. I was a little disappointed when in the second half of the book the thriller line became a little more prominent, but only because she had done such a masterful job to that point. The false notes were few and far between, and not enough to disturb the compelling flow of events. At the end I loved and reviled both Amy and her husband, a marvelous place for the author to leave the reader. A natural for a sequel, but I trust the author will leave the story where it is.
Every time you think you have it figured out...you don't. This book is very hard to put down....excellent read. Enjoy!
I read this book because I had seen it listed on the NY Times Bestsellers list for weeks on end--I figured it had to be worth it. It was.Each chapter changes back and forth from Nick's POV to Amy's diary entries (dating back years, and eventually becoming something else entirely).Amy goes missing on her and hubby's (Nick) 5th (I think) anniversary...you get the feeling that something is off, but cannot put your finger on it. When you get to Part 2, your mind will be blown. As for the ending...I have read a few reviews that it was underwhelming, but I found it to be right in line with the characters personalities and I think most people can draw their own conclusions.I highly recommend this book! So good, I had it done in a weekend.
If you're a lover of ""who done it"" books, you'll love this one all the way to the end!  Guess who did it??!!!
Down to the last page. FLYNN gets how entangled love and death and sex and power...can be. Especially in a marriage.
I didn't know what I was getting myself into when I started reading this book. A friend recommended it, and I didn't believe that it was going to be nearly as intricate or complicated to begin with.The characters are complex and well written. The story is hard to put down. It leaves you feeling sympathetic for both of the main characters at different times. It is also a little baffling to think of the forethought needed to make it all work. Overall, I truly enjoyed the novel and all of the twists and turns. The only disappointment is the way the book ended. That is not to say that it was bad, by any means, and it totally fits the story to a T. However, I am always satisfied when justice is served as closure, and that does not ring true for this story.
Gone Girl"" by Gillian Flynn is a sinister and wickedly clever novel that captures your attention from the start and keeps you hanging on until the end. Seeing both perspectives of husband and wife is a brilliant way to tell the story, throughout most of the story the reader is left utterly confused about both main characters personalities and ""who they really are."" I often asked myself, ""Should I trust this character?"" There are many twists and turns in this novel that jump out at you, right as you think you may have some information pieced together you get hit with a plot twist. This is definitely a recommended read. Be warned, once you pick this book up and dive into the world of ""Gone Girl"" you will not be able to leave.
Gone Girl"" was delivered to me in great condition - basically new! Not a page dogeared, not a stain nor smudge. The seller upheld every portion of their delivery promise and because of that, it made reading the novel extremely enjoyable.The plot twists, the amazing description and development of characters made this book one of the better I've read in the last three years. Amy Dunne is an amazing character achievement in literature and I am confident she will go down as such in the future. Cunning, manipulative, and sexy - what's not to love?I would absolutely purchase more merchandise from this seller and would recommend ""Gone Girl"" for anyone looking to caught all-too-caught-up in a stylish, mysterious thriller.
This book grabbed me from the beginning and, except for a brief section in the first third that got a little slow, kept my attention to the end.  The characters, although flawed and somewhat wacky, were well written and quite interesting.  Some of the sections, like dealing with Amy, the missing wife's childhood, reminded me of the inaccurate opinions that can be formed when we are looking at a person or family from the outside.  Other passages, like when Amy talks about first meeting and falling in love with her husband, were so well written that I marked the passages.I have recommended this to several people and like it so much I am back on Amazon buying another copy (I read it electronically and want a hard copy).  Very highly recommended.
Brilliant story line, gripping and fast paced.  Only critism was the ending paled a little for me.  But good read.
I bought the audio version of the book per suggestion from a coworker.  At first the narration was ""meh"", kinda draggy and the voice sounded bland, but I continued because I want to see where the story was going.  Man, was I surprised!!! Once the the disappearance starts, I could not stop listening.  From liking and pitying the wife, to really love her determination and resilience, to holy crap, she is DSM V bat s*** crazy!!!The book is captivating, twisted and it plays with your emotions; it's the best read in months.  The movie is coming out later this year (Oct 2014), and the author/screenwriter is presenting an alternate ending to this ""love story"" and Rosemund Pike and Ben Affleck are playing Amy and Nick, I hope they do a good job!
Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl is a remarkable literary achievement.It draws you into the intricacies of what constitutes a troubled marriage, but in compiling a delicious ‘he said-she said’ Flynn has also brought to relief the pop idiosyncrasies that make her fiction and America such a delight. The reference to the economic bust, the ham-fisted move from New York City to Missouri, the hunky small-town hubby versus the urbane bitch, dysfunctional families on both ends – all merge to create a page-turner that will have you up until dawn.Without spoiling it for readers, if you haven’t read Gillian Flynn this is the book you ought to pick up first. And yes, I’ve downloaded Dark Places on my Kindle too and that’s equally engrossing.
What a great book. It kept me guessing the whole way through. Nothing is as what it seems in this book. Nothing
Easy to read and follow. The plot changes in mid book.  The end leaves an opening hopefully for another book.
Creepy great, that is. Keeps you guessing to the end. I think I liked the unpredictability of it all. Brrrrr.
This is one of the most well-written suspense novels I have ever read. The timing and pace are excellent, and the way Gillian Flynn lays it out is wonderful. It's difficult to give a full review without spoilers, so I will just say that you should prepare to have your mind blown. I downloaded it to my Kindle at about 9:00PM and ended up staying awake until 4:00AM to finish it. Totally worth being tired the next day! After I read this, I also purchased Dark Places: A Novel, and it was just as excellent, although much darker. Gillian Flynn is definitely a writer to check out if you enjoy suspense - I can't say enough about the way the timing of her novels plays out and everything ties together in the end. Wonderful!
Absolutely amazing book.I'm lying in bed, reading, reading, enjoying her way with words and how excellently the book is coming together.I get to the middle of the book and WOAH!Big change. Plot twist? Plot Twister/Rollercoaster/Sidewinder. And it's 2am in the freaking morning so I have to wait until tomorrow to keep going.But wait! There's more!So you have yourself all settled in. OK, got the plot now. And SKID on the brakes. What? What is happening here???? And THAT is what makes this book spooky scary and makes me wonder how many people are on death row who shouldn't be. Or marriages that aren't what they seem in a BIG way.EXCELLENT book.
“There’s something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.”Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl was chilling and disturbing, with dark notes on relationships, marriage and love. It begins on the day of Amy Elliott and Nick Dunne’s fifth anniversary where Amy has disappeared. As the police investigates all clues seem to lead to Nick, but he swears that he has nothing to do with it. Going back and forth with Nick’s narrative and Amy’s ‘past’, the novel in the first part is structured as a ‘whodunit’. But nothing is what it appears to be and I was completely drawn into it wanting to unravel the Amy’s mystery and Nick’s thoughts. ‘Gone Girl’ left me feeling a little bit cold and scared!
This was definitely a page turner and when I first started reading the book, it had some similarities to a true story case from a few years ago, but then it had it's twists and turns and became a very good psychological thriller.  The ending was certainly unexpected.  Wanted to see a satisfying resolution, but the author did a good job with all of the characters and I had a hard time putting the book down.  Found myself looking for spare time so I could get back to my reading.  I am now looking forward to seeing the movie, although the movie usually isn't as good as the book, but this might surprise me.  It will be a fast read because it grabs you from the start and you can't wait to see what happens next.
This book delivers all the suspense and surprises hoped for in a thriller. Told alternately from the perspectives of the two main characters, a married couple named Nick and Amy. Little in this book is as it first appears, but the author does a great job of making each twist seem believable and realistic. This story is an in-your-face reminder that no matter how well you know someone, you never know them completely. It's easy to see why this story has become so immensely popular. I imagine there are a whole lot more people out there these days, sneaking a glance at their partner across the room and wondering what secrets they may not know.Michael Travis Jasper, Author of the Novel ""To Be Chosen
Great summer read, or winter, fall or spring for that matter.  Amy and NIck embody the image of the self absorbed metro couples today.  Amy's perfectionism, Nick's disconnect represents our computer obsessed culture.  How well do we really know the people we are with, when we spend our day in virtual relationships.  Do we even know how to discover each other anymore? Suspenseful, yes.  Did I guess ( I don't want to give anything away), yes, did it matter- no!  Like the rest of the book, the ending was a necessary commentary on the morally bankrupt society we find ourselves in today.  Filled with cliches, I loved the twist at the end.  Did it make me uncomfortable- for sure- and that's a good book!
I'm about 75% of the way through this book, and am loving it so far. The author's writing style is very accessible but elegant to such an extent that I'll purchase her other books regardless of what they're about. As for this story, it's been totally captivating from the start and really draws you in by the way it's told from the first person perspective of two different people throughout. Not only is the main story riveting (did this guy kill his wife) but it also generates a real emotive response from me with regard to the emotional intricacies of two people who are/were in love which in turn has me drifting off and pondering the missteps and misgivings of my own past and present relationships.
I purchased this book based on a really nice review in our local paper. Sitting in a coffee shop one day with this book, a woman walked up to me and was anxious to learn how I liked it, saying that she has read every Gillian Flynn book, and thought this one was her absolute best work. While it took me a while (maybe 40 pages) to get into the book, once there I couldn't put it down. I told my husband that he needed to read it (not really his ""type"" of book - I worried that he might think of it as chick lit) he had the same reaction. ""These are scary people!"" he commented. If you are looking for a real page turner that might have you glancing at your spouse in a different way, this is it!
I read a lot of reviews before ordering this book for my Kindle.  Initially, I didn't want to read it because half of the reviewers hated it.  They complained about the way it ends.  Having strongly disliked the end of Defending Jacob, I was guarded about this one.  I liked this book, however.  I don't know of any other way Flynn could have ended it satisfactorily.  I didn't predict the end (as I usually do) and felt it suited the characters.One thing that caused me to be unwilling to suspend disbelief was the interaction  between the wife and the couple she met at the motel.  No way would this woman let her guard down like that.  I just couldn't buy that part of the story.
Rest assured, I'm not into spoiler alerts, commenting on endings, or mentioning plot twists: I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The last thriller/suspense novel I read was most likely a John Grisham which tells you just how long it's been.  I forgot how much I enjoyed them, and Gillian Flynn's best seller is no exception. Flynn does a good job fully fleshing out her main characters, while delivering husband and wife, Nick and Amy's, separate and unique points of view. I was a bit smug early on in thinking I knew where the author was heading. I was so piqued by the one-upmanship of this sick duo that I literally raced through the novel's second half. Looking forward to the film release.
Absolutely loved this book!  Every time I was doing something else, I wished I was reading instead.  So many great twists throughout the entire thing and I loved how the story alternated between Nick and Amy's viewpoints.  I had initially downloaded the sample to my kindle, read a few pages, then decided it was a little too dark for me to read on my honeymoon since it opens with a fairly new married couple who are obviously not doing well in their relationship.  However, a few weeks later a friend of mine told me she thought I would really like it so I decided to read on further.  She was right.  Fantastic twists, great format for the story, wonderful writing.  Such a great book.
In the early chapters, I viewed the main characters as a couple of young New Yorkers whom I'd love to get to know: confident, funny, committed, loving, generous, and a little goofy. About the middle of the book I was thinking, ""Oh dear, something is really not right with this relationship."" During the final chapters, I was compelled to continue reading without pausing for potty breaks, all the while whispering, ""Oh, s___"" under my breath. And that's not even mentioning the evolution of the OTHER characters in the book!The writing in this book is sharp, clear, and draws a series of eyebrow-raising senarios that move back and forth as the story progresses. I loved it!
From front to back, this book was superb! Could not put it down until I finished. Hoping for a sequel.
My daughter recommend this book to me to read, at 1st I didn't know if I was going to like it or not, actually I even though putting it down because I was getting a bit bored with it, but I kept hearing my daughter in my head saying ""Mom keep reading it get better"", so to stop my beloved daughter screaming in my head, I kept reading and I happy I did, because WOW!! It was that good, couldn't put my Kindle down..Full of suspense, disturbed and downright nasty...I didn't know who was good or bad or pure evil...This book is that good, had me on the edge of my seat, I was a bit anxious reading it..I highly recommend this book..My 1st book from Ms. Flynn and I am hook..
I loved this book because it is so far out there in the zone.  You know about people and different types of personalities, but you just are in awe of them when you actually see it unfold.  Also as you get towards the end you start saying to yourself,""There are really people out there that are really like this."" Maybe to various degrees, but they are out there.  I've ran into a few of them over the years myself.  I can't get away from them fast enough. This book is a psychological study of each of the characters. I couldn't believe the way it twists, then twists again. You are going to be on your toes to the last page.Yes, oh yes, I definitely recommend this book.
Gone Girl is much more than just a cleverly crafted thriller. It is also a hauntingly accurate portrayal of marriage. Sometimes it is so accurate it is upsetting to read. Many readers will probably see bits of themselves in these characters and want to turn away. There are unexpected twists and gotcha moments aplenty, but the real triumph is Flynn's in depth analysis of the marriage of Nick and Amy. You learn of Amy through her diary entries; you learn of Nick through his narration. I don't read a lot of thrillers but this technique seemed original and effective. The story unfolds slowly but the tension never lags. You will be guessing and doubting until the very end!
I bought this book, then I almost didn't read it because I read about how many people hated the ending.  I didn't want to invest my time into a book that had a bad ending, or worse, no ending at all.  So, I reluctantly started reading it when my book club chose it.  Soon, I was enthralled.  And, I think the ending was perfect; I can't think of one that would be better.  Perhaps I enjoyed this book so much because I find psychopathy interesting.  I recently read Ronson's nonfiction book, The Psychopath Test, and this book was a great fictional follow-up.  Well-crafted, clever, insightful, compelling spine-tingler, this novel is original and definitely worth the time!
Well, this was an interesting book. It's hard to say much about it without spoiling the twists and turns (and other reviewers have already mentioned the plot), so I'll just say that the story really picks up in the second part, which is called ""Boy Meets Girl""; this is really the first major twist. From there the story, twists and turns all the way to a rather unusual end--or maybe I should say that the end is more typical of literary fiction, where the good and the bad are gray and people (both good and bad) don't always get what they deserve. I'm going to read this again later this year, I think, just to enjoy the construction of the story all over again.
Overall I really enjoyed the this book. I found it was a good character driven story, but found I was disappointed with the ending. It was almost like the author got to a point and just said ""that's enough"" and ended the story without tying up the loose ends in a way that did not ""fit"" with the main character ""Amy"". If she was as driven to win and punish those who ""wronged"" her, the griffters would have been tracked down and any punished.  And Mrs Collins certainly had the financial means to push for the investigation of the murder of her son...even if these loose ends were tied up in an epilogue, it would have made for a better ending ( for me anyway).
I absolutely loved this book. The characters are not only well developed but they are brand new - nothing recycled here.  The complexities of Amy's personality, the layers of detail, planning and deviousness that were required for her to execute her master plan were fascinating and surprising at every turn, the prose was clear, the language was entertaining and novel. But what struck me most was the dialogue, which was fresh, natural, and rang completely true, a rare find in my reading anyway.  I'm sorry Gillian Flynn is a relatively new author because I know I'm going to go through everything she's written and be left hungry for more.  Perfect book.
When I began reading the first half of the book, I was only partially intrigued by the story line and considered chucking it.  But I'm glad i read it through to the end because the beauty of the mystery and the very demented personalities of Nick and Amy are finally exposed in the second half.  These are two very twisted, crazy characters!  You have a hard time believing the craziness but at the some time there is still a modicum of reality to it that sucks you in even while you shake your head in amazement.I would have liked a bit more closure at the end but I'm satisfied enough with it.  I look forward to reading more from this author.
Gillian Flynn is definately owed some props on this book.  What's funny is i kept looking at her picture trying to figure out how she could come up with this plot, she just doesnt look the part.(Stephen King)  I must say i was shocked at the ending, i never saw it coming.  i like to think im a mystery wizard so i had it all worked out and i was so wrong but i dont feel like i was played, just really suprised at the twist and turn of events.  i also usually hate books that go back and forth, usually something gets lost, but not here. it was an excellent read.  i will keep this book on my shelf to re-read at later time, this is no goodwill donation.
Reading Gone Girl is like strapping yourself into a roller coaster.  The ride starts our slowly, building questions in your mind, as you learn about the characters and their history.  About half way through the roller coaster starts making twists and turns and you won't want to get off until you come to the end. Although this novel is a psychological thriller, it is very well written, smart, and modern. The themes of love, truth, and whether we can ever really know another person, make it so much more than just a thriller. It will keep you guessing.  I read Gone Girl over a 3 day period when it was raining.  I didn't miss being outside at all!
I don't usually read mysteries but was drawn in by the rave reviews and I am so glad I read this.  It's a tough read, from a psychological standpoint, but worth it, because Gillian Flynn is a wonderful writer.  Her characters are richly drawn and she writes beautifully and with humor.  But her stand out quality (at least in this book) is her ability to craft a intricate, clever plot (with twists) with virtually no holes and well-hidden clues.  Equally as impressive is her detailed and fascinating portrayal of a dysfunctional, co-dependent marriage.  I don't want to say more for fear of spoiling the book, but this is definitely worth the read.
This was a great book to just curl up with,in a quiet place.I could not believe that it ended the way that it ended.In fact,I expected a sequel.However,this author has a pool of reference that really displays the darkness of the inner mind of some.I could not wait to be so far down the list,at the library,to get this book,having heard about how terrific it was.So,I got the audio version from Amazon.com.and it worked out great,because it came,by mail,within 4-5 days,and I was taking an auto trip..fabulous to listen to this book.My daughter read the book,and told me that she could not put it down,so she stayed up,half of the night.Terrific!
I had such fun reading this book!The plot is genius, the characters are complex, the wit is sharp and original.I cheered mostly for Nick, but toward the end started to cheer as well for Amy (during her trouble with the mountain folks.)There were a few things that I had to suspend disbelief for, but that is a small sticking point for such an overall powerhouse of a novel.By the last several chapters, I was breathless. While still engaged in the narrative, I found that I just wanted it to end! I felt worn out by the twists and turns and tension. The end was disturbing, but at the same time it was PERFECT !!I enthusiastically assign 5 full stars for this exciting adventure into madness.
This book was one of the best I've read recently. I finally got out of my young adult dytopian fiction hole and, boy, was it worth it. The chapters in this book go back and forth being told from the perspective of the husband and then the wife. Each chapter reveals its own mess of secrets which build throughout the novel until you just can't take it anymore. It's an emotional roller coaster.The only small issue I had with the book was the end which I thought kind of fell a little flat. BUT at the same time, I've been thinking about it since I read those last few words. And that was three days ago. So I think it worked.[...]
I have not seen the movie, but I cannot see how it will ever do this book justice.  Even if it won an Academy Award for best picture, I am confident people would still say, ""I like the book better.""  Yep, this book is that good...How do you convey onto the big screen the ridiculously good writing?  Little gems like:""I spoke in a soft soothing voice, a voice wearing a cardigan."" - Nick""I gave, and he took and took.  He Giving Treed me out of existence."" - AmyThere were so many, I had to stop writing them down.  And I haven't even gotten to the story itself...hype well-deserved.
An excellent psychological thriller. I particularly liked reading the story in both of the main characters own words.  Amy is certainly psychotic and Nick comes across so real.. and I wanted to shake some sense into him at times!I felt like I was really living both of their stories of the events.  The story unfolded gradually and kept me mesmorised for more details after every read.  I couldn't put it down!A bit disappointed in the ending.  I would have liked to see one of the characters showing some strength without giving it away.A wonderful read.  Will hope that anything else by Gillian Flynn is as good.
I am loving this book.  I watched the movie first and loved it.  I'm not sure which came first, the movie or the book, but they are very similar.  There is very little missing from the movie that I've read in the book, which usually isn't the case.  I haven't made it to the end yet but it seems to be headed in the same direction.  The characters are so great, you find yourself sympathetic with both the husband and the wife at times and at others, you hate them both.  They are both very human, which makes them more believable.  You will be very hard pressed to beat the plot twists in this book.  Overall, an excellent read!
Zowie! The battlefield of marriage has never been more deadly than in Gillian Flynn's latest novel, GONE GIRL.  When perfect wife Amy Dunn disappears from her home under suspicious circumstances, her husband, Nick, well known around his home town as a good guy, is the main suspect.  Amid a media circus that alternatively damns and absolves Nick as the days of Amy absence count down, the story of their marriage slowly unfolds.  Told from the alternating viewpoints of husband and wife, the switchbacks and surprises never let up in this incredibly suspenseful nail-biter. If you're looking for an involving mystery that doesn't hew to bestseller mystery tropes, GONE GIRL is for you.  What a pleasure! Gillian Flynn delivers!
I must admit I was a bit disappointed at the end, but in a way, how else could it end? It was a build up through the whole book and of course you want one or another of the characters to ""win."" When in life does anything have such a neatly wrapped ending? I really enjoyed the book and it is rare for me to find such a page turner. The writing is very good, providing rich detail about the characters whether you like them or not. I feel it deserves five stars for being totally engrossing. It is interesting how many reviewers loved the book but gave it fewer stars simply because they did not like how it ends.
This book is so clever that she had me surprised until the end.  I totally disagree with reviewers who say that she didn't know how to end it.  She knew exactly how to end it -- she did not go with anything expected. The pacing of the book is fantastic and to get readers absorbed in unlikable characters says a lot about the author's craft.There's so little you can say about this book without giving something away, so I will just say that I write fiction and usually read non-fiction because there are few surprises out there.  This book is a gem. I wish I wrote it and Gillian Flynn has a fan for life.
What a bizarre, twisted, crazy book. I feel kind of guilty admitting that I really enjoyed it. Trippy comes to mind. A bad marriage where two people essentially married the fantasy and when the facade started to become transparent, the darkness came. Honestly I think the book is a satire with Flynn thinking ""how can I make this more insane"" and chuckling all the way to the bank. The story was both ridiculous and clever because it does push some buttons in real life relationships. How well do you know your significant other? I thought the story was wicked fun. I finally get what all the hype was about.
Caution!***Spoilers***First let me begin by saying I loved reading this book! I loved the plot twist... I loved how honest and real Nick is. He reminds me of someone I would know. However, I hate AMY! I hate she won, I hate ... Her.... Her... Freaking guts! She is exactly what I hoped she WOULD NOT be. Nick is an idiot. He clearly has white-knight syndrome. I mean seriously!!! Amy walks away ... Really? We need a book 2! I have to see Nick regain his independence ...he needs a happy ending!! I can't believe Amy! She's sick... In my a ""perfect"" ending... Nick and Bonney hooks up! Sails away and lives happy ever after.. Oh and Amy dies while giving birth.... karma is bit*h!
I really enjoyed this. I had been hesitating about purchasing this book because of the reviews concerning the ending. While I agree that it was not the most satisfying ending, I thought it was appropriate. It works. It was not some kind of cliffhanger, but it was not terrible.The main characters were well-developed and the supporting characters were equally lovable or ""hateable""! I found myself hating and loving and hating certain characters throughout the course of the book.If you like page turners and unexpected plot twists, you will love this book as much as I did!!! Enjoy!!!
It's all been said- over 15,000 reviews!- but I need to write this for myself. This author, this novel- clever!Gillian Flynn matches the exciting intricacy of the mystery and crime with the fascinating character details. I have been looking for a book that would make me want to snatch a minute every chance I get to read a book. I found it with Gone Girl.""So I may have gone a bit mad. I do know that framing your husband for your murder is beyond the pale of what an average woman might. But its so very necessary.""The only thing was, I was disappointed with the ending.
First, the negative. I thought the plot slid off the rails a bit at the end. Although it had a strong sense of inevitability, it was somewhat over the top and became repetitious in the last 30 pages or so. But that doesn't mean the ending dragged, it just wasn't as strong as the rest of the book.That said, it definitely gets five stars!! Why? 1) I could not put it down (took time off work to read, which I haven't done in a long time ... too long), 2) the writing is brilliant, 3) the characters leap off the page with life -- they are complex and hateful and completely understandable.I've been a fan of Gillian Flynn since Sharp Objects, and Gone Girl did not let me down.
The story starts out slow. I always finish a book I start I'm glad I did. Once you think you have it figured out it takes a turn. The book took me for a few loops when I thought I had it figured out. It's a page turning book you won't want to put down once it gets going.  You start to hate the character Nick and then your not so sure. I have never read a book quite like this. I read it for six hours straight today and finished it after a slow few weeks. I'm looking forward to the movie which I didn't know about until last week. I love reading books that become movies. Sounds cheesy I know.
Flynn has created the perfect profile of an antisocial character: bright, charming, and remorseless. In psychological terms, antisocial does not refer to someone who hates parties. It means the same thing as sociopath and psychopath--someone who manipulates or harms others for his or her gain or pleasure. Flynn has depicted these characteristics brilliantly. Speaking of manipulation, Flynn's novel is crafted so well that the readier follows her on a roller coaster ride of plots twists, turns and blind alleys that keep one guessing and turning pages right to the end. pen-and-inkblot.com
Loved this book.  One just needs to show reading diligence for the first 30% of the book but it is well worth it.  Just when you figure you know exactly how it will pan out, then wham...you get jolted into a new twist.  Note to the wise...once you get to within 100 pages to the end...allow yourselves uninterrupted reading time...you will need it.  At for the big controversy of the ending....read it for yourself to give your opinion.  For me ...it was the only way it worked! 'Dark Places' and 'Gone Girl'...all in 10 days...next is 'Sharp Objects'.  Got to get my full Gillian Flynn fix!
I read ""Sharp Objects"" by Gillian Flynn and thought I would try another one by her.  I was NOT disappointed!!  Once again, I loved her story!  So many twists and turns and you can;t stop reading!!  Many people have complained about the ending, but I didn't think it was bad.  Does every book ending have to be wrapped up with a nice little bow and a forever after?  Not the ending I expected, but that's one of the things I loved about the book; it was in no way predictable.  The end was fitting for sure!!  I would highly recommend this book.  On to another book by Gillian Flynn!!
I read this book once and had to read it again. I wanted to read it again before I saw the movie. I forgot what happened and I wanted to see if I agreed with Ben Affleck as Nick Dunne. I loved this book the second time around more than I did the first time. I absolutely wholeheartedly agree with Ben Affleck as Nick Dunne and I could picture him in the role as I read the book. I can't wait to see the movie and see what David Fincher does with this story. It is intense, nail biting, and suspenseful. You have no idea what the hell is going on until the very end. Love books like this.
I found this mystery to be the best plotted book I've read in quite some time.  I think the author did a masterful job and was very clever to keep the reader guessing what could possibly happen next.  I could not put the book down, and, though I have read it several weeks ago, I still think of Amy and Nick.  Flynn's descriptions brought all the characters to life, wherever the reading took place.  My mind's eye could seem them.  The character's lines were quite witty at times.  I have recommended this book for our book club reading and am now enjoying some of Flynn's other works.
Stayed away from this book for the longest because of reviews that pan the ending.  Now I'm curious about these reviews - the ending is a possibility given the characters in this work of fiction.  In a work of fiction the author gets to construct the characters and choose the outcome.  It is a joy to read a story that has layers and alternates perspectives - and could end in several ways.  Sorry if it didn't end the way you thought it should - perhaps that means you need to write your own book and end it the way you choose.  Should have read this book much sooner.
I normally wait till a book is not on the best seller list before downloading onto my Kindle Keyboard 3G, Free 3G + Wi-Fi, 6"" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored Screensaversbut this time I could not resist despite the fact that it was slightly above my usual $3.99.  It was definitely worth every penny.  It just proves the fact that you can just never tell from the outside what is happening in someones' marriage much less their minds. Very well written with lots of twists and turns. I will probably read more from this author.
I bought this e-book while I was on vacation and read it very quickly in just a few days because I just couldn't put it down! There were actually a couple of times that I shouted ""Oh My God"" while I was reading it because I was so stunned by the events. I wasn't crazy about the ending, but I was hungry for more, so I bought another book, Dark Places, by the same author. Again, I was pleasantly surprised by the twists and turns that the author wended through the story. I totally recommend both books to anyone who likes a story that keeps you thinking to the end.
I edited my review, even though I hated the ending, I loved the story & took hubby to see the movie as soon as it came out. He loved the movie!I'm finding it tough to give this book a rating.Pros:- Great start- Great suspense- Good twists- Didn't want to put it down for the most part.Cons:- Very unlikable characters (both main)- I felt depressed midway as it brought back bad memories of a low time in my marriage- The ending was horrible and unsatisfactory.All in all It was an interesting read and I'd recommend it to my friends.
I'm really not much for book clubs.  I tend to like the darker books.  Books not typically chosen in book clubs.  When this was chosen, I actually thought it sounded a bit interesting.  It really was.  The chapters go back and forth between characters.  Those always suck me in.  You really like where one character is heading, know you should be shutting off the lights and going to sleep, yet you plow through three more chapters to find out where this character went next.  While I am no longer in the book club, I'm glad I read this one while I still was!
This is one of the most harrowing reading experiences I have ever had. The main characters tell the story in their own words but they contradict each other and turn out to be unreliable narrators.Nothing is what is appears to be and you never know who to believe. This put me on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book and when it was finished I felt truly horrified.This tale of violence and vengeance will stick with me for a long time.Read it if like scary, psychological novels . . . the ultimate in that genre.
When you want to dive into a new book, what is it you are looking for? Are you looking for a fantasy, with clever archetypes and heroes winning in the end? Are you looking for spiritual fulfillment, a book that lifts the soul and makes you feel better? Or are you looking for a book that gets into you, makes you feel things you may not want to feel, draws feelings and thoughts out of you that you wouldn't dare think otherwise? Are you looking for a book to pass the time? Look elsewhere. Are you looking for a book that cuts you deep? Look no father.
Guys, I'm not kidding around, this book is Everything. Just when you think you know what's going on, the entire story flips around on you and you're like, ""WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!"" It is a page-turner from the very beginning, and it's incredibly hard to put down. I was depressed when it was over. And because my brain had been pounded into 2014 mush, I was bummed that there were not 2 other books to make it into a trilogy. I would recommend Gone Girl to anyone, and I'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who thought it was weak or boring. READ IT.
Nothing more sweet and satisfying on this earth than a great, original book idea from an author who knows how to unfold her story just the way I like to drink it in ... who snares my interest, sifts through my emotions, wrings out my senses, and steeps me so deeply into her world that I become a [usually!] silent character within it.  This is a must-read from a writer who refuses to bow to the convenient Throne of Banality.  We knew there had to be one out there somewhere, right?  A glorious wordsmith to take up the mantle of early Stephen King?.
This book is not at all what I imagined...it was much better! Gillian Flynn knows a lot about women in relationships. And she knows a lot about character development. I was amazed how at one point during the novel, I was completely sympathetic with Amy, and ten pages later, my feelings had changed in favor of Amy's husband. The book is filled with unimaginable plot twists, and some seriously disturbed characters. I could not put this book down...and I must say it's been years since I've had this much fun reading a book. Brava, Ms. Flynn!
This was an amazing read! My honors English professor assigned this to the class, not only did the whole class love it, but after reading it I bought it for my mom's birthday. While I love to read, this is honestly one of the best books I have ever read. Once you are into part 2, you will forget that Amy and Nick are just characters. During class discussions we would talk as if this was a real story on the news. It is a good read, but not a happily ever after book. Highly recommended and cannot wait for the movie to come out in October.
This is a story of how a fictional marriage which apparently started out with love and happiness slowly becomes a nightmare of attachment due to pressures of economy, family responsibilities and, most importantly, the baggage of youth that each partner brought into the relationship.  We slowly learn each partner's side of the story of downfall through the day-to-day tale of the husband's perspective and what we believe to be the wife's diary during the first half.  Then we learn that both have deceived not only each other, but the reader also.  I couldn't put it down and will most likely read it again.
I'd like to give it more stars! Best book I've read in quite a while! Intriguing twists and turns as the story is told in alternating chapters by husband and wife. One of those that stayed in my mind even when I had to close the book.I've read many reviews that criticize the ending. That worried me - I was afraid that I'd be glued to 400 great pages and the ending would ruin the experience for me. Not so! I found it to be quite the psychological puzzle from beginning to end. I'm recommending it to every reader I know!
Wow. I could not put this book down! Do not start reading this if you have very important things to attend to!This story is an emotional whodunnit rollercoaster. The characters play with your emotions and you develop strong feelings towards them... Only to feel the complete opposite on the next page.Gone Girl is one of those books that you'll want to talk to your friends about... And it will make you crazy if they haven't read it and have nothing to contribute to the conversation.Gillian Flynn is a true talent.
Stayed up all night to finish this, then instantly started it again when the kids went to school.  The plot is terrifically entertaining, but read it for the masterful writing--dark, sardonic, and surprisingly funny!  Nick and Amy may not always be nice people, but you have to appreciate their oh-so-snarky, brutally honest insights. I found both characters fascinating and sympathetic (to a point).  Even the minor characters are truly interesting and feel real.  A smart, clever, tricky mindgame of a book.  So much to enjoy here.
Gone Girl is astounding. It is a gripping story of the courtship and marriage of a narcissist and a sociopath who appear to be experiencing the normal setbacks of life during our recent financial meltdown: job loss, relocation, mounting debt, family illness etc. etc. It is easy to identify with them individually which makes it harder to know who to root for when the wife disappears on the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary and the husband becomes the prime suspect. Another astounding read I would recommend is Holding House this will take you on one amazing journey!!!!
Gone Girl is one of the more intriguing mysteries I have read in a while-- well written, keeps you guessing, and very hard to put down.  This novel is a refreshing departure from the tired formula used by most writers--a smart novel that explores the dynamics of a marriage, expectations and how we view ourselves in the context of a relationship. Written in a dueling narrative, we are provided with contrasting viewpoints, which leads the reader to wonder what the truth is. You will keep reading to uncover it. Read this book!
I even got my husband interested enough I had to wake him at 1:am to tell him the ending!I have to say I have read my whole life I am 71 years young have been reading since I was fiveAnd never stopped except for one year when my husband left me for a woman 30 years younger!This is the best book I ever read in fact it's really something I have to read again and think moreAbout it!It's a winner just waiting for the next book AMAZING !Gillian you are the best what a brilliant mind you have!
It took a long time to read this book, which is not my style. And this is mainly because it was just too unbearably awful, but also chillingly plausible. When the main characters of any novel are irredeemably unlikeable, but brilliantly written and somehow utterly, creepily familiar to you- it's hard to go on. Because you recognize that particular brand of narcissistic evil, from the hidden, gossamer-webbed corners of your own Other. Go ahead, read this one and be aghast. You know it's a little piece of you in those pages.
Being an avid reader of all types of novels I thought I had seen everything.  This story beats them all.  I did hate the foul language and thought it was mostly unnecessary.  The story itself (I'm sure other reviewers have given the highlights so I won't) keeps you on the edge of your seat and at the end you are torn between saying 'This could never happen' and knowing that there are people in this world just crazy enough to make it happen.  I recommend this book to anyone who loves a good story about dysfunctional people.
This was a very fast-paced, excellent read.  I was hooked from the opening chapter and loved how the story played out.  The book is well-written and does a nice job of getting into both of the main characters' heads.  Even though there were a few times when the plot dipped into the 'this can't possibly happen in real life' realm, most of the time it was very believable.I'll admit that I wasn't impressed with Ms. Flynn's book ""Sharp Objects""; however, this book proves that she is a very talented author.
OK, from the first page, I hated the guy. I hated that my reaction to his personal traits were so strong that I immediately assumed I knew his backstory, and hence the story arc of the entire novel. I was so wrong.He's so well written it feels like I know him in real life, as are all the other characters in this book.I won't spoil it for you, but this one did surprise me. The peeling back the layers of personalities while slowly unrolling what seems like a simple story is nothing short of a treat.
Just because a book doesn't end the way we want it to, that doesn't make it a bad book, or a bad ending.  I love the writing style of Gillian Flynn, and thought this was one of the more interesting books I've read in recent months.  It's not what you start out thinking it might be, which is great.  And let's face it - not every story has to have characters who are inherently good.  You don't have to have someone to cheer for or champion in order to enjoy the story.  Just go with it - it's a fun ride beginning to end.
The sign that Mystery/ Thriller is doing it's job - you keep saying ""One more chapter"". Gillian Flynn has crafted a true ""page turner"". It is one of the more inventive plots I've read in the genre. The story starts on Nick and Amy Dunne's 5th wedding anniversary when Amy goes missing. The alternating narrative in the first half of the book, between Nick in the present and Amy's diary, is very effective. The characters are dark. The plot twist spin your head until the final paragraph. The writing is top notch. Ms. Flynn deserves her perch atop the NYT bestseller list. OUTSTANDING!!!!
I really enjoyed this book and couldn't put it down. If you like suspense, it's worth a read in my opinion -- and I also found it to be a searing and at times frightening analysis of where America is as a culture. To those who found it less than what they expected, I always think of what Paul McCartney had to say about bad reviews (this is not an exact quote): ""I'm still waiting for a critic to write, 'Here's what's wrong with this song ... and here's a better one I wrote.'"" I can't wait to read Flynn's other books!
I was late to reading this book and was concerned it wouldn't live up to the hype....I couldn't have been more wrong. The book barrels through our opinions of good and evil and poses scary questions as to who we really are and do we ever know a person and sometimes scarier do we ever know ourselves.  Gillian Flynn is a force to be reckoned with, be prepared to ask yourself some interesting questions. Gillian speaks truer to an inner psyche than is found in most writing today. Can't wait to devour her other works.
I could hardly put this book down. I loved all of the twists and turns, along with how warped and flawed the characters are. Flynn's writing is engaging and fast paced -- she did an amazing job of making the reader simultaneously love and hate the totally dysfunctional characters. Their psychoses were brought to life in an engaging and realistic way. And the ending, it was great. As I got closer to the end, I started to worry that it would spoil the book, but it didn't, it perfectly topped off a great mystery.
A twisty tale where you initially feel sorry for the wife whose husband is having an affair, after they move out of Manhatten and back to his home town. But all is not as it first appears...Brilliantly written to make you identify and empathise alternately with each main character, as they tell their own version of the same story. An almost believeable plot that just gets better and better. Set aside heaps of time so you can really enjoy this psychopathic thriller! Not just a ""chick flick""! Highly recommended.
'Gone Girl' is like a whirlwind that picks up the reader, plunges him/her into the depths of empathy and then raises them into anger and frustration and finally places the reader at  the top of the cliff of uncertainty at the end. Certainly there should be a sequel to this as one novel in this plot and of this caliber of crazy simply isn't enough. This suspense/thriller truly keeps the reader on the edge at all times and it was with great sadness that I completed this novel. This one is definitely a keeper!
Highly recommend this book.  I saw a story about Reese Witherspoon buying the film rights to this story, and it intrigued me enough to download the book to my Kindle.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The every other chapter narrative switch from husband to wife helped maintain a quick pace, and I found it very tough to put down.  I think Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer, with really solid insights into the dynamics of husband/wife relationships.  Anxious to see how she translates this to the big screen.
When I started Gone, Girl, I had only read the jacket cover, no reviews, etc.  Three days and nights later I was bleary-eyed and a shut-in.  I simply HAD to finish this book.  Having been married for 40 years, I love reading books about the relationships BEHIND the relationships.  Know what I mean?  The ending was a bit anti-climactic after some real cat and mouse, razor edge experiences which kept me reading and breathing between clenched teeth but I have recommended this book over and over again.
what a twisted ride! Gillian Flynn is amazing! I started reading, imagining that I knew the direction the story would take me in--then BOOM! Completely different direction. Then I think I know where it is going again and BOOM! different direction! I really wanted the story to end differently, but the fact that it ends the way it does kind of leaves you wanting more. Which is the best way to leave a reader. The characters were so well developed that you were rooting for one then the other! Amazing!
If this book were a bath, I would just bathe in it for days, savoring the suspense, the grueling depiction of the malaise of marriage, and the pure genius of the author. This is like The War of the Roses written by a female Hitchcock. It is clear why the book became a literary sensation. I resisted reading it but that was my loss. I am terrified of Gillian Flynn's imagination, and the next book I read will surely seem a disappointment after this masterpiece of twists and turns. Read it or weep!
This book is one of the best books I've read in a while. I was intrigued by the description of it, but right from the first sentence I was hooked. It was extremely hard to put it down. I knew the book was ""disturbing"" and had some sort of twist, but despite that it was not predictable by any means. The writing is great, the characters are very...interesting to say the least. I was never once bored while reading this book. Gillian is a great writer, and I would recommend this book to anyone!
A really explosive start; completely knocks you off your feet--I couldn't let go of it until the plot steadied a little, when it centred on Nick (the husband). Like a terrible storm, after the brief lull moments the plot explodes again, with twists that were totally unexpected.There were so many reviews for this book, I initially considered not to bother writing. However, the story and execution were so thrilling, that even if the words in the review are not read, its weight in votes gets counted.Overall, a very entertaining read.
I literally started and finished this book in three days...I just couldn't put it down.  I know that there were many readers who were disappointed with the ending but it seemed so logical to me considering all that went on before.  I'm intrigued by the author's other works, as well as the film adaptation that will be released later this year.If you want to read a book that will hold your interest, keep you guessing while enjoying the experience, then this is the book for you.
I bought this book because it kept showing up on several reading lists.  My title says it all... these characters are twisted and flawed  and totally engrossing.  I could not put this book down because I wanted to see how it all turned out. Some parts were unbelievable and just did not like the fact that Amy came across like she was invincible and infallible.  Also left questioning whether one part of book was real or one of Amy's lies.  Like other reviewers, I totally hated the ending
What a great read this book turned out to be.  My doctor told me about this book and gave it a big thumbs up so of course, I ran out and bought it.  A real page-turner and well written tale of a husband and wife and their life after job loss, relocation, and a discovered affair.  This story is so well written and the characters are so flawed, it's hard to know who to feel sorry for-- Nick (the cheating husband) or Amy (the abducted wife).  Won't give anything away...you must read this!
I made my husband wait to see the movie until I had finished the book. It was well worth the wait! The movie was fantastic (he even said it was awesome), but the book is even better! I have read Dark Places as well, and I liked that more than Gone Girl. I found that I saw a little of myself in Amy, which was unsettling, but by the end of the book I must admit she was kind-of my hero, in a demented sort of way. I'm hoping she is busy writing more novels right now!! Definitely a fan.
After this book I began taking reading seriously again, rather than occasionally dipping! It gripped me, like books used to in my childhood, but also satisfied my needs for innovation, character-plausibility, and mature prose. All three of Flynn's books grab you by the throat and do not let go until you have read the last page: this is a result not only of plot, but startling images and incisive social observation. This one is good; in opinion though, the other two are even better.
After a deceptively slow start, this story pulls you along; almost against your will, wading piece by piece through who did what and who lied when.I bought this book because I wanted to get my impressions from the book rather than the movie. Having read it I'm almost afraid to see the movie for fear the production will have ruined the story. The casting gives me hope. I can just see Ben Affleck as the self-involved Nick and Rosamund Pike as the coldly brilliant Amy.
Reviewers frequently talk about books they just couldn't put down.  I hated that this book was so enthralling that I got nothing done for two days.  I finally made myself go to bed, but was so excited by the intriguing story, fascinating characters, and stunning writing that I couldn't sleep, so had to get up and read some more!  I like mysteries, human dramas, and books of that ilk, but was immediately blown away by just how good a writer Flynn is.  For a story to be this enjoyable AND well written--that doesn't come around very often.  I am delighted that she has two more books for me to read!
As the author of Cheer: A Novel, I am thoroughly impressed with what Gillian Flynn has done in Gone Girl.  She's created two wildly unlikeable characters and yet somehow managed to get the reader to root for them (or at least one of them, depending on your perspective).  She's done an excellent job portraying seemingly normal but actually sociopathic people, subtly drawing that very fine line between the two.  I finished this clever (and sometimes disturbing) book days ago and yet I can't stop thinking about it.
My reading tastes are eclectic:  I slogged through ""War and Peace"" last year and loved all three  volumes of ""50 Shades of Gray"" but this book is my favorite.  The characters are flawed but genuine. I did not foresee the twists of the plot. I loved it!  The convention of carrying the story via two narratives was compelling. I hated the ending and was cheering for Nick, but it could not have collapsed into a ""happily ever after"" tale. It's a must-read.
Do not buy this book unless you have the time to read it because ONCE YOU START YOU WILL NOT WANT TO PUT IT DOWN. It is a fascinating, compelling read and drew you deep and dangerously into the story and the characters. The story starts off with one wife missing .... but pages later after mystery, intrigue and also sorts of twists and turns you begin to wonder ""what is really going on"" and of course, the rest is history, you need to finish that book as quickly as possible!!
I loved this book. One of the best psychological thrillers I've read. Very clever, great writing and lots of twists and turns to keep the reader engaged. Not only was this incredibly well plotted, the characters were well developed and interesting. I did find the ending surprising and struggled with whether it was plausible but decided that it could be in the world of Amy and Nick and their enmeshed relationship. And I liked that it wasn't predictable. Highly recommended.
This is the best book I've read in years. The author is insanely talented. The way it was written was exceptional. I could not put this book down, character development was amazing and the reader wrestles back and forth questioning WHO is the ""bad"" guy. I have never read a book like this before! Excellent. I was with the author until the last few pages and I wasn't too trilled with the ending but the ride getting there was amazing! I hope her other books are just as good!
This novel is a whirlwind. It took me on a crazy, reach-in-and-choke-the-character's ride. Like the reviewers who gave 1, 2, 3 Star reviews, I expected a different ending, but Gillian Flynn outsmarted me, and I love that. At first I thought the wording, although it flowed, was too 'flowery,' but, as I continued, I caught on—the decorative writing sets the tone impeccably. Well done, Flynn! Codependency and psychosis make for some toxic habits, easily turned addictions.
My daughter who does not enjoy fiction recommended this book to me and I had my doubts.  Once I got into it and was able to keep track of who was doing what to who, I had to get to the end rather quickly.  It was a very enjoyable ride and am looking forward to read another one of MS Flynn's books.  Spent many years in law enforcement and this would have been one hell of a challange to try to work on.  The detectives in this novel unfortunately were out of their league.
I read and edit for a living, so in order for me to want to read outside of my job, a book really needs to grab me or I'll lose interest quickly. This book had me on the edge of my seat from the very beginning. The pace is incredible quick, and the plot line keeps you guessing about what really happened and who is telling the truth. The language can be a bit raw, but it is brilliantly written and completely captivating for mystery/suspense lovers. Highly recommended.
This book took me a few times to start. I don't know why but the first couple of chapters didn't hook me. About two years later, so many people raved about it-and I saw the movie trailer-so I picked it up again. I could hardly put it down.Plot is new. There were so many surprises that I literally could not guess what would happen next. The characters were well developed and I loved both of them. Can't say I've read many books twice, but I would this one.
I read a lot of books per year--some classics of literature and lots of quick-read thrillers/mysteries.  This book doesn't exactly fit into the thriller/mystery category even though it is a mystery and is pretty thrilling.  You really don't know what will happen.  I guessed some of the outcome, but definitely not all of it.  That's always nice.  In addition, the characters are well-developed and the couple around whom the story turns are both just a bit more than ""quirky.""  In other words, it will hold your interest.
It's pretty rare that a book with so much hype lives up to it's reputation but this one absolutely did. Wow! What a book. The twists and turns had me reading this book in hours. Flynn so masterfully narrates the novel from both a male and female perspective with such plausibility and skill it had me thinking about my husband and marriage thought the book. This book is gritty, dark completely believable. Definitely worth a read. Will be reading her other books too.
The beginnning starts a little slow but then the author cleverly throws a few curve balls where you cannot put the book down. This was one where I would be at work and dying to know what was going to happen next.  There is no true justification at the end for the 'bad character' and this is stil a bit of a disappointment.  This book truly highlights how two people can lie next to each other every day and really not know one another. I would definitely recommend.
This was a pretty quick read-kept my attention to have it read in a few sessions. Some books take me months to finish if I'm not that intrigued by them. That was not the case with this book. If you're looking for a thriller, I recommend this book.It does have some explicit sexual content and violence and bad language so be aware of that.I really liked how the story was told from both perspectives and will be checking out her other books.
I was completely engrossed in the first half of this book. Then the first few sentences of second part completely surprised me (which I LOVE, it's so hard to find a good twist!). The second half of the book was good, although not as good as the first part. The character development was superb and lended perfectly to the twist. I was a little disappointed in the ending but all-in-all, an interesting novel with a sinister and surprising perspective. I recommend!
I had heard about this book and figured I would give it a shot...all I can say is OMG! The book was written very well and it was so good I could barely put it down...finished it in less than 48 hours. The whole book has you guessing what really happened to Amy from page 1 and the ending will literally leave you speechless. Some people felt the book took a while to get good, I felt it was a 10 from the beginning. Definitely a must read for the suspense lover!
I just finished reading Gone Girl and this is one of the best book that i have read in a long time.  The author masterfully took me inside the dark side of not just a marriage, but human behavior, as well. The beginning of the novel was somewhat slow, but I am so glad that I kept going because this story is amazing and it unfolds in a very suspenseful and inventive manner. This is the first novel that I have read by this author, but it will not be the last.
Not spoiling, but honestly Gillain you have created one of the most reasonable villains i have ever seen.This book started out slow honestly, but it picked right back up in the middle. I know alot of people hate the ending..but ask yourself this..what would you do? I would do the same thing, their;s no more choices. lolz.Love amy and Love nick. This book truly is a modern day horror story.""I am never getting married...."" 0.0
I've read this book twice, now, and even though I knew the ""twist"" the second time through, I was still fully engaged with the world Ms. Flynn created. (I am currently reading ""Sharp Objects"" and will follow that up with ""Dark Places"".) Ms. Flynn's characters have depth and weight and the protagonist's point of view is entirely believable, particularly how the truth of the character comes out slowly as the story progresses.
Sha-nanigans. A surprising, suspenseful and smart story which I have to imagine has more *truth* than fiction about that thing called marriage. This is my second Gillian Flynn novel and she is all dark and twisty and witty in all the right ways. I am not normally a ""mystery"" reader, mainly because the writing tends to be 2-dimensional, as do the characters. Not with Gillian Flynn. She is thought-provoking, smart, and entertaining. Perfect combo.
This is one of those rare stories that will stick in your brain long after you've finished reading it. As I neared the end, trying to predict the outcome I both wanted to rush through it, but hated to have it end. I enjoyed the way it was written, the unusual descriptions of events, and the funky characters. Don't want to give away anything but if I had to come up with a negative it was the ending. I plan to read her first novel right away.
Don't make any plans, don't answer the phone - you will not be able to put this book down! Superbly crafted story, at times, very funny (in the blackest way), with characters that manipulate and have power over each other and you. You are part of the roller-coaster ride and you won't want it to stop. I have loved ALL Gillian Flynn's books, but this may be her very best yet. I am deeply envious that you have this treat ahead of you. Enjoy!
The shifting tone in the novel is fascinating.  The two protagonists seem quite likable at first and very slowly reveal themselves to be completely different.  This reader ended up disgusted with both characters, but that's what the author obviously intended.  Anyone who has ever had a cheating spouse will appreciate the fiendishly clever revenge Amazing Amy creates for her unwitting husband, but she's a chillingly coldhearted creation.
I lost a lot of sleep over this book, as I stayed up late each night unable to put it down! I love a book that makes you really ponder the premises put forth in the book. I also enjoyed the fact that, while I didn't want the book to end the way it did, I realize that it really couldn't have ended any other way and stay true to the characters within. Great read! One of the best in years (and I am a librarian, so that is saying a lot).
No wonder this book has been on the best seller list for 122 days - even with all the madness of the Grey Trilogy it managed to hang in there.  I am only about a third way through but I do not want to put it down. So far not an exceptional story but so well written that I am enjoying more and more with each chapter.  I am sorry I did not skip the whole Grey thing and go right for this weeks ago!  Try it I think you will all like it!
This book was distubring, frightening, infuriating, and stomach-turning all at different times throughout.  Which is everything it should have been and every reason why I couldn't put it down.  The twists and turns are chaotic and amazingly suprising.  This was the kind of book that you get to the last pages and want to put it down just to sustain being able to read it a little bit longer.  I can't wait to check out everything else Gillian Flynn has available, and I will.
Interesting premise for a novel.  The title readies you for a murder mystery and then things become more complicated.  The reader wants to believe in the husband's innocence but through the use of the wife's diary the reader is conflicted.  As the story unfolds the mystery is,made deeper through the description of the husband's Missouri home town and the hard times it has fallen on.  The denouement is interesting and surprising.
I love the way Gillian Flynn writes!! This is so fresh and intriguing. You think you know what's going on and then you get thrown in another direction!  I like the way she moves from one character's prospective to the other, and back (each chapter). And she is very funny! Her ability to describe just what the person is feeling is ""dead on""! When I finished ready Gone Girl, I immediately purchased two of her other books.
This is an intense psychological thriller that kept me riveted. Nick Dunne and Amy Eliot Dunne initially seem like the perfect couple, but eventually, as the story unfolds, cracks in their relationship begin to appear. When Amy goes missing, the lives of all of those around her would be impacted, particularly Nick. I do not wish to go into further detail (I would be giving away spoilers!), but suffice to say, a fantastic read.
Really awesome.  Twists and turns throughout.  Usually, I can figure out how a book is likely to end - but not this one.  I was very surprised at the ending.  Author developed the characters super good; I felt like I was inside of both major character's heads and they were VERY different. Wait, also  very alike.  Sounds contradictory?  Read the book and I think you'll know what I mean.  I plan to read all her other books now!
This book seems to present the age old question of ""did the husband do it, or didn't he?""  And even at that, it unfolds in a very readable and creative way by going back and forth from present day to chapters from the wife's diary.  BUT WAIT!!!  About 50% into the book, the reader realizes that this is not the question at all!  At this point you will turn the pages faster than you can process the information.  Creepy.
I did not read books.  But when I got my Ipad I ordered a book titled, ""Gone Girl"".  At first I thought that I would not like it because the writer writes differently than other writers.  But that first chapter was so awesome!  I wanted more.  The writer made me feel like I was right there with the characters.  I could not put the book down. Now I have bought other books written by Gillian Flynn. You will not be disappointed!
I am not someone who regularly chooses thrillers when making a book selection. Novels and chick-lit are more my cup of tea...but when I heard about this one, read the synopsis & reviews, I decided to give it a shot. The story was great and I really enjoyed the twists & turns throughout! It is intense & suspenseful with characters that draw you in whether you like them or not. I would highly recommend checking this one out!
I absolutely loved this book - until the end. The end killed it for me. I really hope Flynn considers making another book to kind of show us what happened in Nick and Amy's future. This book kept me on edge and kept me reading so despite the ending I'm giving it 5 stars. When a book can carry me away from my day to day life/stress and transport me to another world then I'm rating it high and that's exactly what Flynn did.
This is a really great book for this genre.  I don't want to give anything away (lots of other reviewers do this), but what I found compelling about this book was the author's ability to switch voices throughout the novel.  And not just the switch from husband to wife, either, but rather the changes that take places as the narrative evolves.  Great story, really well-written, with lots of interesting twists and surprises.
Blew my mind.  Flynn's writing is phenomenal, she captures the voice of two very distinct characters and makes you love and hate them both at the same time. The twists kept me captured but her story telling ability is what got me hooked.  It can be rather dark at times but if you are the type who likes raw and real, this is the book for you. Loved it and can't stop raving about it to everyone I know. CHECK IT YOURSELF.
Quite the page turner, has to be one of the most unique books and authors I have ever read. Started a little slow but then suddenly I was hooked. Staying up until 2:00am to read more has not happened in quite some time. I personally could have done without some of the language in some instances but with that aside, this is a very fascinating read with plot twists and changes that will keep you on edge to the very end.
I loved this book. To be quite honest, i'm not an avid reader, but decided to pick this book up one weekend and absolutely loved it! The ending wasn't wonderful and slightly disappointing, however, I feel like I was on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book, asking questions and getting excited to see what is going to unveil next. It was an exciting murder mystery, easy to read, and I certainly recommend it.
WOW, How disturbing and how true; LOVE can make us the most horrible partners for what we imagine we could be. LOVE is HATE.This book is the most in-depth look into reason and unreasonable relationships.I recommend this book for the sheer emotional strain the author puts on the reader.After 71 weeks on New York Times Book review list, it still has the rock hard mesmerizing of darkness at its worst.
The fact that I love this book but hate the ending means the author did something right. It's amazing. The twists and turns will bring you to your knees and have you holding your breath! The fact that the ending was..what it was.. only lends to the books story. I hated this book and loved this book equally. Any writer who can evict those deep emotions from me with words is someone to be watched and read! Great work!
I was burning up the battery in my Kindle while reading this amazing book. I am a member of the Happy Bookers Book club and I have chosen Gone Girl for my book to read and discuss. It was hard to know whether to 'pull'for Amazing Amy or Naughty Nick and definitely a book you could re-read. Best book I have read in years! My favorite all time book used to be Beach Music but Gone Girl is my new number one best read.
Gillian Flynn has become one of my favorite authors of crime novels. She is dark, witty,one never knows where her plots are going until you get there, and her writing style is tremendously engaging. Her books are hard to put down once you start them. Her development of female characters is unsurpassed in this genre. Gone Girl is her best novel yet and the first two were outstanding. She just keeps getting better.
I don't want to give away any spoilers about this book so my review isn't about the book plot. Instead its about the writing and the way the book hooked me..I couldn't wait to see what would happen next and see if the person who was responsible for the crime was caught.I definitely recommend this book for someone who wants a light murder/mystery feel with a lot of tension and wondering what is going to happen!!GOOD BOOK!!!
I guarantee you that you are not emotionally prepared for the ride Gillian Flynn is going to take you on in her new novel. The story starts off a little slow and seems like a story you may have read somewhere before but as more facts are uncovered a series of WTF and OMG moments results and you suddenly can't put it down. In the end, whether the good guy wins or loses is wholly dependent on your perspective.
Again, a book that was recommended to me by Amazon that I thought..eh..but then I read it and YEAH!..If you like mystery and suspense and a whole lot of creepy..this is a great novel..I finished it in 2 days and found myself thinking about it for days after..the author does a phenomenal job of sucking you in and really getting into the minds of the characters...one of the best books I've read in a long time!
When Nick's wife Amy disappears on the day of their fifth anniversary, the police automatically assume he's to blame. After all, the evidence points to him . . . and his constant lies don't help his case either. But is Nick as bad as he appears? And maybe Amy wasn't the sweet, doting wife she seemed to be either. If you are looking for a well-written, well-plotted mystery/thriller with some interesting twists and turns, this is the book for you.
What a great book!!!  One of the best I have read in a long time.  During an interview with Gillian Flynn on The View she referenced Mystic River by Dennis Lehane and that is exactly the book I thought of as I was reading Gone Girl.  I cannot wait for the movie!!I have finished all three of Gillian's novels and they were all great reads.  I hope that we will see something new from her very, very soon.
I can't recall ever reading a book which whipped my emotional sympathies for the characters back and forth so mercilessly or so perfectly. Flynn writes with an exceptional voice, and in turn brings a life to her characters that make you feel like you've met them. The novel itself even seems to shift like a chamelon between mystery to suspense to thriller with even a bit of dark comedy laced in. Brilliant.
Gone Girl was a book I had a hard time putting down. It was a fascinating study of who people appear to be and who they really are. The way you want others to see you is often the way you want to be yourself - even if your facade is a lie. If you showed the one you love your true self - would they still love you?A wonderful mystery of twists and turns and an interesting look inside a marriage.
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL:A NOVEL is one of those books that twists and turns and then snakes back again until the final scene which ends in the only possible way it could. The writing is excellent, and as one who has studied marriages and families, Flynn does a superb job of depicting a disturbing and disturbed relationship. I would recommend it for anyone who wants to be involved as well as entertained.
My husband and I rarely like the same books so when he recommended Gone Girl, I was a bit hesitant.  I read the first page and was hooked.  I'm nearly through but am going slowly because I've yet to figure out the ending (I think) and then...what will I read next?  This book is wonderful and I wouldn't be surprised if it becomes a movie.  Just beware that once you start it, you won't be able to put down.
I watched the movie before I knew about the book and I'm so glad I did. The movie is a great companion to the book because the book explains so much more about what was going on in the minds of the characters. I was literally watching the movie while I read the book. This book is so well written, I was so happy to find that the voices of two characters did not sound the same in the book. Great read!
I read this novel in several hours. It was addicting, almost as much as the main characters in this story. So many times I found myself playing detective, certain I had figured out the next move, the next twist, the perfect conclusion. Not even close.If after reading this novel you don't feel even a 4 star rating is deserved- you are just as hard to please as the antagonist of the story.
The first half of the book is absolutely riveting. The second half left me completely mystified. It was very well written, if you like psychological thrillers you will enjoy this book. If you like psychology in general, you will like this book, it gives you the chance to kind of ""study"" a few very strange characters. Overall it was a great read even though I thought the ending was just too bizarre.
Variation on the missing wife theme.  The author switches from the husband's point of view in the present alternating with chapters of the missing wife's diary. Facts are discovered one by one and the reader is drawn in little by little.  After a few chapters its difficult to put down.......you just want to learn one more fact.  There's good character development and even some humor.  A good read.
I was very excited to read this book and continued to be as I read it. I had a very difficult time putting it down.The ending though was a little bit of a let down. Throughout most of the book I had chosen sides but felt a bit deflated at the end. Although"" I got it"", I was expecting a bit more of a redemption. Looking forward to reading her two previous novels.Some have said they are much better.
Gone Girl is an excellent read!It will keep you on your toes around every corner, constantly wondering and guessing what will happen next.A who-dunnit of sorts in modern times.You'll find yourself guessing and second guessing and guessing again.I highly recommends this book, especially for a book club as the discussion is fantastic and trust me, you will want to discuss it!
This is a terrific novel. I'm not usually fond of mysteries/suspense, but I love Gone Girl! Just when you think you know the characters, they throw you a curve. You can follow their logic, and they seem quite reasonable till you hear it from the other character's perspective. I can't wait to read the other books by this author (and excerpts are very thoughtfully included at the end of this one.)
Think you've given up reading anything longer than a magazine article?  No time?  No interest in the longer form anymore?  Attention span has evaporated?  If you read only one novel this year, make it ""Gone Girl,"" by Gillian Flynn.  As much a commentary on marriage as it is a thriller, this story is hugely compelling, superbly crafted and twisty right up to the end.  You will ditch your chores, cancel appointments and stay up all night to finish it. You're welcome.
I read Gone Girl because it was on Best Sellers List for quite a while (still is) and about 1/3 of the way thru, it seemed like a pretty ordinary story...then, all H**L broke loose!!I wouldn't tell you of the twists, of which there are many, but I would recommend the book highly! I almost felt like starting it over when I came to the end to see if there was any hint of what was to come.
I found this book to be well written, short chapters that held my attention and in the manner of James Patterson aching for a sequal. I would like to know more about the author. I have multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease and would like her to write about someone with disabilities as she twists and turns her characters until you don't know what happens until the ending. Very Good Book.
Wow, this turned out to be a real page turner.  I was constantly guessing...and guessing wrong.  Too many twists and turns to count; I never saw most of them coming.  I won't give the story away but trust me...buy this book and you won't be disappointed. I love finding a quality author I've not read before, and this is definitely a quality read.David R. Brown, Author of 'The Bet'
Just when you think you may have one part figured out, everything shifts and you cannot tell what is truth, what is imagination and what is out-and-out lies! Makes you look at how well you THINK you know your mate... Narrated in alternating views of the husband and wife, you see both sides of a plot where the art of manipulation is taken to new heights. Very highly recommended: I loved it!!
WOW.... I Loved Loved Loved this book. It sucked me in right from the opening. It was written excellently, Gillian Flynn certainly deserves praise for this one. I can not wait until October for the movie to be released. I don't want to say much on the book specifically because I believe the not knowing, the suspense of it all is what made the read phenomenal. You will NOT be disappointed.
I won't summarize, as plenty exist. But I'll add my voice to the list of people highly recommending this book! It's definitely the best I've read this summer. It's fast-paced and well written, with defined characters. It's not a book that fits neatly into one category; not wholly a crime novel, but not just about a marriage either. It's a bestseller for a reason--you can't put it down!
This is a fascinating story. Its starts off as a garden variety 'whodunnit', but then evolves into a fascinating battle of the minds, with fascinating underlying psychology. It gets you thinking about the dark side potential of your neigbour, your spouse and even yourself. What are the lengths that you will go to to get what you want in life? It is cleverly written and a great read.
It's very rare that a novel takes me by surprise… This one did it twice. I was intrigued from the get-go and flew through the book in a very short time because I absolutely had to know what was going to happen! The writing is intelligent and well composed. Both main characters are skillfully drawn. All in all, this is one of the best-written books I've ever read. Highly recommended.
This was the best read I've had since The Hunger Games! No matter how I tried to figure out which direction this tale would take, I was always wrong ( and I am really good and figuring out plot lines). I must have said, ""WHAT?"" about twenty times.The writing is smart, clever, and very original. Every reader in my circle has either already read this or they are reading  it now!!Must read!!!
I always get a warm feeling inside when I come across a book that doesn't quit and keeps you coming back for more. I ignored mostly all of my errands and priorties until I was able to complete this book. The way Flynn switches perspectives between Nick and Amy keeps you on your toes. I don't want to give too much away, but if you're looking for a excuse to ignore your responsibilities for awhile, this book is it.
This is an excellent read and I liked the style of the author. I could not put this book down, its twist and turns making it a gripping story told from both sides of this strangely addictive relationship between the characters Nick and Amy. I was surprised about the ending, though I understand that there will be a further book to follow. I am already looking forward to the sequel.
I loved this book - couldn't put it down. I don't read that many suspense novels but this one made me want to read more. In fact I ended up reading 2 more Gilliam Flynn novels after this one (not as good but still good). The reviews are definitely right, this is a can't put down, oh my god what happens next, twist-y and turn-y novel that is well written, dark and very satisfying.
I decided to read this book because it is a bestseller. I was in for a surprise. Halfway through the book, the author does a 360 on you and you have to reevaluate everything you thought. Just when you think you have it figured out, another twist in the story appears. The characters are crazy in a genius way. Loved it. It's a great read, can't stop, good for anyone kind of book.
I loved this book. I've read previous books by Gillian Flynn, and this was the best. The author writes from a viewpoint that is dark, but not macabre. She certainly  does nail her characters. Everything about them was totally believable. Flynn always gives the reader a non typical story line and she doesn't disappoint this time either. A very good book that's hard to put down.
This is the first time I had read a novel by this particular author, and I was deeply impressed by how it grabbed my attention and kept it throughout the story.  I even found myself reading at stoplights in the city!  I couldn't wait to find out what would happen next, and I was never disappointed!  I'll be looking for other novels by Gillian Flynn; she is extremely talented.
It's been so long since I've read a book so intriguing and mesmerizing. I will read this a thousand times over, and never be sick of it. This book keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time with the countless twists, turns, and revelations. The characters are so well developed and real. Getting inside their minds is an amazing aspect of this story. Highly recommend!!!
This is the best book I've  read in a long long time.. I wanted more.. I couldn't stop reading this. Poor nick.. what a crazy world. This book had so many twists and turns, I was glued... great book!!!! I am excited to see what the movie has to offer since they're changing the ending.. I love this book... but I was a little disappointed in the ending. Overall, great read.
I have read the first 2 books by Gillian Flynn . . ""Sharp Objects""  and  ""Dark Places"" and found them to be captivating for fast reads but some what predictable.  As for ""Gone Girl"" the tension of the read was not quiet as strong, but there was no predictability for this novel!Third time's the charm.  I'll be looking forward to Flynn's next .
I won't give anything away but I will tell you that every time you think you have this novel figured out, you don't.  The author has a very expressive writing style that is mature and intelligent.  The whole style of the book is so unique that it's quite refreshing.  For me, it was a little slow at first but about a third of the way into the book I couldn't put it down!
I was told to try this book because ""you can't put it down"", ""it'll mess with your head"". Okay, I'll try.The book is broken up into three separate parts. Each one left me feeling completely different towards the characters than I did at the beginning. Just try it out. I don't normally write reviews... but this is something I highly suggest.
As soon as I thought I figured out what was going on, I was wrong. Characters are all so loathsome it actually made me feel good about myself : D ! I am now reading the other two books by this wonderful author. I would love to meet her personally and express how much I enjoy her dark humor. Like minds, I say... Thanks for a great read that kept me riveted to the end.
Truly a great mystery, BUT even more I was fascinated by the observations on marriage. The grip of first love, the willingness to do everything our partner wants, the disappointment as we find flaws...it is spot on, though the characters in this story are angry, selfish, and thoughtless...like most of us are. Recognizing our behavior in others always helps us learn.
This popped up on my recommendations and after trying a sample I had to keep going, it has twist after twist, and I don't want to give anything away or it'll ruin it - the characters are incredibly well written and the story sucks you in, your allegiance swings from one character to the next and the relationships are psychologically believable.  Well worth the read.
I gave this book a full five stars because I thought the author created a brilliant portrait of both pivotal characters. The twists and turns and boomerang like behavior of Amy and Nick kept me glide to my iPad. I could not put this book down and resented having to be called away to run errands. I will read another of Gillian Flynn's novels with great expectation.
This is one of the best books I have ever read, and I have read a lot of books. It literally kept me up because I HAD to know what happened next. Gillian Flynnthrew in so many twists and turns that I didn't have a clue as to how it would end until the last page. She's got a new customer in me. Now I'm going to be hard to please with anyone else. Gerry Morgan
The entire story for amazing! The audible narration was perfectly performed. It definitely added another level to the story instead of just reading. The mystery grabs you and won't let go. I loved how I loved and hated and loved and hated each character throughout the book. A thrilling rollercoaster! I have been recommending to all of my friends. Great work here!
Some readers and staunch feminists may bristle at the abrupt 180 degree turn this book takes mid-way through, but others should delight in the deliciously twisted paths this novel treads.  The ending also feels a bit flat after Flynn builds up some serious momentum, so readers anticipating some grand comeuppence or well-deserved just desserts may be disappointed.
You will not be disappointed with this purchase. I read this book in 3 days. One night I couldn't sleep, I found myself up at 2am reading this book until I had to get ready for work. I was actually sad when it ended (which is a scary thought when you think of the book being about a couple of nut jobs).Gone Girl is brilliantly clever and wildly entertaining.
A psychological thriller that speaks to current preoccupations with status, class and the veneer of success we project to the world compared to the turbulent, complex emotions within. In this book the main characters are in varying degrees of denial about their lives and feelings, a problematic state of mind that is endemic in 21st century American society.
Right from the very start I was hooked by Gone Girl and as is the way with a good mystery, you can never assume that you know where it's going because it's filled with twists and turns that will keep you moving from one page to the next. Gillian Flynn has a great writing style and her characters are perfectly and realistically twisted. A real page turner.
Full of twists and turns, Gone Girl unfolds like a classic Hitchcock thriller, shocking you with every turn of the page.  It is a gripping masterpiece, superbly written with layers of intrigue and mystery, making it one of the best psychological thrillers I've ever read.If you're looking for a great book, Gillian Flynn has more than delivered!
I knew this book had been panned because some readers didn't like the ending.  I decided to read it anyway and am glad I did.  I was grabbed by the plot and could hardly stop reading until I reached the end.  I'm not so sure I agree with those who didn't like the ending.  Both of the characters were flawed and maybe they got what they wanted in the end.
Yeah, we'll go with that for the title. From start to finish the story is captivating. Expect to be thrown for a bit of a loop later. Though maybe you'll see it coming. Messed up and creepy Amy? Yes. Amazing Amy? Not so much. Precise and efficient is in there too. And there I have gone and given something away. Really, read the book to see what I mean.
Wow! What an excellent read! It has been a long time since I have wanted to quote a book and send it to someone. There were several that I had to share from the book.There are several twists and turns in this book, and the more you think about the book the more conversations you can have concerning this book.I can't wait to see the movie!!
Excellent character sketches of a deceptive wife and her equally deceptive husband. In a story that reads like a cat and mouse game, we are exposed layer by layer to a decaying relationship, and the lengths to which lies are told in the name of self-preservation.Overall, a cunning tale with fast, economical, and sometimes clipped writing.
Really wasn't sure I wanted to read this book and thought maybe it was more appealing to women then Men. But after I got going I could not put it down! My Brother is a divorce attorney and he says that he has seen almost all of this over the years, Scary Thought.Bottom line, I hugged my wife of 30 years and told her how ""AMAZING"" she was!
Her use of really creative ways to talk about ordinary, mundane things was fantastic &engaging---kept you wanting more. Hers was a refreshing style--switching between the thoughts of 2 characters. I loved the story and want to read more of her books.  I am usually a true crime story reader--rarely ever reading fiction; but Flynn has me hooked!
I loved this book!  Twists and turns in the story line made it a page turner from the very beginning.  I liked the back and forth between the two main characters and it was hard to determine who had the most mental health issues.  The author developed each main character and sub-characters extremely well.  i will definitely read her other two books.
The writing, plot twists & character developement were amazing. This was my first Gillian Flynn novel but it will not be my last. The story was tight and plausible. It will make you grateful of your choice in spouse. I cared about what happened to Amy and Nick and will miss them - that is the highest praise I can offer as it usually does not happen.
Loved the writing about how young women put on a 'cool girl' persona to get a guy to like them.  Then what happens after this fades? The insights into the relationship decline between two real characters was magic.  The book takes a slightly unbelievable turn in the last third but the ending is great and real. I don't know why people complain about it.  This book is great.
I thought the story was well written and gripping. The characters were well developed and the plot moved at a steady pace, not too fast or too slow. Don't want to say too much without giving the story away, but I was super invested in this book the entire time I was reading, and looked forward to my ""alone reading time"" with it every night!
I started reading this book and I thought I had it figured out. But then with every chapter something new got added into the story and I'd have to change my theory. I loved how this book was written in the first person, whether it was Nick or Amy's perspective. I won't give away what happens--but this is a great read and will keep you on your toes!
A very engaging read. I have recommended the book at every opportunity. Many twists and turns to the plot.  Just when you think you know what the book is about, there is a twist you didn't expect.  The bad thing is one cannot tell someone who hasn't read the book about the twists without taking away part of the fun of reading it yourself. So do it.
I am simply a mom,who reads to getaway and go to sleep. It's me time. I gave this 5 stars because I finished this in two nights, two weeks ago. I still keep thinking about it. It was twisted, and I closed the book thinking how messed up it was...in the page turner kind of way. Thanks to the author for a good read that was different from the norm !
This book is AMAZING! It started off pretty slow, it took about 115 pages to get me truly interested but oh man, once it did, there was no putting this book down. It keeps you on your toes, filled of twists and turns that'd you'd never expect.UPDATE: I must say the ending was a little disappointing but overall the book is an excellent read.
A fantastic journey.  After reading this book, you will (at least for a while) wonder about transparency and motivation of your spouses' actions..  The book is very well written - taking you along for a ride with multiple surprising twists and turns.  The characters are well developed and tell their stories in a captivating manner.  A great read.
I chose this book because it has been on the best seller list for weeks and weeks. ""Gone Girl"" is an amazing work of imagination, a book  beautifully written, with an urgency to it that carried me away. I read as fast as I could, reading late into the night, waking up and wanting to read again. Now I intend to read more of Gillian Flynn.
Well written & one of the most disturbing books I have read in a very long time. I could not put the book down, but I didn't like any of the characters. The ending was unexpected & equally as disturbing.This is one of those rare stories that I don't stop thinking about & it makes one ponder, ""do we really ever know another person?
I saw a review of this book in a magazine and thought I'd give it a try.  It is a great psycho-thriller and takes twists and turns that the reader certainly does not suspect.  Critics may say, correctly, that the story is far-fetched and that the main characters are not very likeable, but I thoroughly enjoyed the ride into their twisted story!  A real page-turner!
I liked the way that both main characters in the book were written in chapters. The backwards perspective allows the readers to see more slowly how the characters got to where they are.  The ending was a complete surprise to me.  I liked it.  The characters are well developed and interesting. The story has a comfortable pace. I recommend it.
Once I started this book, I could not wait to get to the next chapter fast enough. This book takes you on a roller coaster ride of highs and lows as it twists and turns and you hold on for dear life. You find yourself feeling for the husband then the wife as you learn more about them. I can see why this book is still on the best seller list.
Friends recommended this book a year ago but I was slow to respond.  After a few chapters it was hard to put down. I was stuck at home for 2/12 days last week due to snow and thank goodness I had this book to keep me busy, otherwise my family would have suffered with no attention or food to eat.  I was completely selfish in reading all day!
Written in diary form, this is a gripping and suspenseful mystery from the perspective of two characters.  You will be totally engrossed by the surprising twists and turns. Your sympathies and problem solving skills will be put to the test. What were the motives behind the disappearance or is it a murder?  Enough said--a real page turner!
I found the writing style of this book to be unique....I liked how the chapters went back and forth between characters and time.  Really kept my interest and I couldn't wait to see what the next chapter would reveal and how my perspective on things would change or stay the same.  I highly recommend this for anyone wanting a good read.....
Gillian Flynn has an extremely readable writing style that kept me fully engaged in the book. The development of the characters is what makes this book such an incredible read. Where you begin and where you end is inconceivable. I don't want to say too much because you really need to read the book yourself and not be given clues about it.
The twists and turns throughout this book are unbelievable. I just did not see it coming. The book was well written, It is so hard to talk about this story because you can not give the plot away. However it is creepy and dark and im so so curious if there will be a sequel because of the somewhat open ending. I could not put my ipad down!!
I really liked the book, but it is really also a reach--Unusual to say the least, but a must read, Flynn is very good.  Read some of her earlier works, I think she's written some better things than this one, but this one just took off. I think the ending confused and disappointed a lot of people after such a complicated,involved story.
OMG. AMAZING. this book was so captivating and filled with twists and turns. I liked both Dark Places and Sharp Objects. But I looooovvvvvvveeeeeee Gone Girl. The twisted minds of the two main characters Amy and Nick are just, indescribable!!!!!!!  Never a dull moment in this book. From the beginning to the crazy surprise end!!!!!!!!!!
I LOVED this book.  The writer takes a very interesting approach to unfolding the plot, telling the story from his and her sides, with different timelines.  Great read.  After finishing this, I immediately purchased another of the author's books, and enjoyed it immensely, as well.  I look forward to following her writing in the future.
This was one of the best books that I read simply because of the twists.  I did not know which character to like/dislike because I felt equal amounts of empathy and disdain for both the husband and wife protagonists, at different points in the book.  Even the ending left me battling with whether I agreed with the characters' resolve.
This book will have you running in circles---written in a ""he said-she said"" way, it will challenge you to decipher what is truth! And when you start to really ""get"" it, it then challenges you on another level----how easy it is to be judgmental!!! I was amazed at the insight this author exhibited and will look for more of her books.
The story is told in separate chapters by him and by her.  They evidently didn't live the same life.  Very clever technique by the author revealing layer by layer the farse that became the life of these 2 young people.  I won't reveal any details, but it is worth the read to see who is telling the truth and just what was the truth?
This book was excellent!  It started out a little slow for me, but I persevered  due to the ratings.  I am so glad I did!  It was one off those books I didn't want to put down...I found myself reading every spare minute I had.  You won't believe how the story twists and turns.  I can't wait to read the 2 other books by this author!
I'm at an age where I don't finish books if I'm not hooked - there is too much to do in life without wasting time on a mediocre book.  I finished ""Gone Girl' in two days, putting everything else on hold. Both main characters are entirely believable and the reader changes position as the 'true' story unfolds.  A fantastic read.
I'd been interested in purchasing this book for a while but for some reason never picke it up- finally I did and I was blown away!!!!!!Remarkable book that kept me wanting more. One of those books that kept me whispering to myself ""just one more chapter and then I'm going to bed"" but never really able to put it down. Bravo!!
This is a great read, a ""can't put it down"" book.  The twists and turns will keep you surprised and guessing, but you'll rarely be right.  On the downside, the book has no strong male characters.  They are all overshadowed by superior women.  This comes across as bashing a few times which is too bad.  I still highly recommend it.
I was hesitant to read Gone Girl. It was recommended by a friend. I read the description and thought, 'I'm not giving to like this book.' Boy, was I wrong! It is fantastically written! I was blown away with the level of intensity down in the built-in of these characters. The writing style is phenomenal! Highly recommended book
The fact that I like both characters in this book frightens me a bit.  Nick and Amy Elliot Dunn made me feel better about the minor drama's in my own marriage.  This book takes crazy to a whole new level!  Now that it's over I have to wonder ""who will I be without Nick and Amy Elliot Dunn?""Great narration as well.
Suspenseful novel well- written with so many twists and turns. The ending left me wanting a sequel.....my husband read it immediately after I did and it became the topic of conversation during his entire read. I had to stop myself from giving away the outcomes at each twist and turn of this action  psychological thrill ride.
It took a little while for me to get into this book, but once I did, the person that you thought was Amie lead us into one very amazing twist. So well written and the thought procedure to write this book blew my mind away. Excellent read, to the point, it had you believing this really could happen in true life...loved it!!!
This was recommended to me and I was told it would take a little bit to get into it"". I was engrossed from page one but 1/2 way through the book the twist happens (which some may see coming) and then they just keep happening and you don't want to put the book down not even being able to begin to guess how this will end.
This book was well written and had great character development!  At first I was concerned about the constant change of storytelling from the 1st person style of both main characters, but I found myself easily following along.  Great twists, unexpected ending, and overall GREAT writing made this a book I could not put down!
This novel had me guessing which way it was going to go right from the start. It has so many twists that you just have to keep turning the page. The author did a fabulous job in the way she laid out the story. It was always intriguing and never slowed down throughout the whole book. This one would be a great summer read!
Slow starter...honestly for me. Had the book on my read list and bypassed it several times. Couldn't capture me past the first couple chapters. Then, it captured me, TwISTed, turned, TwISTed again and WHAT?!? Are YOU BOTH CRAZY?....I'll leave that for you to judge...Toxic....Poison....in more ways than one! Great Read!
I waited to purchase this book as I thought I could borrow it from a friend, but am I glad I didn't wait any longer. What a thrilling story, I really couldn't put it down. I can't wait to read her other novels now. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good page turner. Also can't wait for the film adaptation.
This is one of those books that you cannot put down, you want to keep reading the book to find out what happens. Gliilian Flynn did an amzing job with this book it was so amzing to read. I am excited to see the movie and see how well they captured Flynns story. Overall excellent book i would highly reccommend it.
Truly enjoyed this book. There are twists & turns that are totally unexpected. You realize in the middle of story that you don't know the main characters like you thought you did. It keeps you reading so that you can determine just exactly what is going on. You should try it & see how it all turns out!CFT
I think the author is brilliant...so many twists and turns and for me a completely unexpected ending. Gillian has an amazing imagination to think up all the angles in this novel. It is a pretty fast read because you dont want to put it down. I would recommend it, and I will be reading another one of her books.
This is a great mystery that sucks you right into the story & makes you want to read right to the end to see how it will turn out.  The style in which it's written goes back and forth between the two lead characters point of view, so it keeps you guessing on what actually is the truth and how it will turn out.
this is the first novel I have read by Gillian Flynn. The book was impossible to put down. It had so many twists and turns that were totally unexpected. The characters were complex, flawed and made for an interesting read. The ending leaves you wondering???? I would recommend the book. Hope it becomes a movie.
This book is a a page-turner. I was completely sucked in to this winding and twisted tale. I've never met such a conniving, insidious psychopathic character as Amy Elliot Dunne. She has left me emotionally and physically drained. You will need a light-hearted vacation after you finish this book!  GREAT READ!
Such a well-written novel that explores the depths the main characters' minds. It starts a little slowly, but picks up pretty quickly. The juxtaposition between the present story and Amy's diary entries gave the novel an interesting viewpoint into the 2 timelines colliding.  Believe the hype about this book!
I'm kind of reeling from the ending.. This story is very twisted and a lesson about the people we ""think"" we know. It was a bit drawn out and I was hoping Nick would get to be the readers hero. I had to read the book before seeing the movie. I hope for some true closure for Nick, perhaps a sequel...
I love a book that gives you a clear mental image and that you dont want to put down. I did not want to put this down. At the end of each chapter I said to myself..NO WAY. It is gripping and suspensful and unbelievable, if you buy only 1 book this year buy this one. I cant wait to read her other books!
This was my first, and thoroughly enjoyable experience reading a book by Gillian Flynn.  The characters are unique, interesting and deadly.  The plot evolves with twists and turns that the reader could never guess.  This is a truly great book that is hard to escape once you are sucked into its vortex.
Gone Girl is the most interesting book I have read this year. It is easy to read I finished it n one day as I  could not put it down. The end of the book is fantastic only could have been written by a genius with a great imagination.I f you like reading you will love the time you spend on this book.
I am usually not a suspense murder mystery reader at all. This book is etched into its proper and well earned place on my list of favorites. My only regret is that I read it on Kindle as opposed to the now old school traditional book with pages and texture. Very thought provoking and suspenseful.
When I first started reading this book for Book Discussion Group I thought it was just another modern novel about spoiled, self absorbed Yuppies brought low by the Great Recession. Was I ever wrong! This novel is amazingly complex and kept me guessing the whole way through. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn was a quick read, but that was because of the twists in the story that made me want to keep reading! The first third of the book had me hooked, the second third shocked me and the last third left me speechlees.  Great book for interesting book club chats that for sure!!
This book has so many twists and turns; it just keeps getting better. It leaves you wanting more, which makes for a satisfying and fast read. Not to mention, it ends in an unpredicted manner. I have recommended this book to everyone from friends to my local librarian. You won't be disappointed.
I have found a new author to love!!  This story was really amazing in many ways....plot, characters, dialogue...a great read!!  I almost didn't read it because some reviewers complained about the ending....well I think the end fit the story perfectly.  Can't wait to read more by Gillian Flynn!
A complex study of male/female relationships, with Flynn's female protagonist as devious, angry, manipulative and intelligent as ever. My only complaint is that her depictions of men as inadequate and easily duped  is epitomized here.. Her men are no worthy opponents of her female characters.
I lost a good deal of sleep while in the process of reading this book. It's one of those stories you just can't put down. Unpredictable, raw, deceitful and really fun! I can't think of anything to say specifically about this book without being a spoiler, so I'll just say READ IT! I loved it.
Gillian Flynn has a remarkable ability to write in a way that both surprises and affirms.  Her characters make observations and comments that reflect both a unique look and a recognizable truth on the human condition.  The first thing I did after finishing her book was to order the next one!
Whether you agree with the mindset of the characters or the plausability of the plot - this is one of those books that you love to hate the characters - it was well written and we had our longest book club discussion to date talking about this book.  A great book to gather various opinions!!
It was so hard to put this book down.  Just when you think you have it all figured out you are in for a tantilizing change in events that will blow you away!  It also makes you question your own behavior - are you keeping your marriage interesting enough? does your husband still desire you?
I started out thinking wow this is predictable and unoriginal but WOW was I wrong. This book totally threw me for a loop! This is the best read that I've had in a long time. That is saying a lot because I am an avid John Grisham fan but Gillian Flynn may just become my new favorite author.
I have honestly never read a book with characters quite like the ones portrayed in Gone Girl.  I am not even sure I can find words to describe how fantastic of a book Gone Girl is.  I could not put it down, I could not get enough of the book or it's characters.  I 100% recommend this book.
Loved the book, hated the ending. Just not right, I'm frustrated! I really liked Ms. Flynns style. Kept me turning pages, isn't that the goal? Going to try and find another  of her books to read. The movie of Gone Girl comes out in the fall with Ben Affleck as Nick. Should be interesting!
Just when you think you have an opinion of the story, where it's going, what you think, there's a twist and your left surprised...and wrong. Very twisty, as my husband would say. Keeps the reader engaged and always wanting to turn the page to see what happens next. I couldn't put it down.
I started reading this novel thinking it was just a rehash of the Lacy Peterson story.  It's not!  Oh boy, it's not.  It's a psychological journey into the minds of a couple in a dysfunctional relationship.  I found it fascinating and impossible to put down. You will not be disappointed.
I thought this book was one of the best I've read in a very long time.  I couldn't put it down, and there were a lot of unexpected twists.  Some people didn't like the ending, but I thought it was surprising and fit really well with the charactors.  I'm looking forward to the movie now!
Amazing book. Twists & turns that you do not see coming, others that youdo but that are so well written that all you want to do is read this novel.  Forget work, family stuff, just read as fast as you can to see will happen next. It is funny & disturbing. Truly a twisted tale.  A+
This story is like nothing I've ever read before. I didn't watch the movie before reading it but now I feel like I should, just to see what the characters look like in person and not just in my imagination. I'd highly recommend this book to anyone who is tired of the same old stories.
I love a good mystery. This book had it all with complex characters and twisted plots. I have never read a book that ended with me not liking either one of the main characters so this was very different but I still liked the story. If you want io be surprised this is the book to read.
Think you have the story figured out?  Better think again because this story  has one of the best plot development line that is delicious and tantalizing to the final sentence ending with a period. Clear the calendar and ban the kids and husband from all interruptions and just enjoy.
The book is written by both characters, each taking a turn/chapter to tell the story and it was fascinating and gave me knots in my stomach while I read it! I am always curious about authors who write this way, would love an inside peek into their minds! I highly recommend this book!
Keeps you guessing on every page.  The characters are well developed.  Even though I could find no love in my heart for either main character, the author kept me wanting to read on and find out what happens!!  That's my definition of a good book when I just want some escape reading!
I loved this book. I never felt like I knew how it was all going to end. Such an interesting story, and in the end it's just an extreme tale of most marriages. There are always secrets and compromise, this story just takes it a few steps further. Sometimes there are no easy answers
This was such a good read! I enjoy the characterizations but this book had me loving then hating then loving the same character. I couldn't really tell what crazy thing was gonna happen next. A real page turner as I raced to the end to find who was the real good guy in the story.
This book genuinely surprised me. Which is fairly hard to do. This book will constantly keep you guessing about Amy and Nick's fate. This book will keep you constantly keep you torn about who you want to ""win."" It is CRAZY, yet so entrancing you won't want to put it down.
When I was reading others reviews before purchasing the book, many people felt dissatisfied with the ending. After reading the whole book, I felt that the ending was just perfect. As to the book generally, it was a really good psychological thriller. I really enjoyed reading it.
I loved it!  Gone Girl wasn't as dark as Gillian Flynn's other novels but it was even better written and so much fun to read!  In a wierd, twisted way, it's the best description of how to make a marriage work that I've ever read; Be the spouse I want or I'll make your life hell!
Of course by now you know how good the writing and the story are. But there is also a depth here, of understanding of human nature. And not just the fun side. Tone down the characters to a more real-life size and suddenly you see the story played out all around you. Horrifying!
Perfect book for Psyche 101 discussion. Just written fabulously. The reader only knows Amy and Nick from each other's perspective into well into the book, where you actually get the opportunity to get to each independent of each other. A real page turner. I hated for it to end.
Gillian Flynn is an intriguing writer. She definitely knows how to blur the line between victim and perpetrator in this novel. I gave it five stars because is worth it. Even though the plot seems average in the beginning she completely flips it in the middle. Great summer read.
I loved this book! So many unexpected plot twists...I was hooked from the very beginning! I can see how some readers could be disappointed by the ending, but it was completely unexpected and for me, that just made the story even better. I would definitely recommend this book.
This book was extremely captivating. The reader does not know what has happened to the wife until the second half of the book.  The story is intense and holds your focus to the very end.  The movie is coming out later this year, but it cannot be as good as this mystery novel.
This book grabs you from the first page and never lets you go. It has enough twists and turns to keep you reading way too late into the night. Just when you think you know who the villan is, the author leads you to another conclusion. Can't wait to read more by Gillian Flynn.
Gone Girl is a freaking addiction! One of the best books I've read in a long time. I could put it down, and found myself thinking about it when I wasn't readying. I was constantly going back and forth... Could figure out who to root for. See for yourself... Read this book!!!
this book blew me away and i literally couldn't put it down. plus it was super twisty and unexpected, which says a lot for me because i can usually predict most books. incredible author. i cannot wait until her next novel comes out. i plan on reading  her other 2 books ASAP!
When I began reading this book, I thought I knew where the story was headed.  Boy was I wrong! There are many plot twists and turns to keep you reading page after page. I wanted to read it before the movie was released, but now I'm not sure i want to see it. Excellent read.
Best work of all three of her books. By far, this book is so much more than the movie ever could be. So much more detail in this book that wasn't captured in the movie. Such an unbelievable story that forces you to love & hate Nick & Amy's story throughout the entire book.
I liked the way the book was written, gave both sides of the Nick and Amy story.  As I'm reading, I could picture the entire story in my mind like it was a play.  Once you start reading it is so hard to put down, just have to know what will happen next.  Awesome ending!!!
Fantastic writing and wonderful story line. Every time I thought I knew what was going to happen, the author threw me a curveball. We are reading this book for my mystery book club and I can't wait to discuss it. I am looking forward to reading Ms Flynn's other two books.
After reading many of the reviews, I wasn't sure I would like Gone Girl but I reluctantly gave it a try. I just finished the book and I loved it. The ending, which has been openly criticized, is brilliant and twisted- you just have to be smart enough to appreciate it....
This book lived up to the hype and its place on the Best seller list for so long.It moves along at a brisk pace as it examines the minds  and motives of the main characters. Just as soon as you think you've cracked the case, you haven't! gripping all the way to the end.
Love, Loved this book!  It is a real page turner. I enoyed the story line and the way in which the author told her story so much that I purchased 2 more of her books. This book is full of twists and turns that you never see coming.  Settle in for a roller coaster ride.
Very well written book.  I bought the book to read on a travel day.I was so engrossed in the book that I nearly missed my boarding call.The only bad thing is I work with a woman like Amy and it has left me wondering just what lengths she will go to.
It's rare to find a book that doesn't read like so many others. I appreciate that the author surprised me. I'll look forward to reading more written by Gillian Flynn. This one was a fun, fast read that kept me from doing my tasks. The story will keep you hooked too.
Excellent read! Walking through a psychological maze, this is an intense gut grabber. There has has been much discussion about the ending but water always seeks it's own level, doesn't it? Flynn has written a real mind bender Hang on !! Four stars, two thumbs up!!
Very good book. Kept me on the edge of my seat at all times wasn't sure where it was going next. A little disappointed that they never found out everything that she was actually involved in but that is part of life. Sometimes the cops don't find out what happened.
Loved, loved, loved this book! Our book club read it and had a fabulous discussion about it!  We really had gold discussion around how we changed allegiances to the characters in the book -- and the ending was even a better discussion -- can't wait for the movie!
I read this because I heard good things about it.  I was not disappointed.  Not only was it a good story, but it was not predictable.  I enjoyed the twists, but I was a little disappointed in the ending.  Not enough to change my review.  I would read this again!
Thrilling, excitement,enjoyment and  an Adventurous Nobel.  I am so glad that I have the book before the movie come out.  There is sadness and joyful moments as well.  The  book is the best thriller that I have read in ain time.  I did not want to stop reading.
This book is good on so many levels I don't know where to begin. The author is really trying to work a lot of stuff out through writing or she is truly one of the most creative people I have ever read. Hilarious, sociopathic, suspenseful, calculating. Loved it.
I bought this book for my neighborhood's book club and quickly plowed through the whole thing in a week! The storyline is a dramatic who dunnit story, almost out of a Lifetime movie. Not wanting to spoil it, but keep pressing through the book for a big twist.
This is one of the best book I've read I a long time.  I read it over a year ago and I still think about it! You literally can't put this book down, so only read it when you have some time to invest or you will be going nuts waiting to see what happens next.
My ex-wife recommended this book to me.  I started it and thought, ""Geeze, do I want to read this stuff?""  She then told me to keep going.  Wow!  What a surprise!  I loved this book and laughed at the truths it presented all the up to the last page.
I can almost always figure out the ending of a story from the beginning, but this book kept me guessing until the very end and I was still shocked. Gillian Flynn is a great author and I've purchased two more of her books because I enjoyed this one so much.
One of the best books I've read in a long, long while.....it twist and turns like few other books I've read and doesn't settle for a pat ending. I couldn't put it down and it kept my head spinning for hours. Haven't read Flynn before but you can bet I will now!
This book is a well written mind twister.  The alternating views from the two major characters are not difficult to follow (although one suspects that certain comments are self serving, if not outright lies).  The ending, though ambiguous, was satisfying.
I was looking for not your typical romance book and this was it!  The book kept you guessing the whole time... you couldn't wait to get to the next chapter.  Some people don't like the ending, but I thought it was all creative.  I would recommend reading.
For the first hundred pages I was wondering where this book was going and then it slaps you in the face.  The twists and turns that you begin to realize are happening keep you turning the pages at a feverish pace.  I found a new favorite author to follow.
At times, I found the book dragged a bit, but I'm glad I stuck with it. There are surprises along the way that provide insight to deviant thinking. I have heard that there is talk of making a movie based on the book, and I would definitely want to see it.
Very intriguing.  You start out thinking you know who the dysfunctional party is but then soon realize you are not sure.  It is not hard to identify with both of the characters and in the end I guess they deserve each other.  Can't wait to see the movie!
This was such an awesome book.  But the ending leaves you guessing.  I will have nightmares thinking about this now family.  There needs to be more.  I can not wait to see the movie.  I will be reading more by this author!  And, I never want to meet Amy!
I had to make myself put this book down.It was filled with unexpected twists and turns that were plausible, but only from a person with a brilliant mind. If you enjoy a psychological thriller, this is the book for you. The author 's genius in this genre.
I think this book would make a great movie. It really kept me interested and involved in the story. I was not happy with the ending though I don't want to spoil it for others reading this excellent book. I will watch out for other books by this author.
It was a very interesting plot.  Kept me Ithrilled from the start.  It was a really good who sit it except kept one wondering I what really happened and what would happen next.  It certainly kept me thinking the whole way through.  A really good story.
This book just about ruined me. I could not put down my tablet. I read until I fell asleep then woke up and read in the morning and read at every break in the day. I got through it in under three days. It is non stop action. Thanks for an amazing read!
Gone Girl was the first book that I picked up written by Gillian Flynn and I was instantly hooked. Once I got this book, I couldn't put it down. I read it on the bus, in the break room, and whenever I had free time. Any show I was ""religiously"" watching on Netflix was pushed aside. Then, once I finished the book I immediately found the movie online and watched it. While I wasn't completely thrilled with the movie adaptation of the book, I was okay with it. I loved the book so much, I kind of wasn't ready for what the movie was. I would give the book a 5/5 and seriously recommend it to anyone who is looking for something thrilling.This novel starts out on the anniversary of Nick and Amy Dunne. Every year for their anniversary, Amy creates an almost impossible scavenger hunt for Nick. Something that he's supposed to think back on his relationship, think deeply about Amy, to figure out. This year, he's even more aloof than usual because he doesn't really care for his wife anymore.  Then, on the morning of their anniversary Amy goes missing.Gone Girl follows the investigation done by the police, as well as the reports that the media puts on. Much like her other novels, you see this book through two different narrators - Amy, and Nick. Throughout the course of the novel, you meet different characters who have just an interesting back story as Nick and Amy do. Nick's sister plays a very large part, as does Amy's parents. There are more twists and turns that happen in this story than I ever thought would be possible. At each turn, there are new shocking details that come up and that seem unbelievable.If you haven't already picked up this novel, I would say run to the nearest bookstore and pick one up. This is most definitely a psychological thriller, that is extremely well written. This was the novel that made me want to read more of Gillian Flynn's work, and I would say that if you haven't read any of her other books yet, you should pick this one up first.
Book review by Hank Douma – “Gone Girl” 2012  by Gillian FlynnI gave this book five stars which is the most stars possible. I based that on the authors very good writing skills, its important message, a thrilling plot, and fine character development. The “hook,” which the author employs to get the reader quickly enthusiastic about the book, begins with the title, gone girl, and already by page twenty-four Amy disappears from her home amidst signs of foul play, on the day of her and Nick’s fifth marriage anniversary.I found that many reviewers were very critical of the ending. I liked the ending, thinking it was consistent with the book’s primary story to that ending point, the day of the fifth marriage anniversary. In consideration of readers who have not yet completed their reading of the book I, and almost all reviewers, avoid telling about how the book ends.The book tells the story of a marriage that seemingly starts out well, with two aspiring young writers, Nick and Amy, in New York City. It’s written in first person by Amy who tells the back story with her diary up until a week before she disappears, and by Nick who tells the story, beginning with the day of her disappearance. Nick also tells of the events of their marriage years. After Amy disappears she continues to tell the story in present time. The third important character is Nick’s twin sister, Go (Margo), who is Nick’s “soul-mate,” totally devoted to Nick’s wellbeing.Nick and Amy were married in July 2007, shortly before the onset of the economic crash and recession which became full blown in 2008. It was showing no sign of letting up at the time of Amy’s disappearance in 2012. The details of this economic disaster, as it affected everyone in this story, are spelled out in considerable detail in the first twenty-five pages. Had this disaster not happened, presumably Nick, Amy and Go, in spite of some common personality issues, would have remained thriving happily in New York City.That is the important message of the book. Early in the marriage all three of them lost their jobs in New York City. Go was the first to be laid off from her investment banking position. She then moved back to Carthage, Missouri, where she and Nick had grown up. Then Nick was laid off from his writing job, and three weeks later Amy was laid off from her writing job (It’s interesting that around the same time, December, 2008, Gillian Flynn, the author, was laid off from her job at Entertainment Weekly). A little later, Go called Nick about their mother’s progressing illness. Nick made an instant decision for him and Amy to move out there. Nick, of course, was going back to his roots, whereas Amy was being completely uprooted. When they arrived at their home in Carthage Amy commented, “Should I remove my soul before I come inside?”Nick and Amy have certain personality flaws that play out in this distressing economic and social environment. Nick’s father was a women hater that he did not get along with. Nick’s mother, on the other hand, indulged Nick, going so far as to remove the crusts from his bread, even after he was married. Nick was very laid back, very much a “go with the flow” type of person. Amy, in contrast was an obsessive compulsive person, named Amy by her two psychologist parents who had written a children’s book series named “Amazing Amy.”In the final book of the series, Amazing Amy marries Able Andy. It seems that misplaced Amy struggles to match the perfection of her amazing namesake, while trying to upgrade “unable Nick” to Able Nick. It doesn’t work. In many ways, living back home in Carthage, Missouri, on the Mississippi River, works out better for Nick. Amy loans Nick and Go eighty thousand dollars from her trust fund to buy a bar. The twin soul-mates spend most days and evenings at the bar. Nick signs up to teach a writing course at the local college, and promptly has a torrid affair with one of his young students.As you can see, what we have on the day of the fifth anniversary is a marriage in serious trouble. Amy disappears! Was she abducted? Was the foul play real? Did Nick kill her? Did she leave on her own accord? These questions will be answered as this thriller takes the reader to an unusual ending.
This is a great book and don't miss it. It is wonderfully crafted and masterly dictated from the first person giving the reader a supreme insight into the characters.  They are not diamonds in the rough.  They are not misunderstood heroes.  They are not plastic TV characters.  They are real.  They have real problems, make mistakes and extraordinary things happen.  People have often said that fact is stranger than fiction, but in this case, fiction is such a twist that you feel it is fact.  Having read some of the reviews below, some people don't like the ending, but it's simply because they missed the point of the story and the characters.  It helps to read the other two books Flynn has crafted and one can understand better that she is not writing formulaic mystery where the protagonist goes through twists and traps and magically survives in the end peacefully going home.  These are dark novels that delve into the depths of human misery, but her writing makes these people come alive such that one could almost know that you met these people once before.The book narrates from the perspective of two people, the male and female couple in a marriage.  Life has not turned out the way they planned, life begins to change and then things take a severe left turn.  The reader is left glued to the pages waiting for each new twist that comes along and the characters continue to develop with the narration.  This book is full of surprises and it is unpredictable because it doesn't follow a common story line.  The story works very well contrasting the two characters and their lives aren't predictable, they are real.  While most books have us rooting for the hero to survive overwhelming odds in a American-style football game won at the last minute, there is no hero here.  I'm not quite sure what ending some of the reviewers here were wanting, but this one works very well for the story.  I won't give it away, but I'll say any other ending would diminish the power of the story.Although I didn't finish the book wiping the sweat from my brow and sighing in relief, I believe I left the book thinking about the story and it's ending for weeks if not months.  Not many books leave you with that kind of emotion and I can only applaud Flynn for her work.  It is definitely one of the best books I've read this year.  Many other ""thrillers"" or mysteries I have read with a movie-style ending are almost forgettable after I finish and reach for another.  Not so with this book as it will stay with me for some time and I eagerly await her next novel.
This book was one that blew my mind. There aren't many mystery books that I really get into, well okay this really isn't so much of a mystery as a psychological thriller. Nick and Amy are a gorgeous mess, and how you feel for the characters changes constantly. I found myself hating Nick and then feeling sorry for him then hating him again. This book just took my breath away and as many of you have read from my movie review, that won't be surprising.  Nick is an unemployed magazine writer, and just after the collapse of the journalism field, him and his wife are left reeling. Now I am not saying that they are hurting for money, but they are left with a lot of free time they don't know what to do with. Each have their own way of dealing with it, but it causes a strain on their marriage and Amy is just victimized (or is she?). I don't want to explain much about the two but I will explain what I think their personalities are:  Nick is used to being front and center, so he needs to be appreciated, and wants to be noticed. Time and time again he buys random things with Amy's credit cards. He isn't a womanizer, at least at first, I think as their marriage strains and pressure rises it rises into question. However what to take out of the whole bit is he loves Amy through their marriage, he just gets a bit bored. Nowadays that's common, but Nick doesn't go about it the moral or ethical way. Nick isn't perfect, and while he tries to appear perfect, I don't think he wants to be perfect.  On the other hand we have Amy. She's the only child of an overly wealthy family whose parents have written some good children books. They leave her with a trust fund that will pretty much settle Amy's lifestyle for good. However, Amy is constantly compared to those books, and even if she isn't known for being perfect, I think she tries her best to be perfect. She wants people to notice her and not her books, which may be saying too much. I love Amy, she's great and while she's almost the near polar opposite of Nick they fit together.  I wanted this book to be a mystery, but frankly it's pieces of a mystery that are thrown together around a thriller. How the story jumps between Nick and Amy's diary is fantastic at showing the present and the how Amy came up to being dead and resenting Nick. I love the story and while Nick isn't the best character, the way the story revolves around him, humanizing him makes the story so much better. There is a great twist, that I can't even touch, because it'd be a rather large thriller, I just hope you give the book a chance and read it.
On Christmas, I can always be sure that I will receive a book from my uncle, who is also a book fanatic like myself, and two years ago he gifted me Gone Girl. I was shocked that this is what he had picked for me, because he either sticks to the classics he knows I love or buys me a book he himself feels changed his life. This book did not fall into either one of those categories. Upon asking him about his seemingly impulsive buy, he revealed that he allowed his wife to pick out the book for me that year, as she had been wanting to do so for several years at that point but he had been hesitant to hand over the tradition. Peeked by the curiosity to know her taste in books, I immediately dove into the thriller.I am one who is easily scared. I don't do thrillers. I even avoid the song thriller if possible. But this book and it's structure was so intriguing that I couldn't help but continue to read on. In the beginning I was rather confused, but then as soon as the characters began to reveal themselves and the structure with which the book was written began to aid in the development of these characters, I was in awe of the genius of it all. I was living with my then boyfriend at the time, and even though it was night time and I am prone to nightmares, I continued to read the disturbing details of the plot late into the night. When the hour reached an reasonable hour in my mind for crime to begin, I woke my then boyfriend and made him stay awake with me and leave the light on as I dove deeper and deeper into the psychosis of this woman and her husband. Since I wasn't too horribly far into it and he was a very fast reader, we started from the beginning and read aloud to each other straight through the night, giving it the kind of sophisticated campfire ghost story quality it deserves.We both called in sick the next day to finish the book and then to obviously sleep for the rest of our lives. There were certainly parts that I would have left on the cutting room floor simply to make it shorter and flow a little better, but perhaps those sections were left it to allow our heart rates to return to normal and regain some semblance of calm again. Never have I been so interested in a book that I had to stay up all night and call in sick to work the next day to simply find out what happens in the end. Boy let me tell you that ending made the hair on my arms and neck stand on end.I hear that they are making a movie out of it soon which initially I was very excited about, but then upon realizing I am now separated from my ex that I will have to brave this thriller alone, and knowing Hollywood they will play on the demented and pathological aspects of the movie even more than Flynn did. But because I loved the book so much I will have to find a way to overcome it one my own.And by the way, my uncle's wife's taste in books now has my seal of approval based on this book.
Wow. Gone Girl is my new obsession. Despite being late to the Gone Girl train, I managed to avoid spoilers and still find myself completely invested in this absolutely brilliant novel by Gillian Flynn. I’m sure you’ve all heard of this thrilling book in which Nick Dunne’s wife Amy suddenly goes missing on the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary by now, but I couldn’t resist sharing my thoughts with you nonetheless.I typically avoid long books, and Gone Girl is a chunker at over 550 pages. The beginning was a bit slow at first, but once I hit around the 200 page mark, Gone Girl had completely taken over my life to the point where I couldn’t put the book down, and even carried it in my purse hoping to squeeze in a few pages whenever I got the chance. At the time of writing this review, it’s been two days since I completed the novel, yet I’m still thinking about it, and probably will be for a long time.I’m amazed at how Flynn has created the two unlikeable characters of Nick and Amy, but still manages to make me feel sorry for them. Nick and Amy both had difficult childhoods that shaped their personalities in different ways, and while neither of their actions are excusable, I still find it hard to find them totally despicable, or even annoying. It’s rare for me to read a book in which I don’t like the characters, but still enjoy their personas.Moreover, I am blown away by Flynn’s ability to craft a novel in the way she did. Without giving anything away in this spoiler-free review, suffice it to say that as the story developed, I was sitting there thinking “Brilliant!,” “Of course!,” and “Incredible!” at the amount of thought and detail put into the story. Flynn includes just the right amount of predictable to allow the reader to have an inkling of what’s going to happen, but still managing to stun and surprise at the same time. This is truly an impeccable piece of writing.As for the ending, though quite unsettling and a bit off-character, I find it the perfect ending to Gone Girl. While the ultimate “winner” is not desirable, I can only imagine how things will go for these characters in the future. Flynn instills the proper feeling of fear and apprehension in the reader as her intense and unbelievable novel comes to a close.If you were like me and waited to read Gone Girl, do yourself a favor and pick it up as soon as possible. I’ll be sure to read Flynn’s other works in the near future, and will certainly pick up anything else she releases going forward.
Amy Elliot is bright and beautiful and a successful magazine writer.  A newspaper writer Nicholas Dunne is charming and handsome. When the two meet at a party there’s instant chemistry. Amy and Nick fall in love and marry, just a few short years into the marriage, however, the fairy tale turns ugly.*Spoilers*I will start this review by saying that I came to this novel with few expectations. I didn't know anything about the plot because I prefer to know as little about a book as possible so that I may be surprised along the way.When Gone Girl turned into a movie I heard (from several sources) that the film was great. Then I said, “The book has got to be better” and man, was I right! Now, typically, I don’t read books written in first person, but Gone Girl was well worth the exception, I was thoroughly engrossed from the beginning.The book tells the story of a successful couple, Nick and Amy, whose lifestyle is transformed when – as a result of the recession – they both lose their jobs. When the couple moves back to Missouri to care for Nick’s ailing father the relationship turns sour. There are fights, mistrust, an affair and lies. Then when Amy goes missing and evidence points to foul play Nick’s the prime suspect.As part of my review I will echo what other reviewers have said:  Amy's character (and her parents) became impossible to believe. Amy is so charming and clever that no one ever questions her bizarre stories, not even her parents. Mom and Dad are well-educated psychologists and yet they fail to notice their own daughter’s mental illness?I will also say that the book was flawless right up until the moment Amy showed up at Nick’s doorstep. It annoyed me…after all the hiding, changing her appearance, living on the run, Amy simply waltz back into town (?). Adding to my disappointment was Desi’s unnecessary killing, Amy’s miraculous pregnancy, not to mention the absurd ending.Don’t get me wrong, I think the author is brilliant. Gone Girl was absorbing and gripping, and brimming with a myriad of controversial topics. The language was witty, the dialogue well-written, and the character voices were genuinely dramatic.Despite the few silly aspects of the story line, I still believe the book was fantastic; I give Gone Girl five stars.
When I started reading ""Gone Girl"" a few weeks ago, I considered myself about the last person on earth to be finally diving into this acclaimed story.  I hadn't seen the movie and hadn't had any spoilers.  I'm very glad I was able to come at the book from such an innocent perspective, as it turned into one of the best works of fiction I've read in my entire life.For a basic plot summary, ""Gone Girl"" sees Amy Dunne disappear from the home she and her husband Nick share.  The chapters of the book alternate between Amy's diary (which paint Nick as a nearly-abusive husband) and the police investigation, where Nick seems to be getting the raw end of the deal in the court of public opinion.  Yet, as Amy's diary entries continue, the viewers slowly learn that things are not nearly what they seem.What makes this book so great is that it is able to provide a complex, interesting plot AND introduce/develop wonderful characters.  Author Gillian Flynn is an absolute master at creating characters that feel real and believable.  She really understands the relationship dynamics between two young newlyweds, and how that relationship can change over time.In terms of the plot, I can't really say too much without giving things away (and this is a book filled with twists and turns, so I don't want to rob you of those great moments!), but I will say that it is complex in the best possible way.  It moves forward at pretty good speed, yet still manages to contain layers of emotional complexity.  A truly great combination of ""need to turn the next page"" action and deep character studies.There is relationship proverb that I really like which states that ""all women are afraid their husbands/boyfriends are cheaters, while all men are afraid their wives/girlfriends are crazy"".  Those dynamics are truly the crux upon which ""Gone Girl"" is based.
Honestly, this book deserves more than 5 stars. Absolutely astounding. I decided to take a break from my infinite string of YA fiction to read this thriller/mystery/suspense gem of a novel, and thank God I did – I was blown away.""Gone Girl"" started out like many other mysteries I’d read and seen on TV: girl goes missing, hubby is the suspect, chaos ensues until girl escapes/is rescued by cops/is found dead. From the very beginning, I despised Nick, which is hilarious because in almost every novel I read, I end up falling for the male character (yes, even when they’re not-so-good). When I thought Nick was innocent, when I thought he was guilty, when I wasn’t quite sure anymore – through all that, I just didn’t like Nick. I started out loving Amy, then hating her, then admiring her, then just not sure about her anymore. To be honest, I had mixed emotions about the married couple. Amy and Nick, Nick and Amy...who is guilty? Who is innocent? What even IS this book?Seriously though, this story took so many different twists and turns, I could barely keep up. It shifted from “typical-mystery” novel to “what-the-hell-is-this, what-is-life” novel. The writing was flawless, the story was unique, the characters were complex…everything about this novel blew my mind. This is probably the best book I’ve read all year. Definitely one of my all-time favorites, that’s for sure. Flynn’s novel kept me on the edge of my seat, heart pounding, furiously flipping page to page, eager to figure this story out.Lev Grossman from Time wrote in his review that “Gone Girl begins as a whodunit, but by the end it will have you wondering whether there’s any such thing as a who at all” and I couldn’t have said it better myself.
The recent release of the film version of Gillian Flynn’s thriller Gone Girl, finally provided me with a sound excuse to maneuver the book from my absurdly long “highly recommended” list to a coveted spot on my lovingly curated “currently reading” list. (I have a standing rule not to see a film based on a book before first reading the book, and the casting, interviews and early reviews of this particular film adaptation definitely piqued my interest.)The book tells the story of Nick and Amy Dunne and the immediate aftermath of Amy’s disappearance on the couple’s fifth wedding anniversary. We hear from both Nick (as the story unfolds from his perspective) and Amy (through compelling diary entries), and as the action intensifies one fact becomes increasingly clear… we are dealing with at least one unreliable narrator. It becomes a game of discovery trying to sort out the truth behind the story we are being told.Amy’s disappearance is just the beginning of the mystery, and with the police, the media and Amy’s famous parents all closing in, Nick’s imperfect past takes him from golden boy to prime suspect. With the help of his sister Margo he tries to solve the puzzle of his wife’s grand disappearance by following the clues she left behind, but by doing so he might just be handing over the evidence that will prove he killed his wife.This has to be one of the most deeply disturbing books I've ever read. Disturbing, but aching and haunting and enchanting and fu#&%ed up and really a masterpiece of fiction. I found it insightful, and thoughtful, but more than anything uncomfortable to read. There was this nail-biting sense of not knowing who to root for and wanting things to go differently, always to go differently. And being willing to live with feeling uncomfortable. Unable to turn away from the approaching train wreck, unable to put it down. I devoured the 444 pages between meals and play time with my nephew and sleep and the whole time part of me wanted to just hurry up and be done with it so that uncomfortable, not quite right feeling would go away.I immediately felt like I needed to read something to get it out of my mind, something nice and happy like Harry Potter.. stat. But I know it's one of those books that will stick with me, haunt me, be a part of me in the strange way that some books just do and I admire her Flynn for it.It's masterful really. It's astonishing to me that an author can write in such a way that can make me feel that way. And it definitely made me want to be a better writer. It was lyrical, but lewd, witty, charming, brilliant, but so disturbing; and these things should not be able to fit together. I don't know how she did it. Even the structure of the the thing was genius. Not knowing who to trust and then knowing and still not knowing who to root for and then finally knowing how you want it to end, whose side you are on just to have the rug pulled from beneath you. Not enough to make you bleed, but to startle you, hurt your pride, make you feel wronged. Remember it.I wonder how I'll feel after I sit with it a few more days. Let it soak into my skin and my brain more. I wonder if I should tarnish the memory of the book by seeing the film. I wonder if it could possibly unsettle me more or less. And I love the idea that I have just read a book that makes me do so much wondering.This review originally appeared on Aurelia { Lit }
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn was published in June 2012. My overall response after reading it recently was she has raised the benchmark for the mystery-thriller genre to a literary level. At its heart, the story examines the inner workings and underpinnings of relationships. Gone Girl is a dissection of one of the most complex of human relationships--the psychological warfare played out on the battlefield known as marriage.This is a He said-She said story ripe with ironies and lies. Gillian Flynn alternates her dual first-person narration between husband and wife Nick and Amy Dunne. Each point of view is unique and searing--one male, the other female. The delicate balance between the spoken and the unspoken is laid bare in their thoughts. Anyone who was ever in a dysfunctional relationship will hear echoes of their own interior monologue resonate through the words of these characters.The couple's unapologetic and unrepentant narratives reveal their deep-seated psychological motivations and justifications for their corrosive actions. The primal forces have been transgressed and someone must be punished. But who? While Nick is following the algebra of Amy's thinly disguised anniversary riddles, Amy is dishing out the calculus for his punishment. The reader is left to do the math.I especially like Flynn's use of realistic language to depict authentic human interaction. When used, the coarse language gives the rest of the work a distinct air of verisimilitude. Lesser authors would have softened their use of blue language and gender invective in favor of being less offensive to readers--but there is plenty of pablum-puking fiction around to satisfy those tastes. Amy Dunne's cool girl soliloquy is a classic that tears down both men and women and the games we play to be a part of a relationship. Jillian Flynn's novel Gone Girl is emblematic of its age.
While I'm sure my review will get lost in the other 40,000 or so reviews, I felt the need to express my thoughts about the book Gone Girl.  When the book first came out and I read positive articles about it in Entertainment Weekly, I felt like they were giving their former writer a huge marketing push.  It seemed excessive and that had Gillian Flynn not had friends still at the magazine, she never would have gotten such press.  From that came the huge sales boom of the book and the movie deal.  I had seen this before with Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code and, more recently, E.L. James' god-awful Fifty Shades of Grey.  Of course, that didn't stop me from wanting to see the movie starring Ben Affleck when it came out in theaters.  That whole time period, I turned a blind eye toward anything that would remotely provide any spoilers to the ""big mystery,"" so when I finally saw the movie, I was definitely surprised (and completely satisfied) by the twists and turns the story took.So after seeing the movie and hearing from friends that the book had even more details about the story (and was darker), I picked up a copy and was immediately drawn into the web of Nick and Amy.  Now I realize that all of the accolades Gillian Flynn was receiving for the book were not untrue.  She is an exceptional writer.  Her descriptive text and character development were spot-on.  Never was I bored, and every word I read seemed completely integral to the story.  I'm usually not a fan of books that alternate the point of view, but Gone Girl is a case where this literary device was used perfectly.  Alternating the point of view between Nick and Amy only added to the suspense.  And never once was I confused as to whose point of view it was or who was thinking or speaking.  That's the sign of a great writer.  The characters were so well-defined.  Scarily so.  There are books where you love the characters and books where you hate the characters.  In this case, you love to hate the characters.With Gone Girl behind me, I've picked up Flynn's previous novels.  She has a great talent and I look forward to immersing myself in the worlds she's created.
I loved this book and I am not a murder mystery fan.  Then again, this book purports to be about a possible murder and it is in more ways than one.  Now that I'm thinking about this review, I am finding it difficult to talk about the book without giving something away and I definitely don't want to do that.  This book is so well written and so clever and so well thought out by the author and one of the characters that I found it mesmerizing.  This is some great storytelling!  This would make a great movie if it were well done.I found myself thinking about marriage and what makes them work--or not.  My daughter recently told me how much she loves her husband and how she works to make their marriage work.  She is willing to overlook things, to forgive, to look for the good things and to be willing to work hard to find the good and the happy things and she recommits to that idea every single day.  She strives to be happy.  She makes it a commitment for herself, her husband and her family.  In this book, the couple became complacent as so many of us do and things become untenable for both parties but they dealt with it in very different ways.This book also presents the reader with a character whose single minded determination and sheer will to make the marriage what she thought she had been promised with the end justifying the means.  She becomes the worst version of herself in all her psychotic ""madness"".  Her husband took a different and much more conventional approach.  In the end, I suspect they both won and they both lost.  You'll have to be the judge.The ending quite surprised me.  I'll have to leave it at that but the characters explain their decisions and in the context of their characters, it made a certain kind of sense.I've heard that the author's other two books were no where near as good as this one.  I'll just have to wait for the next one and hopefully there WILL BE a next one!  In the meantime...have fun with this book because you most certainly will.
A frighteningly good masterpiece and a modern-day cautionary tale of our society’s illnesses.  I think that those who didn’t like the ending or who are giving it poor reviews should consider that it’s supposed to make you feel uncomfortable and make you think.  And it is definitely thought-provoking – as is evident by the thousands of reviews.  I think that this book is a fantastic look and mirror of what we hold dear and worship in our current culture.  Every single character in this story is implicated and plays a role in the tragedy, from the main characters, to the media, the economy and even the small town in Missouri has it’s place.  And everyone has their flaws, their darkness and shortcomings examined.  It is not a feel good book because it holds a mirror up to our flaws and prejudices and shows them exactly as they are and begs the question of whether there is more to us.Did I wish for a different ending?  Yes, part of my brain continues to search for alternative ways that the characters could have resolved things.  But the ending Flynn gave us is more gut-wrenching and makes you yearn for something better for the characters.  And that feeling of wanting to do better is a nobly-inspired one.  I’m sure that Gillian Flynn didn’t set out to write a lecture on these subjects and if she had tried, I doubt it would have been as effective as this superbly entertaining story.  One reviewer wrote that it left her loving her “mediocre” life and grateful for her life’s simple challenges.The start of the book pulls you into a cozy sense of familiarity with ideas that you find yourself agreeing with and relating to.  You sympathize with both characters and then the wickedly brilliant twist in the story leaves you reeling and makes you question everything including your own ideas.Gillian Flynn puts forth so many questions and themes and threads them into an endlessly entertaining and well-written plot.  And she discusses them in such frank and honest terms.  I feel like she has really touched upon a very painful nerve in our society that definitely needs some attention.  Themes such as the expectation of women to be perfect or at least look it.  It blows the lid off of so many of our out-dated and tightly-held beliefs and expectations and pulls them out by the roots for examination in all their ugliness.Amy is the personification of this ideal woman that we are all subconsciously and in some cases, not so subtly, taught to aspire to.  And so you have to ask yourself, is she a victim of the demands placed on her or a perpetrator, or both?Was there ever hope for these characters?  Are they redeemable?  Both show moments of vulnerability and humanity, hoping to be loved and saved.  Do they deserve each other?  They both are flawed and share a consistent thought stream of criticisms for each other and others.I also think that the alternating biased narratives do an amazing job of showing the two different perspectives of the same events and how, initially, each of them is unintentionally blind to the other person’s point of view and confusion.**Spoiler**There is a part of me that was really rooting for Amy and Nick but as the novel progresses it becomes clear that their choices makes true reconciliation/redemption practically impossible. The complexity of the novel lies in the question of blame.  Does each of the characters have a part of the play in this tragedy?  Was Nick truly lazy and neglectful?  Did he fail his wife in the moment when there was still a chance to save her?  Was Amy savable?  Is she really just a monster or a wounded girl that never learned to connect with others because she was taught to live behind a perfect veneer that society and her parents applauded her for?That is another theme that I love about this book.  That perfection is not only unnatural but dangerous and our mutual expectation and striving for it is the root of our suffering.And the pressure to appear perfect has never been so prevalent in our air-brushed, PR society.  What woman hasn’t asked herself why she can’t be a Martha Stewart/swimsuit model/career woman all in one? And doesn’t advertising promise to tell us how we can?  What does it really all lead to?  Happiness? That is why I thank and applaud Gillian Flynn for giving us a platform to explore these ideas and their ugliness.
Gone Girl is a mystery/thriller novel about a women who goes missing on the day of her fifth wedding anniversary. The clues seem to point to a murder by her husband, but things don’t seem to be adding up.Yes, yes, yes! THIS is the book that I have been so desperately waiting for. It’s been a long time since I’ve read a book that completely consumed me from beginning to end. I kept saying to myself, just one more chapter…okay maybe just one more… This was literally a book I couldn’t put down. I read all 400+ pages in less than a day. I usually guess the endings to books, but this one had me blindsided at each and every turn!The chapters go back and forth between the husband and wife’s perspective. At first the marriage seems pretty normal, with just some slight troubles. As the book goes on, Flynn expertly peels back the many layers to this complex story. You start to realize how bizarre and messed up their marriage really was. You think that you know who to trust and what’s going on, but that kept changing throughout the story. Also, I thought that the characters were relatable on the surface level—even though you may not want to relate to any of them. Each chapter had me surprised and wanting to read more.I don’t want to say too much about this book, because it is better the less you know going into it. All you need to know is that it is disturbingly haunting, yet intriguing. I am planning on watching the movie version now, but I assume that it will not come anywhere near as epic as this novel. I also just added all of Flynn’s other novels to my “must read” list.Read the rest of my review at http://judgingmorethanjustthecover.blogspot.com/2015/02/gone-girl-gillian-flynn.html
I read a lot of the one star reviews before writing this, just to find out what the negative viewpoints were. Many of these reviewers complained that the characters were unlikeable and the ending was dissatisfying. Both of these things are true, in my opinion, but this does not diminish the power of the novel--It was intentional, duh... You were MEANT to dislike the characters. The ending was MEANT to be disturbing. If that bothers you, then so be it. It is over your head.(There is, of course, the issue of the rapid in vitro fertilization near the end. Maybe it wouldn't have played out precisely that way in real life. As a scientist, I agree that this aspect of the plot was a little bit contrived. But what novel doesn't ask for at least a little bit of suspension of disbelief?)Frankly, I think Gone Girl is one of the best suspense novels I have read in a really, really long time. I am an avid reader of this genre, so I am surprised that I hadn't stumbled upon this earlier.  I heard about it from an Amazon review about ""Girl on the Train"", which I also highly recommend. I can only offer additional superlatives about Gone Girl: fantastic, spell-binding, slick, deliciously devilish, sick, frightening--but entertaining from start to end. Not a page wasted. I absolutely LOVED this book! I didn't want it to end.I would give it 10 stars if I could. I just don't see how Ms. Flynn could possibly top this exceptional, incredibly original novel. I sincerely hope that she can, though. If not, it will certainly stand out as a masterpiece, kind of like Thomas Harris'""The silence of the lambs."" Two very different tales/themes, but similar in stature I think. I am reluctant to view the motion picture because it couldn't possibly do justice to the novel, which is too complex and rich with detail to be accurately captured on the screen.Congratulations Ms. Flynn. You have written a masterpiece of a novel.
This was an excellent read and I highly recommend it. Gillian Flynn is no stranger to mystery and suspense writing and Gone Girl is one of her best.  It was full of twists and plot  turns and sheer cliffs! The characters are well developed to the point where you almost know how they would react in any given situation.  The story revolves around an out of work young couple returning to his home town to look after aging parents and to open a bar with his sister.  Sounds mediocre until you note that Amy is the angry wife who mirrors herself to be what she thinks others want and a husband  who wields his good looks and charm as a weapon. The honeymoon is over and Nick and Amy see each other as they truly are.  Their 5th anniversary dawns and Nick discovers his wife is missing leaving some very disturbing clues and a husband who seems to be more relieved than pained. I found myself changing allegiance between the two major characters, Nick and Amy, so many times until I finally woke up to the idea that both these narcissistic people deserved each other!!The character of the female police detective was interesting.  She never took anything at face value as her partner was want to do.  At times she seemed to support Nick and believe in him almost to the point of maybe falling for his boyish good looks and charm, all the while diligently laying down the basis of the case. Amy's parents are distraught that their daughter and subject of the popular ""Amazing Amy"" books has vanished but at the same time they see an opportunity for the books that have been waning in popularity to pick up sales and bolster their dwindling funds.At the end of the book I found myself breathing a sigh of relief that these characters were just  fictional as I wouldn't turn my back to either of them.  I didn't catch the movie when it came out, but I'm more than ready to see how it translated to the the screen.
There is enough hype surrounding this novel that has already come and gone that the world hardly needs yet another voice volunteering comment. Many who skipped over the book have probably seen Fincher's film by this point (BECAUSE THEY JUST LOVED GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO BLAAEEHEHRRG), so Gone Girl might be, to some, very much 'last year's news,' or even, '2012's news.'That said, I picked up a like-new copy at a thrift store for fifty cents in December—at which time I knew very little about the story other than that it was some sort of mystery and had appeared on zillions of “Best of” lists in 2012—and felt compelled to give it a shot. I stepped into the story blessedly spoiler-free, more by glad happenstance than intention.All of the useless banter above was to lead to this: I absolutely loved Gone Girl, as much as one can love a story that is horrific in nature. This may sound like an exaggeration, but it's one of the strongest, most tightly-crafted pieces of writing I have read in a long time; a true 10 out of 10, in my opinion (not that ratings mean very much these days, or ever).Apart from the fact that it has a number of sharp, unexpected turns that leave the reader sitting up in bed and exclaiming, “What the hell?!?” Gone Girl has a balanced measure of literary and crime thriller elements. The first third of the book is an affecting story of a marriage unraveling. Despite revelations later in the book regarding that section (Amy's diary being a sham), the falling apart of Nick and Amy felt authentic and heartbreaking. In the second section, everything changes when we find out not only is Amy alive, but she is not who we thought she was (meaning, she's one sinister bitch). Section three should not work for as zany as the story turns, but it does, and man oh man, does it hit hard.Coming down to the last ten or fifteen pages of the book, I was racing down the lines on the page because I just had no idea how it would finish, and was so anxious to see if Amy got what she deserved. Nick is no saint, but by the end I was rooting for him, which is what makes the ending such a stinger. I am curious how many other readers across time and space shared my experience of closing this book and saying aloud, “Man, that is f*cked up.”Gillian Flynn is a fantastic talent and I am glad she has been recognized in such a big way. I've been told by a few reader friends that her earlier works, Dark Places and Sharp Objects, are even more demented than Gone Girl. Sounds right up my alley.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is about identity and how purposefully mutable it can be for those who have been denied a stable self.  The central characters in the book, Nick and Amy Dunne, are a likely couple from strikingly different backgrounds.  When all is said and done, however, it's not clear whose background is more genuinely advantaged and whose is more crippling.Amy is the eighth-try's-a-charm daughter of a determinedly civilized, upper middle class pair of child psychologists.  After five miscarriages and two still births, Amy comes through hale, hearty, and precociously brilliant, though her birth leaves her mother barren.  Nevertheless, Amy is repeatedly reborn in successive age-related editions of a best-selling book with the intimidating title of Amazing Amy.  Amy herself develops into a wonder:  beautiful, poised, the brightest of the bright, a high achiever by any measure, unless we include the standard set by her parents' book-bound, perfect-by-design Amazing Amy.However impressive the attainments of flesh-and-blood Amy, she occasionally makes mistakes.  Instructively, ink-besotted Amazing Amy is keenly attuned to these errors, however understandable and inconsequential, and page after page she does everything exactly right.  It's as if best-selling, money-producing Amazing Amy is following the real Amy around and showing her up at every turn.  Besides, Amy's parents aren't wealthy because of Amy, but because of the faultless, polished, robotically correct, even if fictional, Amazing Amy.  Her parents use Amy as a sounding board, demolish her real-life qualities and achievements in the process, and all Amy gets is an Ivy League education, a trust fund they can easily afford, and inculcation with the judgment that she never quite measures up, she's not who she should be.Nick is from a working class family, and has a twin sister who is an unassuming source of common sense and stability.  Nick's  father and mother are nothing like Amy's parents with their sublime closeness and late-in-life yuppie good looks and affectations.  Nick's father is consumed with an always-angry misogyny, and his early-onset Alzheimer's exaggerates that all-consuming quality.  Nick's mother is a salt-of-the-earth working woman who is dying of cancer, but she takes things one day at a time and is a truly admirable model of grace in distress.Whatever the differences in their backgrounds, through the first two years of their marriage Nick and Amy do a pretty good approximation of a perfectly happy couple.  The next two years, however, are a time of reckoning.  Amy becomes fed up with being Cool Girl and Cool Wife whose wit, charm, and wisdom  are always in play to entertain Nick.  Nick likes the fact that he doesn't have to think quite so much to satisfactorily complement Amy's on-stage cleverness, but he also wonders what happened to the happy, funny, upbeat woman he married.  Has he failed to measure up?Then the 2008 recession arrives, and in short order first Amy and then Nick are unemployed.  They move from New York to Missouri to help care for Nick's debilitated parents, and Nick borrows eighty thousand dollars from Amy's trust fund so that he and his sister can buy a bar.  The bar is the couple's sole source of income.  And they surely need an income because the most recent editions of Amazing Amy have gone bust, and all the while Amy's parents kept spending as if the books were selling like all the earlier editions.  Their parasitic dependence on Amy becomes outrageously explicit when they borrow most of what remains of Amy's trust fund to get out of debt.By now, flesh-and-blood Amy hasn't been her old self for four years.  She's not the woman Nick married, and she becomes more and more indifferent, nasty, cold, snarky, and increasingly difficult to be married to.  She's not Cool Girl or Cool Wife but angrily Dissatisfied Domestic.  Cool Girl and Cool Wife may have been fabrications, but Dissatisfied Domestic is miserable, and she inflicts a similar sort of discomfort on those around her.By the time Amy decides to pull together a more pleasant self and surprise Nick with the newly animated, energized, and witty Amy, much like the one he married, too much has gone wrong, or at least that's Amy's unforeseen conclusion.  To the Devil with Cool Girl, Cool Wife, and Dissatisfied Domestic!  Amy becomes the Goddess of Vengeance!  With preternatural patience, she lays the groundwork, and when she puts it all into action, Nick is a murder suspect, and just about everyone believes he's guilty.Throughout it all, Nick is a pretty one-dimensional, predictable, easygoing guy.  Even after he's charged with murder he behaves like one might expect his sort of bright but essentially ordinary man to behave.Amy's brilliantly wrought plans work perfectly for a time, but then they go awry.  Even Amy couldn't foresee everything.  But so what?  She always has a backup plan even if she thought it up just seconds ago, and she can change herself into whatever she has to be to get by.  Her mutability and audacity seem limitless.Gone Girl is an extremely interesting and well written book loaded with astonishing surprises.  The key to its success is Amy's never-say-die ability to transform herself into whomever it's useful to be for the time being.  She's a woman without a stable self, unless we count being pathologically unwilling to lose or to suffer a wrong without striking back in an endless variety of ingenious and devastating ways.  The real life Amy is truly Amazing, and the conclusion of Gone Girl is perfectly fitting.  I wonder why she didn't use her remarkable capabilities to shake off Dissatisfied Domestic in a more conventional way, long before the damage was done.  But she's tired of acting.  So now what?
This is the first book of Gillian Flynn's that I have read. At first I wasn't sure if I was going to like it because her author style is very different to what I am used to, but by about the fourth chapter I was hooked and desperate to find out what happened to Amy Dunne. The story is focused around two main characters, Amy and Nick Dunne, a married couple in their thirties about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary when Amy suddenly vanishes without a trace. From the very beginning Flynn lets us know that the Dunne's marriage was far from perfect, but does that mean that Nick would go so far as to kill his wife? The press certainly think so. The police certainly think so. Hell at some stage even Nick's twin sister, Go, and Amy's parents, Rand and Marybeth, begin to think so. The only clues Nick has to help him find Amy is a series of hand-written clues that Amy left for him before her disappearance. The clues are for a treasure hunt (an anniversary tradition) designed to lead Nick to his fifth anniversary present. Each clue has been hand-written by Amy and each one cryptically describes a place of significance that the couple have visited within the last year. Is Amy still alive? Is Nick secretly guilty of murdering his wife? And if not will he be able to find her before the police arrest him for her murder? Believe it or not I was so keen to find out that I actually read the last 260 pages in one sitting (something I rarely do) just so I could discover what happened to Amy Dunne. In my opinion Gone Girl is a real page turner and you will not be disappointed by the many twists and turns that the book takes along the way. Flynn weaves a good yarn interlaced with suspense even a tinge of humour. I look forward to starting Dark Places very soon.
Gone Girl is neither.  She isn’t gone, and she certainly is not a girl.  Amy and Nick are the joint protagonists in this absorbing thriller, but they are more like antagonists to each other.  This book is written in alternating sequences of “Amy” and then “Nick”, so you get sort of a see-saw story somewhat akin to ‘he said, she said”.  The author has a way of telling a story by using such vivid descriptors that he captivates you in curiosity.  The curiosity really is a large question mark that is like this: “How on this earth can this twisted story have ANY ending?”  Amy and Nick both lose their jobs in trendy New York where they both work in the writing world of journalism and fiction story telling.  Their life soon becomes what they write about when they move back to his boyhood home in Missouri, away from Amy’s sheltered, genteel life in New York.  They become resentful of one another, and their true characters begin to unravel as money troubles, deaths in the family, and infidelity assault them in a place that Amy doesn’t really wish to be.  Their true characters as it turns out are full of venomous deceit, and they are both more than capable of weaving falsehood into every corner of their lives.  She goes missing; did he kill her?  She is vengeful, and really is framing him to make him look like a murderer in order to punish him.  The story whizzes by in a whirlwind of revelation after revelation into the truth of what really happened on their fifth anniversary when she went missing.  Not an edifying story for sure, but a fascinating read about how twisted minds are able to function in the real world.  Great images such as “media buzzing around like restless locusts” brings this story out in living, vital color, which is captivating reading, but not necessarily edifying.
I had no intentions of buying this book but started reading the sample and was hooked. Before purchasing it I read a lot of reviews, good and bad, and this review answers, in part, some of the criticism I read in other reviews.For me this book was incredibly well paced from start to finish. Despite having guessed from the outset what had happened the continued revelations from and about the characters kept me glued to the pages.As some reviewers have pointed out there is bad language but for me it helped solidify the type of characters I was reading about and I didn't notice it once having encountered it for the first time.What I loved most about this book was these characters are both really very flawed and yet are so well written that I ended up rooting for both of them at different times despite being under no illusion as to what they were. The book itself was written like a love affair. At the outset these characters are wonderful, people that although flawed you could fall in love with. By the end I knew what they were like and yet, having come to know them so well at the start I couldn't entirely dislike either of them. Very Hitchcock.I loved the ending. It isn't a Hollywood ending and I can understand why some people found it off putting. For me though I found it very real, something that the story was always building towards and exactly in keeping with the characters. It could happen that way and as such I think I will always just occasionally wonder what happened to these characters after I finished the book.I haven't seen the film and I don't intend to. I loved the book too much. I can understand why it isn't for everyone though. But if you love a good ride with some very twisted characters you should read it. This is Hitchcock all the way.
Review by: Victoria NolanNick and Amy are writers who live in New York City and are seemingly perfect. Once both their careers reach a halt, they reverse their lives by moving back to his small town roots. This leaves Nick, a mysterious guy with a rocky past, and Amy, a rich city girl gone to relative poverty, in a numb marriage when they stop communicating about it all. When she mysteriously disappears on their 5th wedding anniversary, he is the prime suspect for her murder. Half of the book is a narrative from his perspective and suggests his innocence, of being much more than a womanizer with poor social skills and too much handsomeness to handle. However, the second narrator is a diary that the disappeared wife kept, in which it is strongly suggested that he's a violent man she had reason to fear.Flynn, the author, articulates the grimmest and most gloomy picture of modern American middle class marriage. The points and details described in the reading left me wondering what sparked the inspiration for this compelling novel. The main characters depict to be empty and shallow people, who express this characterization through their own twisted thoughts and actions. During a press conference over his missing wife, Nick thinks, “My longtime response, the need to remind people I wasn’t a d**k, I was a nice guy despite the affectless stare, the haughty, douchebag face. So there it came, out of nowhere, as Rand begged for his daughter’s return: a killer smile” (Flynn, 64). It appears that the two appear to have married without really knowing or loving each other.  When their marriage cracked and faded, rather than confronting it or separating, they chose to live in an empty relationship where they pretend to be what they wish they were.Overall, while reading I’d have to say the beginning of the book starts off really slow. For people who generally hate starting new books, like me, this could be an issue. However, don’t let that stop you because all of that background and character development is NECESSARY! The story will evolve and climax into so many twists and turns it will leave you with questions that can only be answered by reading on. I can honestly say this is one of the most thrilling books I have read and highly recommend it for someone looking for a mystifying, thrilling, and compelling story.
After reading Gone Girl, I must say that Gillian Flynn is a literary genius. I adored the book. This novel is perfect for a reader who loves a thrilling tale. You will constantly be on the edge of your seat while you try to figure out who kidnapped the beautiful Amy Dunne, or if her husband Nick is guilty. Constant questions will flow through your mind as to who is to blame, almost like a game of Clue. Interest is never lost because you have to constantly glue together pieces of a puzzle to figure out how Amy disappeared.  What I love most about Flynn's writing style is that she makes the characters and settings very relatable. Most people wouldn't think they'd be able  to relate to a woman who's missing or a man whose wife disappeared, but they are in for a shocking surprise. Gillian shows trials and tribulations that are commonly found in relationships of everyday people. I was able to connect with Amy when she spoke about her love issues with Nick. These relations allow the reader to really transport into the book and invest themselves completely. Although, this also allowed me to feel much more betrayed by Amy once we found out her ""dirty little secret"". You become so close to Amy, almost physically feeling the pain that she went through. Once you realize it is all a lie, you feel as though everything that you discovered about the young couple is untrue.  A unique quality of this book is that the story is told from two different points of view. You get Nick's perspective that is told in present day, and Amy's diary entries that tell of her past with Nick. You will come to notice that sometimes the stories don't match up, so you must figure out who is telling the truth. I adore how this book doesn't make you feel like you're just reading. It makes you feel as though you're solving a crime. This novel sets you up to think that Amy is the ""damsel in distress"" in this situation, when in reality she's a psychotic mastermind.  Now to mention the plot twist once you read to Part Two. To say I was shocked is an understatement in its truest form. I physically threw the book at the wall out of frustration (It  is a very thick book too). After reading, I became extremely paranoid. I found myself losing trust in everyday life due to the fact that I felt deceived by Amy Dunne. Flynn knew the perfect way to build you up with 215 pages of careless facts and shocking events. She wrote in a way that made you jump out of your seat faster than you could turn the page once you hit the main plot twist of the story. Even the ending leaves you craving more, wondering if there is more to the story than Nick living unhappily ever after with his manic wife. You even begin to wonder if Amy will end up killing Nick. The story states, ""'My gosh, Nick, why are you so wonderful to me?' He was supposed to say: You deserve it. I love you. But he said, 'Because I feel sorry for you.' 'Why?' 'Because every morning you have to wake up and be you.' I really, truly wish he hadn't said that."" I definitely recommend Gone Girl to everyone who wants to read it. It makes you re-think the definition of ""psycho"". My only disclaimer is that there are a couple graphic scenes and some foul language. If you find this bothersome then I do not believe this book is for you. However, the overall story is excitingly attention-grabbing. Most people are deceived by the title of the story, claiming it sounds ""girly"". This novel is for people of every gender, so I believe males would love it too. Bury your nose into Gone Girl because I guarantee you will not put it down. Prepare yourself for a rollercoaster ride of feelings and questions.
Husband and wife. Kidnapper and hostage. Killer and victim. Innocent man and evil mastermind. Which is correct? One, none, or all of these possibilities could be true. In Gone Girl, the reader never really knows the answer. I have never questioned myself so much as I did reading this book. Readers must second guess everything. Every little detail is important. Key elements can be as small as a smile, a word, or an action. The reader may realize that something is off, but not fully understand it from pages to chapters later. I found myself wondering why did he smile? or why did he lie? Some of these little hints are insignificant, but many are not. A single line can change the mood of an entire paragraph. The back-and-forth nature of the writing is fascinating, and guaranteed to capture the attention of eager, avid readers. This novel is positively edge-of-your-seat, nail-biting torture. Every plot twist is a complete blindside. The phrase “expect the unexpected” has never been so relevant. Odds are, if you think you have it figured out, you are wrong. Many conspiracy theories are contrived in the process. The way the author shows the difference between Amy and Nick makes the characters all the more real—over time, their development is shown in the writing style. Words in Amy’s diary become more desperate, until the reader finally understands her character. Nick becomes paranoid, anxious, as if something is always waiting around the corner. The characters are both so different yet so alike. One quote from Nick that struck me was, “There’s something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.” That specific line shows the difference between the two characters—and honestly, their relationship. The line is relatable, but makes readers somewhat uncomfortable. The plot twists in the book will have you reading until 2 o’clock in the morning. Personally I slept about 4 hours the night I hit part II in the book. My only complaint is that Gone Girl starts off very slow. For readers who have trouble with this, power through the pain. It is not so far into the book that the characters become, well, crazy. Anyone who has read it will tell you the same thing. I read this for a book club in English class, and every person in my group had the same thing happen—we agreed to stop right before part II, but none of us actually did because we were so engrossed in the story.Readers relate to the characters in ways that are somewhat disturbing. The two points of views, past and present, are absolutely compelling. Even the side characters have personalities so vivid they seem to jump off the page. The story is so real; it’s hard to believe it is fictional, even with the wild scenarios that take place. The modern input of the recession and the impact technology has had on the world make it even easier to connect. The author pulls the reader in with an impossible story that is absolutely irrational in every way until it finally all comes together.10/10. Definitely for mature readers, as the book includes mature content.
Gone Girl goes far and beyond the limits, pushing the envelope in exploring the remote possibilities of what can happen in a very messed up marriage.Amy Elliott comes off as a girl who is viewed as a ‘Tomboy’.  She’s a vulgar, down to earth, tell it like it is without sugar-coating a word type girl.  Nick Dunne is a handsome, semi-hard-working, likes to hang with the guys, mostly without the wife kind of guy.  Who just happens to be best friends with his twin sister, Margo or ‘Go’.The first section of the book draws the reader a picture of the marriage in the beginning.  Both Nick and Amy are writers; Amy the center of a book series about ‘herself’ called Amazing Amy.  Nick is a newspaper columnist.  Happy, romantic, healthy newlyweds they are until the bottom drops out and unexpected things happen.First, they both lose their jobs, then Nick’s mother develops terminal cancer, forcing them to relocate in order to help his sister Go care for her.  Finally, adding insult to injury, Amy’s trust fund from Amazing Amy is suddenly relinquished to her parents, who have run into serious and irreversible financial despair.Before the Elliott’s money troubles come into light, Amy fronts the money for Nick and Go to open a bar, leaving Amy with nothing but their cat Bleecker and too much time on her hands.While Nick is at The Bar, teaching part-time and hanging with his friends, Amy remains holed up in their house, seemingly obsessing over the little things; Nick didn’t pay enough attention to me this morning, Nick didn’t take out the trash, Nick didn’t do this, Nick didn’t do that…..until one day Nick gets a phone call from a neighbour, reporting that their house has been abandoned, and the door is left wide open.At first it would seem that she just left him, given her plethora of reasons to.  But when the supposed crime scene is revealed, many eyebrows lift.In the second section of the book, the reader learns….and subsequently learns to hate…..Nick.  We’ve already discovered he’s an imperfect husband.  Although, one would also point out that Amy seems to be a drama queen and severely nit-picky.  But we soon discover all the other things that he’s done that he thinks his wife didn’t know about.The twists and turns in this book were incredibly well laid out.  Nick’s character is, as he admits himself, indifferent.  He doesn’t fit the part of being a victimized husband, who is grieving over his missing and presumed dead wife.  Cold, inconvenienced and pasting on a frown is more what he is.  But we start to ask ourselves: does that make him a killer?The author does a tremendous job pacing this story and giving the characters the voices they need to elaborate their plight.  Done in first person, both Amy and Nick tell their sides of the story in diary-like formation that captivates, manipulates and keeps the reader guessing until the end.
I thought the hype was too much. I've isolated myself from movie trailers and book spoilers until I could read it myself to see what the fuss was all about and oh my God.I've been looking for a book exactly like that - a well-written, well-researched psychological thriller - forever. And this definitely did not disappoint.I have to admit, I read the first 30% of the book over roughly four days, which is a lot for me, but it was slow in the beginning and I was extremely skeptic. I loathed Diary Amy and Nick isn't exactly a relatable character. Nick's a douchebag. But throughout the book, I grew to like him.And, God, I admired her.I was mildly intrigued to see how the author would roll out the rest of the events when everything was pointing to Nick killing Amy. I thought he was an intentionally unreliable narrator, or that he's suffered some sort of a psychotic breakdown that kept him from seeing or remembering what he did to Amy (mostly because of the two times he ""saw"" her in his head, killed in the kitchen, and one of which was before he found out about the mopped blood).But then Diary Amy was tossed out of the window, and I couldn't put the book down.Flynn takes us through a bumpy ride of twists and turns, all plausible and intriguing and while at some points predictable, it wasn't a bad thing.If there is such a thing as a bookgasm (bibliogasm? Literary orgasm?), this book is definitely it. At least for me.The only thing that truly annoyed me about it was how self-aware the book was. It acknowledges every cliche, every metaphor, and even points to the parts where you would think it was the wrong grammar but it really wasn't. That threw me off, a lot of times, esp that it wasn't just tied to one POV. It disrupted my otherwise-pleasurable experience. I kept picturing the author going through the book for a revision and instead of changing the stuff she thought were cliche she just acknowledged how cliche they were. I'm fine with that when it happens once or twice but it was just a lot. Too many times for me.All of that being said, I really enjoyed this book. Now I'll go watch the movie and then attempt to go back to my normal life, where no sociopaths exist (hopefully).
The first thing that I noticed was the voice of the novel wasn’t like most others. The story progressed by journal entries, basically, entries by both husband and wife. The husband being Nick Dunne, the husband of Amy, the woman who had gone missing. The entries switched off between Nick and Amy’s view points. Though it seems like a weird way to read a book, it really isn’t. Each entry chronicled a different day, both prior to Amy’s disappearance and after. It was separated into three different sections to dictate the place in the story, as well, which made it easier.Both had had bad luck and wound up back in Nick’s hometown in North Carthage, Missouri, which, for New York born and raised Amy, was difficult. The beginning of the book went through how they found themselves in their current situations, and the remainder was the story progressing from both viewpoints, both Nick and Amy, as Amy disappeared and the reader was left wondering what happened to her. As the story progressed, so did Nick's character. From doting, loving husband who thought he had gotten so lucky to a man who nobody believed. Both characters took a sinister approach at times, and the story blew itself open once the truth about the relationship between Nick and Amy came out. The plot progressed effortlessly, and I wanted to know what was going to happen so badly I just kept reading! Before I knew it, hours had gone by!Unlike most books I read, I did not read much about this book before getting into it. In a world where everything has been reviewed a thousand times on the Internet, it was a bit refreshing to not have any idea what was coming next. One thing I will say, however, is this book absolutely kept me at the edge of my seat, and I finished it in just over one day! I don’t want to give too much away, but there were definitely some sucker punches thrown in for the reader who thought they knew exactly what was going on.This being my first read by Gillian Flynn, I will say that it was absolutely fantastic. I could not put it down, even if I wanted to. I had to keep reading, keep figuring out exactly what was going on. One hundred percent one of the most enthralling books I have read in a long while.
“We weren’t ourselves when we fell in love, and when we became ourselves – surprise! – We were poison. We complete each other in the nastiest, ugliest possible way.”----Gillian Flynn, Gone GirlI finally had the chance to read the ""IT"" book, Gone Girl. Gillian Flynn, who is an American author and television critic for Entertainment Weekly, has spun a horrific tale about marriage and its flaws and have brilliantly, restaged marriage as a violent crime for both the husband and the wife.Synopsis:Flynn has centered her plot on a failed marriage of the beautiful, psychological quiz writer from New York, Amy Elliot, who happens to be the inspiration behind a children's series, Amazing Amy, authored by her parents, and Nick Dunne, a handsome with boyish features aspiring novelist from Missouri. They met at a party and fell for each other almost instantly, courtesy, Amy being the Cool girl and Nick being the hilarious guy when he comments, ""Just one olive""! Soon they become the husband and wife and the first challenge in their conjugal happiness occurs when both Amy and Nick lost their jobs, sold their New York home and moved to Missouri, where Nick can tend to his dying mother. Once again they are hit by Nick's foul-mouth, Alzheimer-stricken father, who regularly slipped out from his institution and ran around the town screaming ""bitch"" to random women, even Amy wasn't spared. After Nick's mother's death, Nick used last of Amy's trust fund to open a bar, which he used to ran along with his twin sister, Go. But on the morning of their fifth anniversary, Amy gets disappeared, what looks like she was abducted from their home, and thus a man-hunt began to find America's dearest girl, ""Amazing Amy"".I instantly became mesmerized by Flynn's elegant use of the retrospective voice, which is always questioning its very own accuracy, and exploring the nature of memory, of the narratives we tell ourselves about ourselves, and others and that will make a direct impact on your mind. Marriage is not an easy subject, and Flynn has simply used a bad marriage and its flaws to craft a brilliant thriller, that will ultimately run a chill down your spine. I got goose bumps literally as I progressed deep into the very core of the story. And the characters simply wowed me, leaving me speechless for the entire time.Flynn has a deep psychological grip on her characters, which are portrayed as multifaceted, flawed and sympathetic human beings, all achingly vulnerable, and all wracked by fear, need and guilt. The best part was that Flynn has spared the men of the society, by portraying them as the most cowardice creature, having no strength to stand up for his own guilt but also not as a deadly wife-beater and featuring Amy has the strong housewife, who knows how to take control, even though her marriage with Nick didn't turn out to be the same as she always imagined, just like Flynn who knows how to take control. In the beginning, Flynn will make you fall in love with her characters, eventually she will make you hate them, and in the end, she will make you feel sick of them. Yes, she definitely has the power to make her characters look raw, naked, completely baring their souls into the pages and utterly brilliant. I cannot say that this book gripped me; instead it spun me out of control and felt like I was almost standing on the edge. I can say after reading Gone Girl that, darkness felt better for the first time.Verdict: This is a must-read book, and do watch the movie, since Flynn justifies her story with her intriguing and fantastic screenplay! Hats-off to Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike indeed deserves a standing ovation!
I've often been disappointed by much-hyped books with tons of five-star reviews; ""Gone Girl"" is a glowing exception.It combines the best of genre and literary fiction, and the author's impressive skill held me spellbound from beginning to end. Wonderful craftsmanship!Other reviewers have done excellent jobs of summarizing the plot, so I'll skip that in this review.  Also, I don't want to ruin anybody's experience by giving away spoilers so I'll concentrate on why this book made such a strong impression on me.I love multiple narrators in a novel. No two people see things exactly the same way, and the varied points of view provide me with a richer reading experience. Ms. Flynn makes very effective use of this technique in ""Gone Girl."" While Nick and Amy are unreliable narrators in that I never knew who was telling the truth, I finally decided they were both telling the truth AS EACH OF THEM SAW IT.Yes, the characters are seriously flawed. They do stupid, selfish, appalling things.  While I  didn't feel warm and fuzzy towards either of them, I  wasn't indifferent to, or bored by them, EVER.  They certainly weren't the ""cardboard characters"" so often found in modern fiction! I was completely fascinated by Nick, Amy and the strange dynamics of their relationship.Count me among those who loved the ending. ""Gone Girl"" is not a morality play, and, given everything I'd learned about Nick and Amy throughout the book, the ending was completely authentic.  I agree with the reviewers who say it's more of a literary fiction ending then a genre ending.  This upset a fair number of reviewers, but for me it was perfect.On the flip side, this isn't a book for readers who prefer sympathetic characters with whom they can relate. Also, If you find rough language offensive, and/or if it's important to you that good be rewarded and evil punished by the end of the book, ""Gone Girl"" probably isn't the read for you.
Genius.I read this in March or April, and I admit, when I picked it up, I thought it would be a good airplane read.  Surely, this book is going to be like a lot of other books found in the airport bookshop - a ""thriller"" with a missing child/wife/disabled-person/vulnerable figure and someone who had ""done a terrible secret thing"".  I could smell Lifetime movie all over it.  Plus it was a best-seller - which, at the time, I counted against it.But NO.  This book is the work of a genius, the likes of which you have rarely ever read before.  I was very excited to see there would be a movie coming out!  Sure, you may see a few things ""coming"" but you did not predict this book.  The ending is perfect too - everyone gets what they deserve - the closest thing to a fairytale life and happy ending that [these types of ""people""] deserve.  Just one more thing: Make sure you understand the difference between the author and their characters.  Sometimes an author's true opinions and thoughts seep into their writing and all their books and characters look, talk, and act the same.  But other authors, like Flynn, just create CHARACTERS that suit their story.  Flynn does not believe what her characters are saying.  Her characters are pathologically ill.  She is not.  So don't make the mistake of reading it and drawing conclusions about her views on life other than that she probably rejected a lot of things that are ""typical.""Here are my thoughts as I read it the first time (remember, I underestimated this book):1. wait, a minute, now that i’m looking at this author’s name — is that your real name??2. ok, this twin sister is funny.3. the wife went to harvard and she thinks that _the wind-up bird chronicle_ is difficult to decipher?? is the wife stupid?! are you stupid?! (glance accusingly at author’s name on the cover).  This is just another example of white prep-school privilege. i’m so not a part of that type of privilege that i can’t even SPELL privilege. harvard. how annoying! don’t even get me started.4. interesting, how you find yourself getting frustrated at the husband like, “say this! act this way! be more urgent and worried seeming!” — like, wait, did you kill your wife, and if you did then why are we cheering you on? and if you didn’t, then why are you acting so guilty? and wait was your wife never even there to begin with?!5. as you read the line about telling the police the 5th lie of the day, you smile. “this clever ******.” i thought. then i flipped to the back of the book to see the author’s face for myself. gillian flynn (pseudonym?) — you clever mother*****…and shake your head with admiration.
Wow, this book is something. The plot is soooooo good, just fantastic really and I found this book to be very well written, every detail is there. It got me excited, frustrated, surprised, happy, sad, angry, sometimes almost laughing, just name it, I felt it all.It is difficult to say much about the story itself without ruining some of the plot and the plot is like I said before, very good and calculated and it is just crazy at times! What you need to know about the story before reading it, is in the synopsis.The excitement builds slowly, well it is rather slow throughout the book because this is not some kind of 'biting your fingernails off' thriller. This is more about the planning and plotting and just plain insanity of a person and the author is peeling off one layer at a time and with every layer that goes away you just see everything getting bigger and deeper and more brilliantly insane as more crazy things come into light!How well do you know the person you are married to? Do you know everything about your spouse in just a few years? Does the real person come out soon or does it take years? Well you do find that out in this story, for Nick and Amy.The ending...well I had read a few reviews before I started the book. People either hated the ending or really liked it.  Many who rated it low, mostly complained about the ending. The closer I got to it, the more nervous I got. I was so nervous that I had spent all this time reading this well written and great book and I would hate the ending. I thought of many scenarios in my head about how this would end to prepare myself for it.Well, I thought the ending was very fitting. After reading through all the plotting, planning and the insanity that goes on in this book, it was just very much in line with all that happened in my opinion.I can't explain it any further without giving something away, but for those who have read it, hopefully they know what I am talking about. In my mind there was just no other way around it for X.After I closed the book and put it down, a part of the wedding wows just rang in my head:'...to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part...'
I've mostly avoided pop-thriller type books since being completely disappointed with Steig Larsson's execrable ""girl with the dragon tattoo"" series a few years back, so I was very pleasantly surprised not just with the pacing of this, but with how well written it is. Most thrillers a told from a single, usually hopelessly insular, hard-bitten voice. Flynn instead gives us two different perspectives on sociopath, domestic ruin. Nick and Amy Dunne are both hip, witty, self-aware, wise-cracking, manipulative, cowardly, and at times, utterly monstrous. Their duel narration waxes manically between the most cynical irony and the most bitter, sincere hatred as they attack each other and by extension, themselves, over and over in thought, word and deed. It's a mark of how strong this book is that it only gets better, darker, and frankly, sicker once it's central conceit is revealed.Beyond that, Flynn has made the action as brilliantly au courant as possible: this book is shot through with unfair layoffs, brutal economic downturns, perpetual cable and internet news cycles, manipulative TV interviews, abandoned shopping malls, foreclosed neighborhoods, (I suspect one reason for the book's astounding success is that it reminds us of our own wildly disorienting moment of hyper-mediated late capitalism; something most people who write books like this simply lack the prowess or commitment to really depict).But most stinging of all, Flynn sets up some truly nasty confrontations about the disparities and disconnections that both men and women face in married life. How well do you really know the person you decide to spend your life with? How well can you? That's the sort of big question whose mere asking is designed to make you squirm, and whose radioactive fallout (at least in this book) nearly any grown human can understand.I think the real crux of this book is that being married CHANGES you. Maybe into something new, or, in Gone Girl's gruesome case, maybe into something you've always been. But that reshaping of who you are is part and parcel of shared domestic life. Ultimately, this book struck me as less of a ""thriller"" and more as a kind of existential horror novel. What happens when you and the person you love become...something else? What indeed.
...but I wanted MORE! Oh where do I start? This is truly one of those; can't put it down, up to three a.m., call off from work the next day or your every thought will be consumed with ""why did he...?"", ""Why didn't she...?"" ""What The Hell?!"" all day long until you finally finish this extremely well written book. The twists and turns in this book are sick! And I mean this in the most respectful, enjoyable, and tantalizing way kids say that word today. It's like watching one of those gone viral videos depicting someone hanging out a twenty story window, or scrambling to get off the tracks as a speeding train is barreling their way; you're holding your breath, eyes bugged out, hand over mouth, keeping your head from turning away because deep down you really don't want to see the carnage about to happen...or do we?Most stories have a good guy and a bad guy. Some stories keep you guessing, but you kinda figure it out sooner or later and the ending is predictable. This is never the case here! Here the lines between good and bad are so blurred I had to check my blood sugar! Nick and Amy start off the typical ' boy meets girl', then 'lion meets tiger', and progresses into something akin to 'nitrogen meets plutonium'! I really don't know what those two particular elements will do, but I don't want to be in the same State if you put them in a bowl and decide to shake.I don't repeat plotlines, or give spoiler alerts. I read the synopsis just like you, and anyone who would give away the whole story is just a sad, pitiful creature bent on ruining everyone's fun because nobody ever came to their birthday parties! I just honestly tell you how a book makes me think and feel, or the lack thereof, after reading it. You will definitely be brain spinning after this one...and YES I'm going back to read it again! Enjoy!
SPOILER FREE REVIEW!I have read many great books this year, but I must say, this one will certainly end up towards the very top when it is all said and done. From the very first page, I was drawn into the twisted world of Nick and Amy Dunne and could not stop reading. The switch between the first person narrative of Nick’s story – told in real time – and Amy’s story told through a diary, worked exceptionally well. You have one story working backwards, trying to piece together what has happened and the other working forwards as the mystery unfolds. It’s really hard to say too much about the story without giving away spoilers and with this story, you do NOT want to see any spoilers because when the twists hits, it smacks you upside the head so hard and fast, you’ll have to take a minute to absorb what you just read as you gasp ‘NO WAY!’At its core, Gone Girl has been told a thousand times in countless mystery and noir stories. The skeleton, structure and foundation of the story is nothing new but the genius is in Gillian Flynn’s writing style and how she has found a way to make what is ultimately the subject of marriage be so enthralling and captivating through the minds of two incredibly warped people. Told from both sides of the coin, Gillian dismantles and deconstructs marriage to its tiniest atom, letting us observe it from all angles –good and bad- in superb fashion. And the funny thing is, there are no protagonists in this story! That has been the gripe for some with not liking it, and I can most certainly understand that because we all want someone to cheer for, someone to come out on top of all of the bad things that are happening, but for me the story still worked and then some. There is no black and white, cut and dry, good guy/bad guy in Gone Girl. It is simply dark grey to pitch black with the two main characters of the story. It’s like watching two cars, careening out of control that you just can’t take your eyes off of as they barrel into a fiery and deadly head on collision. You want to look away, you want to be anywhere but here right now, but you can’t. You can’t take your eyes off of the horror that is right in front of you. That is Gone Girl.You might be thinking, ‘Well why in the heck would I want to read a story about marriage, first of all, and it be a story with no “good guys”?’ You are not alone, I took little, if any, interest in this book until I started to hear so much about it and while I’m not usually one to buy into the hype machine, I looked into it a little more and thought it might be something I would like to read and I am glad I did because it is definitely deserving of the praise. The first half of the book is a lot of character building, but it is needed and intriguing exposition. Once you are almost exactly to the halfway point, the story descends into complete madness on a downhill roller coaster ride that is headed straight to hell. This is one of the most deliciously insane books I have read since Bret Easton Ellis’ seminal classic, American Psycho. Gone Girl isn’t as horrifically graphic, but the character similarities are there in all of their psychotic glory.It’s psychotic, it’s sociopathic, it’s homicidal, it’s suicidal and it’s the next great book you need to read!
I am going to start this review by saying it is going to be rather short because I have a lot of thoughts and feelings about this book and I am afraid I might share spoilers. With this being a mystery/psychological thriller you really want to go into knowing very little and any spoilers can ruin the story because there is so much suspense and twists.“Gone Girl is one of the best ­and most frightening ­portraits of psychopathy I’ve ever read. Nick and Amy manipulate each other ­with savage, merciless and often darkly witty dexterity. This is a wonderful and terrifying book about how the happy surface normality and the underlying darkness can become too closely interwoven to separate.”—Tana French, New York Times bestselling author of Faithful Place and Into the WoodsTana French has summed up this book better than I ever could. On the surface this book is a love story. About a couple dealing with the problems that come with marriage and how being past your prime and dealing with unhappiness in life can transfers over to the relationship. Flynn has crafted a beautifully dark and intense story that looks past the surface layer and lets you into the inter workings of Nick and Amy. There were times throughout the story that I sure did question Flynn’s sanity. The way the story was put together and unfolded was fantastic. As with all mysteries I tried to figure out what had happened and just when I thought I had an idea of what was going on, Flynn threw a twist at the story and changed everything. The way she plays with the characters flaws, enhance the suspense because you get to a point where you aren’t sure what to believe. The characters were brilliantly crafted and really are messed up.Overall this was a wonderfully devious story that makes you question the sanity of not only the characters, but the author as well. Gillian Flynn is absolutely brilliant. Her writing and story telling is fantastic and created a superb mystery/thriller. I highly recommend this book  and would definitely say that you should read it before you see the movie because I don’t think it would create the same atmosphere and brilliance if you know what is to happen.
How difficult it is to review a book with one spoiler after another! I have read ""Gone Girl "" three times and still get chills, With each reading, I discover something important than I missed in prior readings, My advice to first time readers is to savor every word, no matter how repulsed you may feel. Why did I read it now, you are probably wondering? The answer is simple. I want to be prepared for the upcoming movie.Amy and Nick Dunne appear to be the perfectly matched married couple until Nick's father is diagnosed with a fatal illness. Nick's sister begs him to come back to Carthage, Missouri. Amy, the daughter of two writers, joined their psychological training to write a series of books about Amy. She became The Amazing Amy who was so smart that she could do no wrong. And like many others, she believed these stories even as a young adult. As book sales diminished drastically, Rand and Marybeth were in dire need of new material.Oh their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy disappeared under suspicious circumstances. As anyone who watches Dateline knows, the police immediately zero in on the spouse, As she has done in prior years, Amy sets up a scavenger hunt. When the police in this small town, along with Amy's parents, they have no doubt that Nick was the perpetrator after carefully examining the clues.He spends much of the book trying to make sense of the clues, and with his sister, Go, tried to unravel a complex and often devious mind. With one exception, the police, so convinced that they had their man, were uncooperative.That is all I will write about this psychological thriller other than to disagree with other reviewers about the end of the story, I cannot imagine a different ending.Gilian Flynn is masterful as she develops her characters. I felt like I would recognize them if I passed them on the street. Even minor characters were described in detail. In my opinion, lack of character development can spoil an otherwise good story, I think many readers with appreciate the many pages spent on Amy, despite in my case, never quite getting to the core of her brain. Nick is also complex.Of course I wonder what happened to the Dunnes, but we can arrive at many scenarios, probably none of them good.
This review's gonna have a few spoilers in it, so I'll just go ahead and get that out in the open first thing.Counting the stars: I gave this book 5 out of 5. Not because I'm a suspense fan, not because I'm even a Gillian Flynn fan. It was just. that. good.Gone Girl reads differently from just about every other suspense that I've ever read in that a.) its main crutch was not based on plot and plot alone, and b.) Flynn stole a page from George R.R. Martin's strategy in this book; she caused the reader unceasing anguish as he/she struggles to decide who's the ""bad guy.""Because there is no bad guy. Or there are lots of bad guys. But each one has enough humanity in them to make you see the other side, pulls the empathy from you, even if it's just a scattering, and you nod along, thinking, Mm-hmm, that makes sense, that makes sense.It's not a feel-good book. Gracious. I felt horribly sorry for all characters involved by the end of the story, the total and absolute destruction of each person's psyche, the awful heartache of this so-called marriage.But that's one of Flynn's master-strokes: she can make the reader cheer on a guy who deliberately carried on an affair for over a year behind his wife's back. Because the wife is worse, way, way worse. You start out thinking she's a victim, and then you come back and realize anything that doesn't cater to her formula becomes the ultimate victim.I really enjoyed the ebb and flow of the story. Most thriller/suspense novels I've read rely 95% on fast pacing, tight plot, quick turnaround, and 5% on character development. This one was possibly closer to 50/50. I always like books that start out strong - intense description, layered language, beautiful metaphors. Quite often, though, these books that begin strong don't maintain their quality the whole way through. By the end, it often seems as if the author would rather be done (i.e. was in a hurry to get their manuscript off to the editor). I didn't feel that with this one. The writing carried superb quality the entire way through the very. long. story. Some of the metaphors and imagery, I wanted to gift-wrap for myself, a nugget to enjoy again later when I needed some beauty in my life.I could go on. This book was, unlike Amazing Amy, simply amazing.
Needless to say, this book is difficult to review without giving away the plot.  So much of this review will be more of a critique than a summary.  Besides, everyone knows about this book already.First, the reviews are right.  The book is marvelously well-written, extremely twisty and complex, and hard to put down.  I have a sneaking suspicion that much of the book was written ""backwards"" -- Flynn wrote a draft and it contained many plot twists.  Then she went back and planted seeds into her narrative that would render the plot twists either surprising or plausible.  Flynn is a very smart writer, but it seems to me that nobody could be smart enough to see in advance where she was going with certain of her narrative threads.  Many reviewers commented that they needed to go back and read the book again to catch things they missed the first time around.  I suspect that Flynn need to return to the book again to backfill many of the same things.Many of the reviewers were troubled by the book's ending, thinking it to be weak.  I thought it was perfect.  It is hard to imagine any other ending that was not either tragic or cheap -- and tragic does not sell well in the mystery field.  To be sure, Patricia Highsmith could do tragic, but for all the similarities, Flynn is not Highsmith.  Highsmith's protagonists are black-hearted sociopaths.  Flynn's heroine is a barbaric narcissist, whose character owes more to Euripedes than other writer.  She is less an ""Ozark Amy"" that a ""Missouri Medea.""  It is too bad that ""Gone Girl"" is a one-off mystery.  I would sure like to see what happened to Flynn's characters in ten years.The book has flaws, of course.  Apply too many twists to any structure, and cracks will develop.  For one thing, the plot is preposterous -- not a serious criticism in the mystery/psychological thriller genre, to be sure.  All the friends and family of an East coast woman move to within spitting distance of central Missouri?  A villain smart enough to construct an elaborate frame-up and stupid enough to fail to see an obvious rip-off coming?  A mysterious ability to raise large sums of money while effectively bankrupt?  An arrest and criminal complaint without either a body or other proof of death?But what can you expect?  Flynn could either have written a family tragedy that would have received glowing reviews and 100,000 sales or a wild and crazy mystery that sold millions of books and netted her a major motion picture.  I think she made the right choice.  This book was great fun.
Last month, reviewing Gillian Flynn's ""Dark Places,"" I wrote that probably the worst thing I could say about it was that it wasn't ""quite one of those books that leave me sputtering the kind of fulsome superlatives that make for a terribly undignified review.""  Caveat lector - I'm going to do my best, here, but ""Gone Girl"" *is* one of those books.There's one word that surely sums up better than any other the experience of reading this novel, but if I use it Amazon won't publish the review.  It's a compound word of two syllables, the first of which is ""mind,"" and if you really need me to tell you the second syllable rhymes with ""stuck,"" this probably isn't the book for you.  ""Gone Girl"" is relentlessly intense, thick with clues and revelations and herrings in every shade of red.  Flynn pulls no punches.  You won't want to put this book down, though you might have to, just to catch your breath.You might think you know this story: woman goes missing, husband's show of grief is unconvincing, the police can't rule him out as a suspect, sympathy turns to suspicion.  That's Nick Dunne's story: the afternoon of his fifth wedding anniversary, he comes home early to find his living room in shambles and his wife, Amy, gone.  Concerned (or so he says), he calls the police immediately.  The investigation plays out in the usual way over the course of the next few days: the press conference with Amy's parents, the morbidly fascinated neighbors who join the search, the reporters camping out on the Dunnes' front lawn.  Nick is the protagonist and narrator, and we'd like to be on his side - but we notice he doesn't ever come right out and tell us he didn't kill his wife.  He admits he's lying to the police - among other things, his marriage to Amy was far from idyllic - and there's a nice block of time he can't account for between coming downstairs for breakfast and showing up for work.  Meanwhile, Nick's chapters alternate with entries from Amy's diary, in which the story of their relationship unfolds from their first meeting, over seven years earlier, and the Amy we come to know through her own very personal writings bears only the most superficial resemblance to the woman Nick describes as mean-spirited, cynical, controlling, ""a righteous ball of hate.""  Then again, the husband Amy describes isn't exactly the ever-appeasing milquetoast Nick makes himself out to be.  Nick is tormented by mental images of Amy bleeding, terrified, in pain - are these the worst imaginings of a worried husband, or the memories of a murderer?It's hard to explain, without getting into spoiler territory, what sets this book apart from (and high above) just about everything else you've read.  ""Gone Girl"" is a mystery/thriller, but as superbly plotted as it is, it's a character-driven story at its core.  For much of the novel's length, the ""where is Amy?"" mystery plays a (close) second fiddle to the question that engulfs and precedes it: ""Who are these people, really?""  More than a novel about a missing-persons case, this is a story about marriage, about love, about blame and guilt and rationalization, about how we win, how we lose, just how well we can possibly know each other.  I remarked after reading ""Dark Places"" that Gillian Flynn could be the literary love-child of Cormac McCarthy and Lisa Gardner, but ""Gone Girl"" reads more like a collaboration between Scott Smith and Anita Shreve.Although it deals with some heavy subjects and wallows in some of the darker corners of the human psyche, ""Gone Girl"" somehow manages to be great fun to read.  Nick and Amy narrate their relative sides of the story with rich, inviting detail and plenty of biting wit.  There are passages so brilliant you'll want to read them out loud to the person sitting next to you (although you won't, because they'd give away too much of the story), a whole cast of characters that will keep you guessing, and enough nasty twists to keep you doubting even what you think you know for sure.  Somehow it manages to pack even more of a punch than ""Dark Places,"" without being either quite so violent or so relentlessly bleak.  Libby Day, protagonist of ""Dark Places,"" was an unpleasant person I came to love, perhaps in part because, compulsive liar though she was, she was always completely honest with *me*, the reader.  In ""Gone Girl,"" Flynn offers up two protagonists we know can't both be telling the whole truth, one of whom we know for sure is holding back on us.  Your feelings for nearly every major character and quite a few of the minor ones will shift all over the place by the time you finish the novel, and yet, as despicable as some of these people prove themselves to be, they're so fascinating, so real, that you may keep having to remind yourself that you don't like them and don't actually *want* to see them succeed.  Flynn has made it possible to empathize deeply with people you can't sympathize with one bit, and her imagination may be the ugliest place you've ever been sorry to leave when you finished the last chapter.""Gone Girl"" is amazing, it's perfect, it's unforgettable, it's even better than you've heard.  Read it now before someone inadvertently gives away the ending.
I highly suggest you read this, and soon, because once previews for the movie start coming out, you’re going to know more about the book going in than you should. This is a mystery story, and one that leaves you asking questions and suspecting everyone until the end. I really enjoyed the journey it took me on, and although I’m excited about the movie I’m sure it will be done in a different way, and once you know all the twists and turns to the story, the book isn't going to be as great of an experience for you as it would be if you read the book first.I don’t want to say much about this book because even a little bit might spoil things. So I’m just going to talk about what I did like and why I rated it so highly. Though the book is far from perfect, and there were things I didn't like about the second half, the ending in particular, I still gave it five stars because it’s been one of the most enjoyable books I've read in a long time. It’s the story of a husband and wife that are about to celebrate their fifth anniversary when the wife goes missing. What was interesting was how the narration in the beginning of the book switched back and forth between the husband, Nick, who was narrating starting from the day of their fifth anniversary, and the wife, Amy, who was narrating through her diary the beginning of their relationship some years prior. As the book goes on you start to realize that their accounts of each other aren't exactly consistent. This back and forth gives you a really unique introduction to the characters that is purposely confusing since they are skewed on both ends. Admittedly it means the story takes a bit to pick up, and in the beginning I had a hard time getting into the story, but once it got going I could hardly put the book down.The characters were all very complex and interesting, and I loved how the author kept me guessing about who everyone really was, and I never failed to be surprised by finding out something new about a character that totally screwed up my previous opinions. This story is primarily a suspense mystery, and it’s one of the best I've read of its genre, but even if I put it up against everything else I’ve read I’d say it’s one of my favorite books, and I’m looking forward to reading more by the same author. Please don’t miss out on the experience this story takes you on by watching the movie, or reading too much about the story before you actually read it. Just dive in and stay with it and I bet you’ll be glad you did.
Gillian Flynn has done the impossible. She has taken a man and a woman and created a novel so fiendish, so unorthodox and groundbreaking it would leave a team of psychiatrists and neurosurgeons feuding and salivating for the rights to inspect her brain. Pry it apart like cold spaghetti and examine it like some exotic new species plucked out of a gelatinous swamp in Nigeria. Because truly, that's what Gillian Flynn is right now. A new species and she's not like us. She's a preternatural  avatar with a diabolical wit and a brain the size of a Virgina ham. She's more observant than any writer you know and she wriggles into a man's psyche so impeccably you'll swear she has testicles or a cookie duster is about to sprout under her pretty little nose. I would love to hate her but she's a genius and if I met her I'd probably stutter out some nonsense about how ""Icouldn'tputhebookdown"" and ""itjustblewmeaway"".....Gone Girl is about a woman who vanishes on her fifth wedding anniversary.And it's savage.It's sugary and nasty.It's about curdled love and narcissism run amok.It's about sluts and Godesses.Angels and fiends.Sadists and sycophants.Psychos and celebrities.The novel swerves and snakes like a Ducati on a treacherous mountainside in the Italian Alps and just when you think it has to slow down, it accelerates even faster and you're not going to stop for a sandwich and a beer. The book doesn't even end at the end. It skids right off the page, the main characters so clear and crisp they might as well be projected  in the latest high def Blue-ray. They hang on with freakish agility, apocryphal superstars so real you expect to see them featured on the five O'clock news or splattered on the front page of every newspaper.Good luck immersing yourself in another novel. Amy and Nick Dunne are here and they don't plan on quietly slipping back into their fictional Missouri habitat -- not when they're already legends in the world.
In a way, you get two different books here.  Luckily, both of them are very good.  The first is a suspense thriller with a mounting sense of unease built through the accretion of tiny details and the realisation that two different people are looking at the same events in different ways.  The revelations are eked out by the author's skilful work and keep the ground moving under your feet.  It's an addictive telling that's grounded in truly good writing that particularly captures both a sense of place and the deep psychology of people.At the midway point we begin to transition to the other book, Gillian Flynn's dissection of the state of modern love and marriage, with some very acute observations and analysis.  If you're an old school sentimentalist, you might not like what you find.  What I enjoy about the author's take is that she doesn't cosset the reader.  She's not afraid to reveal the harsh nature of human beings, the transactional state of some relationships and that love can mean many things to many different people.Some people have complained about the ending.  I have no problem with it.  If this were only a suspense thriller, it would not be the ending you'd want, but it fits perfectly with the author's design of her characters and her themes.  She's created a very good monster here, but one that could easily exist though few would want to admit that (I've met a handful of sociopaths who play in the same ballpark).My one criticism is that the second half - in plot terms - is too rushed compared to the first half.  I think the ending would have been better served by a slower pace and more of the detail we were used to.  But overall, a great book, a great character study, a great commentary, and one that will grow over time.
There is a Maddie Crum article in The Huffingtonpost entitled 8 Popular Books With Deeply Disappointing Endings. Gone Girl is one of the titles she listed. I was halfway through the novel when I noticed the piece, so I didn’t read it at the time. Now that I’ve finished the book I’ve gone back to see if I agree with Crum’s premise. She has a primary reason why she doesn't like the ending and a different reason, just as strong, why she does. So, without mentioning what those arguments are, I will say I agree with her detail, but I don’t agree with her putting the book on her list. There were times when I was reading the ending that I felt like yelling “Please stop this!” because a number of conclusions were reached and after each one, the plot would keep on going. But the final choice was brilliant. I’ve read elsewhere that Gillian Flynn intends to “tweak” the ending for the movie. It will be interesting to see what she does. The nature of translating a book to the screen forces the story to be shortened, so I think my complaint will be handled automatically. I worry about other changes.I’m rating Gone Girl as a five star book, despite some aspects I didn’t like. I already mentioned how long the ending seemed. I thought some of the foul language was indulgent and sometimes given to characters I didn’t feel would use it. And there were many moments when characters knew things they couldn't possibly know and other times when they reacted in ways I found hard to believe.But the story is incredibly intense (Amy’s parents would say amazingly intense) and unique. The way Flynn takes two despicable characters, mixes in tremendous lies, and still has me sympathizing with them both is simply great. There is truth about relationships in this book. It’s exaggerated, twisted, ignored at times and lied about at other times, but it is still truth and for that reason I care about Nick and Amy even as I feel their hatred and frustration.I picked an excellent time to read Gone Girl because the film is due out in October. I can’t wait to see it.Steve Lindahl – author of Motherless Soul and White Horse Regressions
the story is a duel narrative of husband Nick Dunne and wife, Amy Elliot, the progeny of a successful rich east coast couple. the story swaps between Nick and Amy narrating from their point of view. it's very well written and impossible to put down.
This book is a roller coaster ride for sure. You know how the ride up is slow that is the beginning of this book. Then you reach the peak which is part two with its amazing twist and turns finishing in, what feels so quickly, part three. The first part of the book goes a bit slow, concentrating on Nick and Amy. I believe the way it was done was to introduce us to Amy and Nick, lulling us into thinking they are a juvenile and fairly selfish, boring couple. Then with the introduction of more characters the story explodes. Suddenly we discover that who we thought Amy and Nick were isn't necessarily true. There is a reason why I have always told my children don't make snap judgments of people. People are complicated and multi-layered. In part one we uncover the first layer of our couple but in parts two and three we really discover who they are. At first I wasn't all into it. I didn't like Amy or Nick, (guess what? I still don't), and almost gave up reading it. In retrospect I think the author did an excellent job with the unveiling of our couple. The book is a psychological playground. Forget trust. There is no one to put trust in, at least no one I found worthy of it. While there are holes in the story and things you just shake your head at, for the most part I found myself just gliding over them. I was more fascinated by the mind twist that was going on. I believe, as humans, we are all to some extent damaged people. I found it pretty easy to relate to all the damaged ones in the book. I really enjoy analyzing what makes me people tick. I find it fascinating that two children from the same family, raised together, can be so similar yet so different. In this book we see that with Nick and Glo. While Amy and Nick were raised differently there becomes apparent some similarities between them too. Days after finishing this book I am still thinking about that and what were the defining factors that brought those out. I found the story fascinating. The ending was a little bit of a let down for me though it does work, (as well as leaving space for a follow up). I thought about removing a star for the ending but decided since it does work, and stays on the twisty tracks, it didn't warrant losing a whole star. For me, it held my interest and had my emotions twisting in the wind. A total whizbang roller coaster ride!
I had heard glowing reviews of this book before I picked it up to actually read it. With no prior knowledge of what the plot line was I dove in expecting something great, and Gillian Flynn did not leave me disappointed. This mystery novel left me constantly guessing right up to the last page. Even when I thought I had figured everything out, a plot twist would happen that I had never seen coming. The plot twists were fantastic as they were ones that were up front and in your face. This kept me reading and ultimately lead me to finishing the book in one day.The characters of Amy and Nick Dunne are multi layered, with every turn of the page you became familiar with their habits and got to know them as individuals and not just as the picturesque Dunnes. Their relationship starts off as one that everyone can relate to, one that is innocent and full of mushy, simplistic romance, which quickly draws you in. As the plot line thickens you go through moments of wanting them to stay together and wanting them to divorce never really knowing which way it will turn out when Amy is eventually discovered. Will the hurt of betrayal keep them apart?  Will lies be forgiven? Will their love be strong enough to hold them together or is it all to much for the small town Missouri boy and the up town Manhattanite?Don't let this fool you the book is far more complex than just a story of a struggling marriage. Police investigations over run Nick Dunne's life and there is constant scrutiny about his abilities to be a good, faithful husband. Nick suffers from the husband did it accusations that we have all seen on crime shows but never thought twice about, it seems to always be the most logical choice, blame the husband. Amy however is constantly looked at as Amazing Amy, the self entitled book series that her parents created ""about"" her, which paints her as perfection, Amy can do no wrong. This reputation that Amy has works against Nick in his quest to prove his innocence in Amy's disappearance. But their is another side to Amy that only few have been able to see.At first I was put off by the constant change of narrator with every chapter, first Nick then Amy, however I quickly changed my mind. It was a fantastic way to write this novel because you got both sides of the story as they unfolded in the days/weeks after Amy's disappearance. You get their individual motives, reasons for their decisions in their marriage, and emotions that they were experiencing, it was as if you were experiencing everything with them for the first time. The feeling of changing narrators quickly faded and instead it became a dialogue, a constant back and forth between the two characters. By the end of the novel I wanted more, I couldn't help wondering what was going to happen next in this crazy, nuclear relationship.
It's a mystery. It's a social commentary. It's an analysis of a marriage and how many ways it can go wrong. It's a thriller and a puzzle and a cautionary tale.Fair warning: Gillian Flynn USES the tools of a writer. This is a work of fiction: she can deceive, she can manipulate the characters and the reader (it is allowed), she spins her web and make us fight to get out. And she has done it brilliantly.I take issue with several reviewers who deducted stars because they felt ""manipulated"".Really? Then why read fiction? It's all about manipulation: emotional, psychological, physiological, social.... Just as a start, mysteries are inherently manipulative of their readers, or there wouldn't be the fun of testing our wits against the puzzle. If you feel that the author must always only reveal the truth of the characters at all times, you forget that fiction is about people. And people LIE, they justify the un-justifyable, they squirm and weasel and double-cross and betray and at the end of the day will do a lot to protect themselves from consequences when they're cornered. Especially when it suits them. Often even when it may not. And the truth can be so subjective. Especially when the characters are telling the story...controlling it. Or losing control. Or fighting for it. Or wanting the last word.This book is less graphic than many thrillers on the shelves - it doesn't use gore or excessive descriptions to shock - it allows the story to do that. But it is a thriller. More chilling perhaps because this one takes place not only close to home, but in the home. And nothing is as it seems.This is one of my ""read it from the library and had to buy my own copy to re-read"" books.
Every time I think about this book, a particular word comes to mind: visceral. I've read a bunch of negative reviews about this book, but found it to be extremely well-written. It is a captivating whodunit mystery that reaches from the pages and pulls you along by the throat and hair.This review is going to be difficult to write without giving anything away. I will therefore need to be brief and hope that you are intrigued enough to delve into the murky depths of this story. The story is very cleverly told, both from the current-day perspective of husband Nick, who comes home to discover that his wife is missing under suspicious circumstances, and from the perspective of missing wife Amy, her story told in retrospect and providing the background history for her and Nick's relationship, all the while moving forward to the date of her disappearance.As the story unfolds, more and more evidence is unearthed that drives the investigation in different directions. The story reaches a zenith of sorts about halfway through, but maintains a caustic and nerve-wracking climax towards the end of the book.At face value, it's a well-told mystery story, with clever storytelling helping to drive the reader's own perception of events.Audiobook note: I listened to the audiobook, very well-produced and featuring the voice talents of Julia Whelan and Kirby Heyborne, who did a fantastic job of narration. Julia's voicework as the missing Amy is especially noteworthy, providing a level of emotion that is equal in its variation as Kirby's stunned monotone. Monotone may not be the best description of it; the character has a somewhat wooden personality, but Kirby's work gives it life while keeping it subdued.
*****NOT A ""SPOILER"" REVIEW*****The Author:This is the 1st title I've ready by Gillian Flynn, per recommendation from a good friend.  I must say I was uniquely captivated.  Flynn has a very unique writing style...one that I have never experienced before.  Yet, it was absolutely wonderful.. If this is your first reading, by her, it make take a chapter or two to adjust, but the adjustment comes quickly.  At first, you may be a bit confused or say to yourself, :Huh?"" but once you read the sentence again, you totally get it [this is the adjustment phase you go through in the beginning].  The quick & witty [and I do mean witty, not boring, not labored, not too serious, but witty] writing style captures the reader from the very beginning.  It actually made me chuckle, too.The Book:Gillian Flynn does an excellent job describing the characters...just enough for the reader to formulate their own pictures of the characters in their minds.  Flynn goes back and forth, consistently, between the 2 main characters of the novel: Nick & Amy.  They take you on a journey through their marraige,..the ups, the downs and the in-betweens, all while Amy is missing [""Gone""].  And as the story unfolds, the characters come to life and you have to remind yourself....It Is A Book!The Author & The Book:Flynn carefully draws you in to their lives of the characters [one speaking in past tense,one speaking in present tense]. Also interesting, Flynn allows the one speaking in the past to catch up to the one speaking in the present...PHENOMENAL APPROACH!As the story unfolds, you learn more and more about the characters, simultaneously being ""WOW'D"" by Flynn and her unique writing style.  She presents the reader with details but doesn't overdo it, which is a difficult trait to master as an author.  Page afer page, Flynn keeps you interested to the point where you just can't put the book down. Part 1 tells one story.  Part 2 tells a completely different story.  Yet, the parts fit perfectly together into a fictional masterpiece!Recommendation [5 Stars]:BUY IT....READ IT....RECOMMEND IT!!!  FLYNN IS A PHENOMENAL WRITER!!!!""Gone Girl"" is a psychological-suspense novel that makes your think and think and laugh and think!  Once you complete the book, you will feel like you just went on the calmest, but most exciting rollercoaster ride. And the title of the novel becomes not only a description of what the book is about  but the reader will find symbolism there, as well.There are some 'Cons', though.  In the 2nd half of the book, there are some parts that push ""reality"" to the limit but you don't lose your grasp on what could potentially occur.  And the end may leave you feeling like, ""Really, that's it?  But, all-in-all, Flynn's writing style and the overall unfolding of the story, does not affect my ""5 STAR"" rating.I am completely looking forward to the other titles, ""Sharp Objects"" and ""Dark Places"".And Gillian, thank you for not making this into a series.  Sometimes I want the whole story told in 1 book.  You gave me that!""ROCK ON GILLIAN FLYNN""BlessedBookCritic [5 Stars NEVER Come Easy By Me!!!]
Woah. Gone Girl is messed up. Like, reeeeeally messed up. But in the best kind of way. It's a story about marriage gone wrong. Very wrong.On the surface, Nick and Amy seem like the perfect couple. She's a cool girl, the ideal sort of wife. He, the doting and dutiful husband. But on their 5th wedding anniversary, Amy goes missing and Nick quickly becomes a suspect, THE suspect, in her disappearance. As the story unravels through Amy's diary entries and Nick's narrative, so do their lies. It turns out that Amy and Nick aren't who we think they are. And this is where things start to go a little crazy.Let me tell you something about Nick and Amy Dunne. SPOILER ALERT: They are HORRIBLE people. I don't think there's a single redeeming quality about either one of them. Nick is philandering and misogynistic and Amy is a narcissistic, needy sociopath. They are AWFUL. Truly AWFUL. Their relationship is AWFUL and if I had the choice to spend my time Amy and Nick or spend the rest of my days in the pit of despair, I'd choose the pit every time. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.There is seriously so much hate between them and the ridiculous lengths at which they go to torment one another is appalling. Each of them is vindictive and conniving and cruel in their own special sort of way. And this is exactly why they were made for eachother. But what's really surprising is that as unlikeable as the characters were, the writing was well-executed and the plot complex enough to keep me guessing, even when the majour twist was otherwise predictable. Flynn had me from the very first page. This is one of those stories where everything you're told and everyone you meet is unpredictable, unreliable. You'll spend the entire time forming theory after theory and it's misleading and frustrating and brilliant. I always felt like I needed to know more, to delve further into the darkness of Nick and Amy's twisted relationship. I needed to be a part of their madness. It's sick. The whole story is sick, the characters are sick and I am sick because I loved every sick minute of it.Oh god, and don't get me started on the ending. I can't even think about that ending without wanting to hide in a dark corner and pray for sunshine and unicorns and rainbows. It was that sadistic. And powerful, so powerful. And perfect. Even if my mind was totally blown. And anyone who can evoke that sort of reaction out of me definitely earns some mad respect in my book. So well done, Flynn. Very well done.Food for Thought: Gone Girl has to be the most twisted love story ever written. While full of loathsome characters, deception and misdirection, this dark tale will horrify you and satisfy you in all the right ways. Though I didn't find the big reveal to be all that surprising, the ending did catch me off guard. It's quite telling and will evoke a visceral reaction out of the reader, even if it's not a happy one. Gone Girl is the first book in a long time to take me by surprise in the way that it did and I loved every torturous second of it.
Yes, there ARE some flaws in the writing style and in the development of the story, but I loved this book for whatever reason. Frankly, I just wanted to find out what happened. The ending was bizarre, yet I thought somewhat fitting. I can't wait for the movie to come out, and I'm glad I read it before hand as I couldn't have pictured the people they chose for the characters, but it works. I like Ben Affleck for Nick. We'll see how that ends up because according to articles I recently read, they will be changing the ending. I will be interested to see what they do.***Stop reading here / Spoiler Alerts***I never liked Amy, even from her annoying diary entries. They were totally phony from the get go let's be honest. She was lame and so uptight. I couldn't believe that Nick was interested in her, other than her looks. But that's part of his character isn't it? I mean, we really get the feeling that he's superficial and kind of a jerk and totally self absorbed. At the same time, I kind of like him? He's personable and yes he's a liar, but you see why he lies about the things that he does. It doesn't make it right but I still found myself on his side.I must be an idiot, a well educated one at that, but I didn't see some of the plot twists coming and apparently other people did. For instance, I absolutely didn't think that she would go to Desi (worst name ever, but I love that they picked Neil Patrick Harris to play him, perfect). I also didn't think she would go back to Nick. I like that at the end, you're constantly questioning when she's going to finally kill Nick. That's absolutely how I pictured the ending. I was mad that Nick never pursued capturing Amy in her lies when she got pregnant. And I do agree with other reviews on here that there's quite a flaw in the writing here where we don't see when Amy got the time to get pregnant, but whatever I can overlook it because I still wanted to know the ending. I felt so badly for Go at the end of this and I felt like her, desperate for Nick to leave her.The ending....well it was an abrupt end to a pretty fast paced read. What the hell? Who would stay with that conniving nut job? And what is the kid going to be like? I pictured the kid from the Omen. However, isn't that the whole point of the book? That Nick is so vapid at times that he can't think clearly? That these two are sick co-dependent addicts? They're addicted to drama and themselves and the people they are when they're together. They're terrible people. It's a creepy ending. A little melodramatic at times and some issues with the plot points, but I didn't expect a Pulitzer prize winning novel here.
One of the best lines from the book describing the two main characters, comes from the lawyer:""You two are the most f'd up people I have ever met, and I specialize in F'ed Up people."" Tanner Bolt, lawyerPretty much summarizes this couple.  What if you married someone, then once you married them, the mask comes off?Great read about a dysfunctional married couple, when their marriage goes completely wrong, or does it?  Told from POV of He- said-She-said style.  Lots of foul language, in case that bothers you, but that is the characters and how they talk.  We get Nick's POV, then we will get Amy's POV.  The writing style really keeps you guessing at what is real and not real based on each person's view of how the marriage is going.  There are so many possible suspects, although just like today's TV Media, we always focus on the spouse first. Read the book in 2 days, could not put it down.  It is not a typical Hollywood ending, so I guess that is why many disliked it, but it is somewhat, original, and I thought it suited the story.Also liked the setting how it described the economy, empty houses and buildings being squatted in, how the two main characters lose their jobs to the economy, how they deal with it.If you like crime/mystery, give the book a read.  There are lots and lots of twists in plots and characters.  There are so many possible suspects in the beginning, although just like today's TV Media, we always focus on the spouse first, the media ""Nancy Grace""-style spinning it their own way, but is that really the true story?  Will be interesting to see how the author will change it for the movie version, as she has said she is changing the ending somewhat and the way it is told.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn opens on a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri.  It is Nick and Amy Dunne’s 5th wedding anniversary when Nick receives a phone call from a neighbor telling him to come home – his front door is open and there is no answer from inside the house.  Nick rushes home to find his front door open, his home in disarray and his beautiful wife missing.  Nick naturally becomes the primary suspect and only increases suspicions as he has daydreams about the shape of his wife’s head, her crawling bloodily along the floor of their home while moaning his name, and he tells lie after lie to family, friends and the police.  Nick may be bitter, and he may be evasive, but is he really a killer?  Only one thing is for certain about Gone Girl and that is that nothing is as it seems.The narration of the book alternates from chapter to chapter as readers are exposed to glimpses of Nick’s life in the present day followed by passages from Amy’s diary in the past.  Nick, at least present day Nick is a grieving husband.  During the last year or two there have been problems in his marriage but as next follows Amy’s annual “treasure hunt clues” on this 5th wedding anniversary he sees a new side to his wife.  The side that still loves him and wants to fix their marriage.  Surprisingly, he finds he misses his beautiful, clever and romantic wife.  Unfortunately, as day after day passes she’s still missing and Nick is looking ever more suspicious.Amy’s diary depicts a slightly different version of this charmed marriage.  As the inspiration for her parent’s children’s book series, “Amazing Amy” she was always struggling to live up to expectations of perfection.  She tried to be the perfect daughter, friend, wife, etc. but as her diary depicts, she continually falls short.  “Amazing Amy” is perfect and Amy Dunne can never measure up.  Her husband was distant and being deceitful.  She knew it but what could she do?The story moves along predictably at first – Amy is missing and presumed dead while her husband Nick is looking increasingly guilty with every turn of the page.  As mentioned previously, in Gone Girl the only thing known for certain is that nothing is as it seems.  When readers cross the mid-point in the book this becomes very clear and the whole story is turned topsy-turvy leaving readers confused and shocked, wondering which way is up and what just happened?  There is a moment – one single moment – when every reader, whether they love or hate the book, will sit in awe as they realize that Flynn just wrote the biggest OH-MY-GOD moment in recent literary history.  It is superb!  Readers looking for lovable characters and happy (or at least justified) endings should skip Gone Girl but readers looking for a book that will shock and entertain should snatch this up and start reading.Review by Ashley LaMarClosed the Cover
WOW! Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl was so unpredictable! I'm not even going to try to write a summary or synopsis because the storyline changes so much it's insane (in a very thrilling way!). There were so many twists and turns and I could not put this book down!!! Actually, I listened to the audiobook but I had my earbuds in every available second! I am not much for mysteries but I loved this story. It wasn't a who-done-it necessarily, and after a while I learned my lesson and quit trying to guess what was going to happen and just enjoyed the ride. I found myself switching sides over and over until I realized what was really happening and OMG I never expected the true plot of this book!!! The ending left me a little deflated, but after reflection, the ending was consistent with keeping the storyline unpredictable. I would highly recommend this book to any fan of adult contemporary fiction with a mystery element. This story will be coming to the big screen in October 2014 and it's going to be a good one!My favorite quote:“For several years, I had been bored. Not a whining, restless child's boredom (although I was not above that) but a dense blanketing malaise. It seemed to me that there was nothing new to be discovered ever again. Our society was utterly, ruinously derivative (although the word derivative as a criticism is itself derivative). We were the first human beings who would never see see anything for the first time. We stare at the wonders of the world, dull-eyed, underwhelmed. Mona Lisa, the Pyramids, the Empire State Building. Jungle animals on attack, ancient icebergs collapsing, volcanoes erupting. I can't recall a single amazing thing I have seen firsthand that I didn't immediately reference to a movie or TV show. A commercial. You know the awful singsong of blase: Seeeen it. I've literally seen it all, and the worst thing, the thing that makes me want to blow my brains out, is: The secondhand experience is always better. The image is crisper, the view is keener, the camera angle and soundtrack manipulate my emotions in a way reality really can't anymore. I don't know that we are actually human at this point, those of us who are like most of us, who grew up with TV and movies and now the Internet. If we are betrayed, we know the words to say; when a loved one dies, we know the words to say. If we want to play the stud or the smart-ass or the fool, we know the words to say. We are all working from the same dog-eared scripted. It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless automat of characters. And if all of us are play-acting, there can be no such thing as a soul mate, because we don't have genuine souls. It had gotten to the point where it seemed like nothing matters, because I'm not a real person and neither is anyone else. I would have done anything to feel real again.”
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is probably one of the most terrifyingly compelling and twisted books I have ever read. The book is overall easy to read and the plot line seems uncomplicated. Nick Dunne is accused of killing his wife, Amy Dunne, and throughout the span of the book, Nick is trying, with the help of his loving twin Margot, to prove himself innocent. It is split into three parts. The first is simple enough. We get glimpses of Amy's diary entrees, which span over 7 years, and then we get Nick's point of view in the present as he struggles to convince the public (who all believe he is the oh-so-familiar guilty husband) that he is innocent. Without giving away any spoilers, the second part is just...wow. I did not see that coming. As for the third part, lets just say that although things wind down, you never shake off that creepy crawly feeling. This book is dark, and its humor is very dark...in a good way, of course.Books like this one are very rare. Flynn really wants to make people's skin crawl with the intensity of her characters. He astounding ability to construct real-life, believable characters is what makes every event in this book seem so bone-chillingly possible. You'll find yourself questioning how well you know those closest to you. Flynn gives you enough information to make connections throughout the book and you think you've figured out her game and then BAM! She hurls twist surprise your way.Amy and Nick are full of flaws, just like any regular couple. Just like any regular couple. Wait a second... Amy and Nick are not regular, not by a long shot. It is mind-boggling to me to think that I found myself hating one of these characters so much, yet Flynn was able to make my change my mind and become sympathetic with them in just one chapter. Her character-development is unbelievable and seriously messed with my brain. Again, I don't want to give away any spoilers but the second part of this book really sheds a new light of perspective on the events in the book.I would recommend Gone Girl for anyone who craves unexpected plot twists and seriously deranged characters. (Or ""A"" seriously deranged character.) This is totally worth the money and the read. It will leave your insides numb and have you second-guessing everything that you've ever known. Because of the language and topics covered in here, proceed with caution and know that you will get the most out of the book if you are at least 15 or older. As stated in an earlier review, regardless of your literary diet, Gone Girl traverses genres and does so deliciously!
I have been meaning to read this book for awhile now and I'm so glad that I finally got around to it. First of all, in terms of plot, it was brilliant. The golden couple, the marriage gone wrong, but then it takes a turn that you cannot predict. The author does a great job of unraveling character development darker and darker at the exactly right pace. It is a fascinating study on how the surface often does not reflect what is truly going on inside a person, and that evil really can exist in the people surrounding you. Nick is drawn as the hapless male, being led through his life with a conflicting idea of himself and failing resolve. But Amy, wow, she was practically three dimensional once you learned the truth about her life (no spoilers!). I love that her inner dialogue is so very honest, and if we are honest with ourselves, represents many of the thoughts that women have but don't want to admit with such strength. How very true that we present ourselves so differently to achieve our goals.The other brilliant thing about this book is the prose itself. It is so very well written. There were paragraphs where I had to stop and reread, and thought to myself, I bet the author took an entire day to craft this paragraph just so. The beauty is intertwined with language that some may find vulgar (and if you are easily offended you might want to try another book as this one is dark), but its there and I am in awe of anyone who can write that way.Also, clear your schedule LOL. I couldn't put it down either. The ending was the ultimate evil and leaves some to your own interpretation. I still want to know what happened even after that, though I know they are fictional characters and none of it was real. Excellent work!
Wow.  Wow.  Wow.Holy mother of God... or should that be holy mother of all things evil?  It has been a few days since I finished Gone Girl and I am still in a state of... what exactly I have no idea.  Anger?  Shock?  Acceptance?I have no idea how I am going to write this review.""My mother had always told her kids: if you're about to do something, and you want to know if it's a bad idea, imagine seeing it printed in the paper for all the world to see.""There is so little detail that I can go into in regards to the actual plot, as I refuse to give any of it away.  I'm sure this will not be the first review you will have read about Gone Girl, and probably not the last.  But, I want to stress how important it is that you stay with this book.What do I mean by that?  Well, the first half has been quoted as being a little on the boring side.  I have to admit that I never felt that way... while I reading it.  But when the story completely exploded at just over the 50% mark it is a non-stop roller coaster ride till the very end.  So in retrospect, I can now look back at the first 50% and agree that yes, in comparison it was much slower.  However, the first half is a requirement.  You must get to know these characters.  You would never have been able to get to where you are emotionally at the start of Part Two if there was never a Part One.""Love makes you want to be a better man.  But maybe love, real love, also gives you permission to just be the man you are.""And what about the ending?  You will feel manipulated once you finished.  You will sit and stare at the final paragraph, you will want to throw the book, and or your reading device at the closest wall.  You will sit and stew over all of what you have read, wondering how things got to that final paragraph.  Then you will find yourself smiling.  Why?  Heck, you won't even know why... because I sure didn't.  I wanted to be angry, I wanted to scream, but in the end all I could do was smile.  To be fair it was probably one of those crazed, psycho killer smiles, but to be honest I would expect no other kind of smile after reading Gone Girl.""There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.""So yeah, this is a strange review to have written but I just refuse to spoil anything.  My only suggestion to you is READ THIS BOOK.  There is a film being made, which at the time of this review says will be out in 2015.  I have to say, I think this will translate perfectly on the big screen.  They are filming the movie in a small river town in Missouri, not too far from where I was born and grew up in Southern Illinois.  Be it this review, other reviews, the film due out a bit later... whatever it is that helps you to decide to read this book, just please choose to read this book.  You will not be disappointed.""Friends see most of each other's flaws.  Spouses see every awful last bit.""ChristineRainy Day Reads
Gone Girl is a well written edgy novel by bestselling author Gillian Flynn. Flynn is known for writing books with dark and edgy characters. Gone Girl carries on that tradition. The background seems simple enough at first. Nick and Amy Dunne are about to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary. Amy is from the northeast, the daughter of two famous psychologists and authors. Her parents created the popular Amazing Amy series of books. Nick is the son of a working class divorced couple from North Carthage, MIssouri. He moved to New York to work as a writer for a magazine. Both lost their jobs in the publishing industry and eventually moved to North Carthage to care for Nick's sick mother.Then the unthinkable happens. Amy disappears. The door of the house is open and there is blood on the floor. The place has been turned upside down. What has happened to Amy? Is Nick responsible? As the story unfolds people begin to take sides and as secrets come out no one seems to know how to distinguish truth from fiction.The story is told in first person by Nick and through Amy's diary. This makes for interesting pacing. Everything in the story is narrated as something that has already happened. At the same time it becomes clear that our narrators are not altogether honest with themselves, or with us. Gone Girl is one of those books that is difficult to review because there are so many plot twists and turns and a good review should never spoil the story.Gillian Flynn has crafted a taut, edgy, thriller that will keep even seasoned readers guessing what is going to happen next. I am usually one step ahead in most mystery novels, I was in the dark through much of this book. That is not normal, but was quite enjoyable. I won't say that the characters are likable, they are not. They are not meant to be likable. Flynn examines the dark side of life and shows that what you see on the surface may not be what you find when you dig a little deeper. This is a riveting story and is highly recommended.
The American dream goes sourAmy & Nick are two cool New Yorkers, working in dream jobs, being paid to write. Amy is a Cool Girl and the heroine for a succession of best selling books written by her parents. Who wouldn't envy them? And then the economy falls apart and ""the once plentiful herds of magazine writers would continue to be culled - by the Internet, by the recession, by the American public"". So sadly for Nick and Amy they both get made redundant and soon they can no longer afford to pay the mortgage on their trendy Brooklyn townhouse. Life can be cruel for losers in the City That Never Sleeps and the couple are forced to sell up, and retreat to somewhere affordable - in this case, back to Nick's Midwest home town, in nowheresville, Missouri.Despite their money worries, Nick has to find a way of making a living so borrows off Amy's inheritance to open a bar, as playing barkeep is something that he's always dreamed of doing.  But pretty soon Nick and Amy are arguing over money and once couples start doing that, it's a sign that love don't live there any more and all that's left then is the division of the spoils. Hardly the stuff of young love's dream, is it?Told from the point of view of both Nick and Amy, Gone Girl, is a psychological thriller, a War of the Roses for the 21st century. It is the tale of love gone toxic in a world where even the malls have closed down.  The big question at the heart of this book though is just who is the protagonist and who is the antagonist as by the end of the novel you may be none the wiser.This is writer Gillian Flynn's third novel. An experienced journalist, she is an assured writer and has done a particularly fine job with the characterisations of both Nick and Amy.  Nobody in Gone Girl is let off the hook, even Amy's parasitic parents who have made a living out of creating a perfect Amy for public consumption. It's no wonder that the film rights were snapped up so quickly as one this is for sure, Gone Girl is a book for its time, a cynical take on the reality of shattered hopes and dreams for one particular Generation X couple.
This irresistible thriller, written by American author Gillian Flynn, tells the story of Amy and Nick Dunne, a New York pair who relocated to his Midwest hometown because of recession and family problems. More important, with brutal precision, tells the story of their marriage, which is collapsing under financial and emotional strains. I enjoy reading, one book per week at least and with this one I was barely able to stop reading it until the end.We are confronted with painful reality about human relations and marriage affecting everyone and throughout the book you keep asking yourself how to keep spark alive when sweet honeymoon relationship period fades out.For so many people who face big problems in marriage, who finally get to know his/her husband/wife after some time that would not be revelation, but for all others question can be asked how well can you ever know the person you married, the person you sleep every night, the person who was meant to be soul mate of yours?Gone Girl starts on a sunny Missouri day -- the morning of the Amy and Nick's fifth wedding anniversary. Amy is making crepes for breakfast when her husband, Nick walks into the kitchen thinking 'Bile and dread inched up my throat"". That first picture leaves the readers in no doubt that whatever type of marriage it is, for sure it is not a happy one.Nick went to work in the bar he and his twin sister have bought with Amy's money but some time afterwards, a neighbor will phone to inform him their front door is wide open. Inside he will found blood and shattered glass, Amy is gone. Gone girl.Throughout the book, Amy and Nick speak to the reader directly. They both have their side of story and they tell it day by day in form of diary entries.Because their stories are so conflicting only one is telling the truth, or because they have been lying to each other is it possible that they are lying to reader as well?We would learn how they met at a Brooklyn party, Amy pretending to be the ""cool girl"" to impress Nick. Of course you know what the cool girl is. She plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves sex, eats junk food while 'somehow maintaining a size 2'.It seems that Amy also despise men solicitous of their wives, calling them ""dancing monkeys"" performing pointless tasks and execute ""myriad sacrifices"" for their demanding wives.Gillian Flynn's novel raises some frightening questions about the dark side of marriage exposing cunning cruelties that are ruining long-term relationships; the small victories seized, the moral high ground claimed, the emotional power plays that can and will slowly destroy love.Gone Girl is an intelligent and expertly-made thriller full of real characters, so real you think you know them. Despite novel's darkness, lot of people see gloomy portrayal of a marriage gone awry strangely comforting. Or as one reviewer brilliantly said ""Read Gone Girl -- and stay single"".In the end probably some of the married readers will be reassured that no matter how difficult their own relationship might be it is an improvement on the poisonous Amy and Nick's marriage. Their union plunged in rage, anger and worse emotions.During the ascending tension in the book, author will be making some sharp observations about human relations, men and women roles when they are couple and the ungraspable idea of being happy ever after. As Amy would say ""Friends see most of each other's flaws. Spouses see every awful last bit"".There is something irresistible-to see-unfolding in the spectacle of a husband and wife, who finally understand that they don't really know each other. And one inconvenient question remains in the air - we all knows that behind closed other people's doors no one knows what is going on, but can we be sure what is really happening in our relationship?Gone Girl is proving that marriage can be a real killer and this book will be killer of your free time, for sure. Until you finish it, you will not be able to put it off.Highly recommended.
The only reason I had to continuously put this book down was because I needed a couple breathers.  It was exhausting, but in a good way.  There are so many twists and turns, my mind was constantly working trying to guess what was the next step this story was going to take!""Gone Girl"" begins with Nick waking up on his anniversary to find his wife missing.  It looks as if there was a struggle in the living room so he quickly calls the police.  As with any crime, those closest to the victim are looked at first, and the number 1 suspect is Nick.  The book rotates between Nicks POV and diary entries from Nick's wife Amy.  These entries really make the reader connect and grow close with Amy so that you really hope that we will somehow find her alive somewhere by the end of the book.There are other books that I have read that felt similar to this, but the writing was so good it surpassed anything I have read so far this year.  You will find yourself cheering and booing at characters, and not really knowing who to like in the end.  It is the conflicting character types that make this novel most enjoyable as their development really engages the reader.  Flynn slowly layers on more information as the story progresses, revealing traits that will change your view on each character multiple times.  One minute you will love them, the next hate them, and by the end you won't even know what to think.My dad also read this book and I think he would have docked a star for the ending.  I won't give too much away, but if you are okay with a book that leaves a little mystery at the end, or feels a little cutoff then you are fine.  I thought it was a perfect ending as throughout the book you are wondering what is going to happen next, that it is only right that you keep wondering even after you have finished.This book really made me think - as in rethink getting married!
Here's a one-word review that sums up my reaction to Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl (Crown Publishing, New York, 2012): Wow! I liked the book so much I am inclined to pick it up and read it all over again. Now. If you are looking for a perfect end-of-the-summer read, this is it.Amy and Nick have been married for five years. Indeed, it is there five year anniversary, when suddenly, Amy disappears. Suspicion turns to foul play quickly enough. Divergent perspectives on the marriage unfold in competing narratives presented in alternative chapters. We read entries from Amy's diary, showing a marriage unraveling because Nick is an uncommunicative brooder bordering on violence. Nick's chapters reflect his coping with Amy's disappearance and the gathering circumstantial evidence that he did her in. Is he really describing the same person who wrote the diary?Nick is very much like Scott Peterson, who was convicted and sentenced to death for the murder of his wife and unborn child in California. Did Flynn study the Peterson case for material in this case? If she did not, then all cases of missing wives really do tend toward the same dismal archetype: study the reaction of the husband, look for signs of marital discord, find the other woman, and then bend every circumstance in favor of a conviction. I forgive Flynn her reliance on a reported case. As a criminal defense lawyer I know a truth most readers do not: Reality is often far more bizarre than fiction. Indeed, I turn to fiction for an orderly presentation of the universe; the practice of law is as chaotic as science fiction.Midway through the book, Flynn changes perspectives on Amy's disappearance. The chapters still alternate, presenting the competing points of view of this uniquely unhappy couple. Soon it becomes apparent that although the facts about Amy's disappearance are simple enough, the meaning given to those facts is a matter of misinterpretation. Lurking beneath the easy narrative created by the press and police as they try to determine what has become of Amy is the primitive stuff of which we are made: rage, the all-consuming need to bend the world to our will and our purposes, the need to believe in a reality less grim than our simple imperative to survive, and the too easy reliance on simple stories, stories that obscure complex and messy realities.I do not give away too much if I tell you the book is a study in sociopathy. This young couple made vows to one another, vows that define a marriage. Yet what holds them together seems less a commitment to a life in pursuit of common goals. Need binds them. That need is sometimes destructive. Yet they keep on keeping on. They cling to one another the way we cling to life.What chills about the book is the sense that despite the deceit, the distortions, the lack of any moral sense, the couple differ only in degree, not in kind, from the rest of us. From time to time you wonder whether the action described was a reverie rather than a recollection of an actual event. Flynn has never practiced law, but she knows a lawyer's truth: We are all capable of just about anything. Her genius is transforming an ordinary marriage into a thing of horror. She does so in small steps, steps you hardly know you are taking until you look back and wonder how you could have missed the obvious signs of things going horribly wrong.Marriage and life are like that. I am reminded of Soren Kierkegaard's observation: ""Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.""Gone Girl is must reading for criminal defense lawyers. Consider the first part of the book to be an illustration of the power of circumstantial evidence to deceive. Just because we demand answers to life's untoward events doesn't mean that the best answers we can find are true. The narrative drive has, I suspect, convicted many an innocent man.The second part of Gone Girl is a cautionary tale. What if the conspiracy theorists really are right? How much evidence do we ignore simply because it is inconvenient, or does not make sense? I recall years ago a client insisting that we call the CIA on his behalf. He was an undercover agent, he reported. Not a car thief. He passed his competency hearing with flying colors. When the Defense Department called looking for him we began to wonder just what was going on.The book's final part illustrates the truth of a maxim I've heard wise lawyers repeat from time to time: ""You can lead a client to the courthouse, but you can't make them think."" The claims of reason are overstated. None of us truly live in a universe composed of discrete bargains in the law's shadows. We are all driven by inchoate imperatives that make reason one tool among many. The choice of irrational means to our destined ends is, by definition, unreasonable; but that does not make the irrational wrong.I love this book. You should too. Read it once. And, if you are like me, you will want to read it again. I suspect it will be even better the second time.
I can't believe how long I had this book sitting in my ""to be read"" pile.  If I had known how good it is, I'd have started reading it the day I brought it home.  It's a story about a woman's disappearance under suspicious circumstances and that is one layer of the story.  But it is also a story about two people and a marriage and that is a whole other layer.  Just when you think you know what makes them tick, the author throws another curveball and you have to re-think your assumptions. The pace and details of the book are really well done.I love mysteries and thrillers and this book, though different from most of the standard mysteries or thrillers I read, kept me riveted. The book is written from two different first person perspectives -- Nick and Amy. Nick's part starts in the present and Amy's part starts in the past.It's hard to explain why you like a book when nearly everything you can think of to say what you liked about it would spoil the suspense for people who haven't read it yet.  So I'll just give two pieces of advice -- or cautions.1st caution:  Do not skip ahead even one chapter while reading.  I mean it.  Even if you think you know what's going on and just want to check it out.  Every time there was a new twist or turn (and there are a lot of them!), I'd want to skip ahead.  But I resisted the urge and am very glad I did because it would have ruined everything.2nd caution:  Don't start this book with expectations.  It is a psychological thriller.  Most of the reviews from people who hated this book are because it didn't meet their expectations, especially their expectations for an ending that would make them happy.  But the ending will make you think and a book that makes you think is a very good thing.If you haven't read this book, you should.
I finished this book Tuesday. I've been sitting on this review for five days because I don't know how to write it. Yeah - me...at a loss for words. I assure you, my readers, this is not something that happens often.I cannot say with enough emphasis that every person I know (or don't) should read this book. I'm even nagging my husband to read it because I MUST discuss this novel with someone - soon!  Why are there no literary reading groups in Clarksville, TN??? (Mom, Dad - are you reading this blog???  READ THIS BOOK - we have to talk about it!!!)  It is, hands down, the BEST book I have read in quite a long time. The writing, the plot, the twisted internal conflict, the lengthy disturbing monologues, the sociopathic diatribe of the characters - all FANTASTIC. Fantastic feels cheap as I write this; words fail me.I want to harp on the writing here - well written. Just. Well. Written. A colleague and I discussed Friday how neither of us had any use for a book, regardless of plot, if it wasn't well written. This book is impeccable. The language, the vocabulary, the sentence structure all in unison for full effect of the plot, which is also, well, fantastic.Amazing Amy has it all, except a man. She's spent her life being the focus of her parents very lucrative children's book series based on her.  She IS Amazing Amy. And you will love her, and then you will love to hate her, and then you will love her because she's just so damn smart you can't not love her - the tennis match is endless, or maybe racquet ball, far more intense than tennis. Yes, racquet ball - angry, sweaty, slamming the ball off the wall to the glass and then BAM! hit your partner in the back of the head angry racquet ball.And as Amy lives her sad little ""poor me"" life, Nick Dunne enters. ""Just one olive"" Nick Dunne. Dashing, perfect, smiling, Mama's boy (his mother still peels his oranges and cuts the crusts off his bread even though he's well into his thirties) Nick Dunne. Nick loves Amy. Amy loves Nick. Life is grand.Wait, no one wants to read that book, because frankly, life isn't grand. It is blessed, it is doting, it is caring, it is cruel, but it is not always grand. Enter destruction - Mama's dying. With this life changing event looming in the air, prodigal son (sort of) Nick must return from New York to Missouri (a risk made much easier by the fact that the online industry has killed off the magazine writer and both he and Amy are currently unemployed- side note...super glad I received this book in hardback rather than on my Kindle or I would have felt like a hypocrite reading it). Mama's dies  - you saw it coming. No one uproots their lives for an ailing parent that's going to make it. But, Nick wants to remain in small town USA, slipping back into his old life, his old self, and most notably upsetting his new wife.Make no mistake about it folks, Amy is pissed.Read. This. Book.From the book cover:On a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri, it is Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are being wrapped and reservations are being made with Nick Dunne's clever and beautiful wife disappears from their rented McMansion on the Mississippi River. Husband-of-the-Year Nick Dunne isn't doing himself any favors with cringe-worthy daydreams and the slope and shape of his wife's head, but hearing Amy through flashbacks in her diary reveal the perky perfectionist could have put anyone dangerously on edge. Under mounting pressure from the police and the media - as well as Amy's fiercely doting parents - the town golden boy parades an endless series of lies, deceits, and inappropriate behavior. Nick is oddly evasive, and he's definitely bitter - but is her really a killer? As the cops close in, every couple in town is soon wondering how well they know the one that they love. With his twin sister Margo at his side, Nick stands by his innocence. Trouble is, if Nick didn't do it, where is that beautiful wife? And what was left in that silvery gift box hidden in the back of her bedroom closet?
I would have loved this book if it were just what it seems to be, a well-written examination of a common-enough crime (hell, there's a whole television channel that airs almost nothing but Snapped and shows about women abducted by men)-- a beautiful wife disappears mysteriously.Maybe the husband killed her. Probably, even.The first half of the book is primarily in the pov of Nick Dunne, whose wife Amy mysteriously vanishes in what looks like a home break-in on the day of their fifth anniversary. They are living in Missouri, where he grew up, having moved back when his mother fell ill with cancer. The couple had both lost glam journalism jobs in NYC. Amy is also the model for the ""Amazing Amy"" children's books written by her parents, and a very wealthy, beautiful woman. We also read her diary entries from the time she met Nick until her vanishing, and he comes across as increasingly moody and distant.Flynn is a master at the subtle reveal of details. Nick talks about his ""disposable cell phone"" ringing. Hired killer calling? Girlfriend?The writing is outstanding, funny and vivid. Amy is portrayed as controlling by Nick, leaving clues to an annual anniversary treasure hunt that he sees as a trap to his having forgotten something she'll be mad about... then we see through her eyes how hopeful and loving she is.Gradually we have some things revealed.. we sense Nick is holding back. He is. Hell, he tells us he's lying.But does that mean he killed her?If the book did nothing else, it would be a great book, kind of the way ""Room"" is a terrific book from the pov of someone kidnapped and held hostage for years, and doesn't need to be more than that. But this is not just an inside look at a wife murder.There's a twist, and then another twist, and then another twist.I just couldn't put the book down-- but not for plot only. There is great, vivid, fnny writing, from the pov of both Amy and from Nick.I know some people felt disappointed at the ending. I didn't. I felt the author had actually wrapped up everything that needed to be wrapped up and I realize I was kind of hoping something like that would happen.In the end, the only two people who really know what happened between them are Nick and Amy. But that's how it is in any relationship. Great read, great book, great writer.
The review was originally posted at Library cat book blog.[...]Amy and Nick are celebrating the fifth anniversary of their marriage. Every year they play a game. Amy leaves traces and riddles, hints that lead to each subsequent trace. Each riddle is a reminder of the beautiful moments spent together. But this time, she's gone. Amy disappears. Without a trace, without a clue. While the police are looking for her, her husband is unexpectedly peaceful.Little by little, the real story comes out. What it was supposed to be a perfect marriage in general, wasn't perfect at all. The husband had a mistress and the wife was not happy in the marriage.What actually happened?Did Nick kill his rich wife to get rid of her and keep her money?Did Amy find her marriage life boring and decided to leave?Is Amy kidnapped? In the past she had possessive boyfriend who followed her months after she terminated the relationship. In high school her friend was obsessed with her. Amy's parents were famous writers who created the famous children's series Amazing Amy. Lately, they lacked of money, and Amy had too much.Where is Amy?The story is told from two points of view: the one of Amy and the one of Nick. Two parallel stories, two views of five years of living together. After the story I was left speechless. ""Is this possible?"" How twisted can human mind be? It turns out that Amy is not Amazing Amy at all, and Nick is far from perfect husband. Nothing looks like as it seems.Now I can see why this book is a bestseller. The author goes deep into the human psyche, in twisted human mind. Nick and Amy, two characters who are perfectly fit, two opposites that are basically same. This story makes you wonder what is the limit of human's sick mind? Do we really know the people around us?This book left me speechless. I could not leave until I finished. I recommend to all who like psychological thrillers.
Initially I was planning on doing video review then that changed to a regular written review, but in the end, I decided against both.  Only because I couldn't have talked about this book in detail and coherently without giving away major spoilers. And trust me, you don't want to be spoiled on this.  You want to experience it first hand. So I decided to keep this, short and sweet and as spoiler free as possible.  I enjoyed how it was written from two points of view. It was imperative that it was told in the way it was. we needed to see Amy's take on things as well as Nick's to get the full story. Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer and has great skills in the story telling department.  It was a well paced read and I wanted to read it all the way through in one day, but sadly, life gets in the way and I had to consume this book over a week or so. I savored this over many lunch hours!Let me just say, you start out thinking one thing, but then book goes completely to the left at precisely halfway through the story. Believe me, you'll be like ""What?"" ""OMG?"" ""For real?!"". Can you say Lifetime movie? I loved ever moment of it.  Amy, the wife, is seriously cray-cray. And the husband Nick is an idiot!  I sort of felt pretty quickly that Nick was being setup, but I had no clue how, and then when it came out, I was like ""Well played!""...and I'm not saying what happened! You have to read the book!  I can't even say too much more with out giving away major spoilers, so I'll leave it at that.I opened this book, not knowing what to expect. I heard good things, but I was just hoping I would feel just as great about the book as others did. Most times I'm disappointed, but not in this case, it delivered! I really enjoyed this book.  Like books where several of the major characters are more than a little cray-cray? Like drama? This book is for you.This was my first time reading Gillian Flynn, but it won't be my last!Here are just a few of my favorite quotes:“Republicans go to Sam's Club, Democrats go to Costco.” “There’s something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.” “In truth, I wanted her to read my mind so I didn't have to stoop to the womanly art of articulation.”
Gone Girl is an expertly crafted novel that explores the intricacies of knowing one's partner and examines the lengths one will go to in order to love and also protect oneself from them. On the day of his 5th wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne comes home to find his house in disarray and his wife, Amy, missing. With all evidence pointing to Nick and information about their troubled marriage coming to light, what happened to Amy? Is Nick innocent like he claims or is he responsible for Amy's disappearance? With chapters alternating between Nick's account of present day and Amy's diary of the past few years, it's difficult to figure out what you think happened to Amy.It's incredibly hard to write about this book and all that I love about it without giving you spoilers; in fact, I'm surprised I was able to avoid all of the spoilers myself prior to reading. Of course, there's no way I would ruin such a great book for you, therefore my review can't do this book justice.Part love story, part mystery, part thriller, Gone Girl will surely keep you on your toes. I admit that I didn't really get into the story until about the third time I picked the book up to read. If the first quarter of the book doesn't grab you, have faith and keep reading. I assure you that you will come to the point where you will not be able to put the book down because of all the twists and turns. I often compare great books to tapestries where stories, emotions and characters are expertly woven together. I hate to repeat the comparison, but Gone Girl is the most tightly woven and expertly crafted story I've read in a very long time. Just when you think you have figured everything out, Flynn will weave the story in another direction. Not only is Flynn's storyline intriguing, but the language she uses is vivid, bold, and beautiful. Everything about this book is solid.While I loved the book overall and really appreciated the story, I didn't feel completely satisfied by the ending which is why I'm knocking off half a star in my rating. I won't spoil it, but if you've read the book I'd love to hear what you thought! Please try not to put any spoilers in your comments though. ;) I don't necessarily think this book will change your life or inspire you to change, but it's a great piece of thrilling entertainment.Bottom Line: If you like thrilling reads, entertaining reads, or just plain great stories, I highly recommend this book! And if you're like me and need to read bestsellers before they hit the big screen, read it now! Reese Witherspoon has picked up the rights to produce this as a movie and it's bound to be great! 4.5/5 Stars[...]
When it comes to novels,  I think that we as readers generally believe that we can trust the narrator. We may see the narrator lie to others within the novel, but I think that generally, we know that they're telling the truth to us, because we're the chosen few who get a glimpse of what's going on in that particular character's head.That said, within the first few chapters of Gone Girl (which is told alternating between Nick and Amy as narrator), it becomes obvious that either one or both of the narrators are lying to us. Or at the very least, they're not telling us the complete truth. It shortly becomes obvious that small lies are building and building--but to what end?In the heart-racing second act of the book, we find out just how extensively we've been lied to, and a whole new world of possibility about Amy's disappearance opens up. And let me tell you, it's a doozy. It sort of feels like a descent into madness, as we begin to question everything we know as a reader, because even after we know the WHO, we don't quite yet know the WHY. That is, until Gone Girl moves into the skin-crawling third and final act, in which the reason behind it all is revealed...and it's even more creepy than I ever could have imagined.Gillian Flynn was an author who was not at all on my radar before...but she certainly is now! It's been a long, long, long time since I felt so genuinely surprised by a book. Since I had no idea what to expect or what could possibly be coming next. I'm not sure I've EVER been as severely creeped out while reading a novel as I was when I came to the final pages of Gone Girl...and although it seems strange to wholeheartedly recommend a book for being creepy, I absolutely am. It's indescribable, and you just simply must read it now.
I have read all of Gillian Flynn's Novels.She is truly gifted.Where her gift lies is in writing about 'broken people.'In this I feel she is unparalleled.Her last two novels were more about the broken. In this novel we find the breaking.This book is her most 'mainstream effort.'I don't mean this in a bad way, but it simply is. Note the wider cast to a larger audience and hell...they bit that hook.Flynn writes a narrative that is so engrossing that I literally found it almost impossible to put down. I carried the book with me everywhere and once I hit the last 150 pages there was no interrupting my read. I was entranced.She brought me into the worlds of her two main characters-Nick and Amy.I felt as though I was there for every word, every pinch, every little thing they did and all the people they spoke with were mine to touch, smell, feel and hear.The tension in this book is palpable and, if you are like me, you will be trying to figure it out from page one without intentionally doing so. Enjoy that because in a snap you are there.This book is a brilliant thriller that never stops moving, The pace is so fast that I dare you to make it a week without having finished it (I read this in a couple of days with full-time work, two young kids, a full-time job, etc.)I squirmed, I swooned, I pitched, and I fell with all of it.As for my 5-start rating, it really should be more of a 4.5 star due to a lot of 'suspend your disbelief' moments, but a book is to entertain is it not? A book is to move you. It is to take you to new heights and new lows and keep you so that you don't want it to end.This book accomplishes this in every way and so 5-stars is what it deserves.Thank you Ms. Flynn. I cannot wait until you write another.
A much favored Uncle suggested this book, hinting that it is the best novel of the summer.  I would remove the hint and boldly state this could be the best crime novel of the year.  Naming this a ""crime"" novel is misleading, as there are crimes aplenty within the telling of this stunning work of fiction, but they are an undercurrent.  The story is far more complicated, frightening, surrealistic and down-right mind-bending to limit it to a single genre. Nick Dunne moved to New York City to take a job as a magazine writer.  He meets and marries Amy, a beautiful, wealthy, only child of successful Psychologists and authors and writer of quizzes for women's magazines.  After they lose their jobs, their house and her Trust Fund, they relocate to Missouri, Nick's home state, to care for his ailing parents.  On their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears.  All indications being she was not healthy when she left their ""happy home"" and that Nick is the one who caused her to be missing and probably dead.The first part of the book is routine; I felt I had read this book multiple times: girl is missing, is she dead, husband looks guilty.  The atmosphere of this section is lifeless, rote and predictable.  Then, within two pages, the whole tenor of the book changes and what seemed to be a formatted plot became a mesmerizing excursion into madness.S P O I L E R  A L E R T ! ! ! ! ! ! !Ms. Flynn has captured and accurately described a ""happy"" marriage between a Narcissist and a Sociopath.  The battle that passes for their relationship is such that only one of them will survive intact, yet each needs the other in order for each to fully live life to its fullest.  This is not a ""feel good"" book, it contains graphic violence, very strong language and, particularly in the second half of the book, is filled with the kind of soul-robbing evil only those in intimate relationship can visit upon each other.  Nick knows he has been ""had,"" but only his knowledge of Amy will cause his salvation to occur.  Amy sees what Nick can be and will not rest until that potential is realized and used at all times.Ms. Flynn uses the voices of Nick and Amy as alternating narrators for this tale.  The reader is given the occasion to be ""inside"" the head of each as they move toward the resolution that is exciting in its horrible reality.  Keeping the story clear while frequently changing perspectives is difficult, but the author does this so well that the reader feels as if both characters are talking directly to her/him without the interference of a written medium.  These voices are so clear that they are echoing in the mind of this reader - MUCH longer than he wants them to.I dreaded completing this book, as it was so well written and the story so crisp and original that coming to its end would be like saying farewell to a delightful individual with whom you would like to get to know better.  I was so relieved to have turned the last page of this book, the plotline being so possible, the writing so welcoming the reader into the depths of a situation from which one only wants to escape that I felt trapped.After reading McCarthy's, No Country for Old Men, I knew I had visited the mind of a genius, but it was not a location I ever wanted to visit again.  I have the same feeling about Ms. Flynn.  I need a week (or longer) to decide if I want to read any of her other novels.  It will take at least that length of time to leave North Carthage, MO and the Dunne home.  PLEASE don't tell them where I live.
I had pretty much written this one of as a ""Chick Thriller"" when it first came out.  When it was nominated for the Best Novel Edgar a few weeks ago I thought I'd give it another look, though.  I then found several reviews that clearly stated that this was not Chick Lit, so why not? I'm pretty darn glad I did.To attempt to review this book without spoilers is pretty tough considering it's all the twists and turns that make it so good.  To avoid giving away too much, I'm going to try to use my feelings and thoughts about the book as I went along rather than discuss specific plot points.Within a few chapters I was impressed with author Gillian Flynn's writing.  The author uses both the husband's and wive's POV in alternating chapters.  She is very successful in giving each character their own voice.  There is never any confusion between Nick or Amy's chapters, each feeling as though different people did write them.  She is able to distinguish each not only through writing style, but through the differences of male and female psychology.All is good for a while and the reader is thrown a revelation here and there, but nothing too shocking.  Just under halfway through the book, though, it really started to lose me.  I felt like I was reading an adaptation of a bad, cliched Lifetime movie.  This was ""Chick Lit"" and I've been robbed!  I was ready to toss it aside like so many other reviewers and commenters here have.About 20 pages after my breaking point I couldn't put it down.  Just like so many characters in the book, I had been fooled... rocked to sleep with a bedtime story, never that there was a monster under the bed.  In 20 or 30 pages so many seemingly unimportant threads and clues from the first half come slamming together so quickly that I felt like I had to stop to catch my breath.  From here on out the pace of the book never relents.  Flynn never lets you forget how you were just as easily duped as the sheep following the tabloid headlines.By the end I was exhausted both physically and mentally.  Not only did it keep me up half the night, it threw one curveball after another at my brain.  This one is a great read for anyone that like a good page-turner, psychological dramas, or even old fashioned noir.  You're doing yourself a disservice is you pass this one by because you think it's a chick book or if you bail on it early because it gets a little tedious - it's supposed to!
What I Liked: 1) I loved the way this was written. Written like diary entries that recap the day or part of the day that Nick has experienced. I think it was the best way for the reader to get into the book and to piece together the details of what has been happening. 2) Amy. The missing wife. It's hard for me to explain her without giving a huge part of the book away, but I thought her character was great. (For those of you who've read it, I didn't think she was a great in a ""I want to be like her"" kind of way. Great in a ""she made the story really interesting"" kind of way.) 3) The mystery and suspense. My family is really into crime shows, so we watch a lot of those. I always enjoy the ones where we (the viewers) know more about what is going on than the characters in the show. So I liked that aspect of the story. Since we got several different perspectives in the book, not just Nick's, the readers get information that Nick doesn't get, or that the police don't have. Instead of the reader having to wait for the police to solve whatever crime this is, we can make our own conclusions. It makes me feel smart when I can solve it (before the fictional characters). Wow, I have some high standards, don't I? Being smarter than fictional people. 4) The crazy, insane ending. This ending makes the whole book worth it. Again, I won't say much to avoid giving anything away, but I was fascinated.What I Didn't Like: Nothing!Overall Thoughts: If you like mystery, step outside your YA comfort zone to give this one a read. It definitely deserves the awards it has won. Gillian Flynn has a gift for throwing curves at you that you never expect and for pulling together a fascinating story with a killer ending. I'm keeping her on my list of authors to watch!
Read other reviews on Black Bifocals- a book review blog![...]The first thing I do when I read New York Magazine is turn to the last page and read The Approval Matrix. On the week of June 11, 2012 Gilllian Flynn's Gone Girl was featured and read ""a thriller with an insane twist and in insidiously realistic take on marriage."" I generally do not read thrillers or mysteries but I had nothing in my queue and the ""insane twist"" description was alluring.Too much of a summary runs the risk of ruining this deliciously crafted, suspense filled treat. In short, Nick and Amy are an unhappily married couple when Amy goes missing on their five year anniversary.  On each anniversary, Amy plans an elaborate scavenger hunt a reluctant Nick is expected to embrace.  The clues she leaves behind this year and the police investigation add to the ever increasing suspense of the book. The book alternates between Nick's take on his crumbling marriage and Amy's thoughts as revealed through her diary.  Nick's clear distaste for his wife and Amy's saccharine diary entries reveal the disparate feelings each spouse holds. I was so glad I knew virtually nothing about Gone Girl because as I read, my incredulousness grew leaps and bounds.  Ordinarily I become very frustrated when mysteries take too long to unfold or when the author tortures its readers by providing no satisfaction until the very end.  My general lack of patience does not jive with drawn out answers.  What I especially liked about this book is the constant gratification Flynn provides and the endless stream of more craziness that promises to unfold.  I will divulge that getting inside the mind of a psychopath was beguiling and had me wishing I had the same intelligence (minus the crazy component).This is one of those books where you wish you could suspend time and just read.  Any obligations or responsibilities will be met with annoyance on your part.  I found myself ignoring my visiting sister, wishing my kids went to bed at 2 PM, and setting a bed time for myself so I would not lose the inordinate amount of sleep I require in order to function.  My DVR recordings dangerously read 97% full.  I missed The Real Housewives of New York and Orange County, Nurse Jackie, and Girls (show pics). On a side note, if you have not been watching Girls on HBO, you are missing out on a real gem.  But I digress.I finished Gone Girl in three days.  It might have taken longer, but I was lucky enough to have an appointment with a new doctor over an hour away.  I used the long trip as an excuse to leave the house exceptionally early. I was dreading the appointment so I justified giving myself extra time to find a coffee shop and read once I found the general location of the office. After reading for a looong time, I begrudgingly went on my way.  As I sat in the paper gown, immersed in the continuously growing plot development, Dr.  ""K"" entered and my heart dropped.  I immediately recognized her from high school, but she was not in my graduating class.  I said nothing until the very thorough examination ended.  I could have kept my mouth shut because I was confident she had no idea, but my curiosity forced me to confirm my suspicions.  She graduated two years ahead of me and her younger sister had dated my brother.  Rather than die of embarrassment, I asked for my out of reach Nook before she left the room to bring me some samples.  Why the story?  I was too absorbed in the book to imagine the conversation she might have with her sister, her friends, her colleagues, her husband, her neighbors, or passing strangers at my expense.  I did fire off a quick text to my best friend about the incident, but I went back to reading instead of dwelling on my humiliation.I have recommended Gone Girl to readers and non-readers alike.  No one has been disappointed.  Read this book yesterday!
This is the third of Gillian Flynn's novels.  I read the first, Sharp Objects, liked it but I passed on the second.  I had not planned to read Gone Girl but it was talked about all last year and wound up on just about every 2012 Best Book list. So I took a chance and I am so glad that I did. I was well aware of the basic plot - a wife disappears on her fifth wedding anniversary and there is evidence of foul play, and that's all I'll mention about the plot.  But I do want to write a few words about what I liked so much about the book.  I give very few 5 star ratings, something less than 10% of what I read, but I never had any doubts about the story once I got into it.  It is told in a very interesting fashion, not just the he said, she said alternating chapters, but we are hearing the wife's voice via her diary beginning just before she met her husband. The husband's, Nick, story is told from the day the wife, Amy, went missing and then each day thereafter.  There are many surprises along the way and after the first 30-40% the book is very hard to put down, and I rarely say that about any book.  The writing is just excellent. Twists aside, the characters are always true to the picture we are painted early on and you get the feeling you know these people inside out.  Yes, the story builds to a great climax, but this is one of those rare stories where it is not about the climax.  It's the whole story, A to Z, and what we learn about these two people and the dozens of others who are critical characters.  So far I don't think I have said anything that hundreds of reviewers haven't already mentioned - but I can add one observation that particularly resonated with me.  After reading ""Gone Girl"" I will never follow an ongoing investigation into a major ""breaking news"" murder, abduction, or whatever (eg OJ Simpson, JonBenet Ramsey) with the same set of assumptions as I had before. Flynn skewers the casts of these ""reality shows"" so perfectly and mercilessly. And for that reason alone I will certainly read Flynn's next.
If you are not a subscriber to my reviews, you probably did not notice that December has been the Month of Gillian Flynn for me. I went on chronological order of her writing, starting with SHARP OBJECTS, moving to DARK PLACES, and finally ending with GONE GIRL, by far her bestseller. GONE GIRL has gone on to be one of the best-selling books of 2012, and once I'd caught up, I was eager to get my hands on this one. But let's start with the little nitpicks...This book was not perfect. In fact, after the first part of the book totaling about 200 pages, I was not entirely hooked. I was interested, but more than that, there was something keeping me at an arm's length. It seemed like the usual story of missing husband. Also, I was pretty sure that I had figured out the twist early on and spoiled the ending for myself. I kept waiting for the inevitable to happen.Turns out, I did spoil myself. But you know what? By the end, with the number of twists and turns packed into the last 50% or so, I wasn't caring about having spoiled a tiny bit of it for myself. I was more concerned with the specifics. Ms. Flynn layers them on bit by bit, heavy details that build into thick repositories of evidence that make everything so unbelievable and so dramatic.Like the rest of Ms. Flynn's books, GONE GIRL is not for the faint of heart. It is dramatic, extremely dark, very disturbed, and on many levels gory and inhumane. There is psychological torture, death, depravity, and deceit. But this is the story of a marriage that is damaged beyond repair, and the lengths people go to cover up lies. Our main narrator, Nick, is a husband who came home to Missouri after his life in New York crumbled. His wife Amy has gone missing, leaving behind a journal that paints Nick in a very bad light. Nick's been having an affair with a college student, and as the evidence stacks up against him, the entire country turns against him. Did Nick murder Amy?GONE GIRL is the epitome of a book with an unreliable narrator. Nick's lies begin to confuse the reader, and eventually, instead of empathizing, you're asking yourself, ""Did he actually do it?"" The characters in this were remarkable and completely fleshed out. There was nothing cardboard or stock about these. From the Dunnes to their families to the lawyers and television personalities and neighbors, this book was full of life from the supporting case especially.As for the prose? While not on the level of literary greats, there is little to be missed about Flynn's style of writing. The plot is expertly woven and intricate down to the every last detail involved. Ms. Flynn has set herself apart as one of the best thriller writers of the past several decades, and her career can only go up from here.I do have one nitpick about the movie casting (yes, this will hopefully become a film) possibilities. I know Reese Witherspoon is producing, and she's favored to play Amy, but please - NO!VERDICT: One of the most depraved books I've ever read, and one of the most obsessively readable, GONE GIRL is full of lies, twists, and deceptions that make it truly thrilling. A must read.
The plot of GONE GIRL: A Novel by Gillian Flynn concerns a wife who disappears from her home in Mssouri while her husband is at work.  The details of this plot are covered elsewhere and most of those who are disappointed focus on the conclusion.  They hate it.  SInce most of these same critics say they enjoyed - even loved - the story that preceeded the 'ending', I have a hard time figuring out how they thought anything else was even possible much less more appropriate.  If you believed that a long term relationship (5 years+) was even possible between such disfunctional, dishonest, and even violent people the the ending is powered by the same logic and circumstance that kept them together through the part of the book those readers enjoyed. The idea that one partner could eventually accept, even enjoy, going back to living (for the rest of their days?) with a murderer who has also tried to send them to jail, makes perfect sense if you look at the forces that attracted and bound them for the duration of the first five years.  This couple had built a relationship on perverse motivations with twisted strategies for dealing with those motivations.  Of course any 'resolution' should be just as unconventional and bizarre.  What would have made these readers happy?  Should one of them just been taken to trial, convicted, and sentenced to jail.  If this 'normal' outcome makes sense, then this couple should have had a more 'normal' relationship to begin with; the book should have been  a more 'normal' mystery.  But the characters did not, and the book did not - so the conclusion should not have been 'normal'.  Perhaps even more significantly an ending that has these two weirdos ending up having to live with each other, depend on each other for companionship,  is so much more 'punishing' than simply sending them to jail or killing one off.  They got the life they deserved and the book had a twisted ending that was a logical - and appropriate -  outcome of that life. Gone Girl: A Novel
I think I can confidently say, after reading this book, that I'm a total member of the Gillian Flynn fan club. Gone Girl is a stunning piece of fiction, excellently delivered and expertly wielded by Flynn.Told through two parallel story lines, Flynn's plot revolves around the disappearance of Amy Elliott Dunne, a former New York personality test writer. Immediately, probably because it's what's typical in cases like this, all the blame points toward her husband, Nick, another former writer from New York, who, after being laid off, moved his wife and himself back to Missouri to take care of his ailing parents. He now runs a bar with his twin sister, Margo. And they're both miserable. They both regret the decision to have come down in the first place. They both are starting to regret knowing each other.What keeps this from delving into your typical Law & Order: SVU sort of procedural are the voices. Yes, it's a book that realizes how to use first person, and knows how to use it well. Both Nick and Amy lie incessantly to each other and to the reader, so you can't trust what's going on line by line in the novel. There's a gray area between the competing narratives and that's about as close as you get to the truth here. Flynn questions, though, what is the truth? If one person sees something this way, and another this other way; if someone manages to make people think this, could that be true?The mystery itself serves as a backdrop to watching this deteriorating marriage, these tense, terse sequences between people who are having a difficult time caring for one another any more. At the end of every chapter, I wanted to take a breather, go for a walk, pet the dog, do something happy or whatever, but Flynn's writing is so captivating I just wanted to return to it.It's a bleak dark world, full of twists and turns. Flynn's knowledge of the genre, her sending the characters one way or the other because that's how people are expected to behave further adds to the suspense. They're trapped in a public conscious story, and they have to exploit it together to be able to win. It's stunningly strong, the emotions are earned, the action is intense (take a look at when Nick and some other guys go to an abandoned mall to confront some squatters), and the novel is probably one of the best of 2012.
I loved the shifting perspectives of Nick and Amy. It gave more depth to the characters as well as the story and raises the bar in the guessing game of did he, didn't he. Nick's chapters focus on the disappearance and investigation while Amy's focuses on the backstory of their marriage.There are twists and turns, a few of which I expected but most of which I did not and Flynn does it so perfectly she just slides it in when you least expect it.  The writing is brilliant and edgy. Flynn is a powerful storyteller and takes an oft told story and shapes it into something great with layer after layer of intrigue and deception.At the heart of this book is a novel about marriage and love and how that can change over time and become something dark and far from the love and devotion it started as.Another aspect of the novel Flynn delves into is the media as judge and jury. In today's world, you can turn on the news and there is bound to be a story about a missing woman and the husband as the prime suspect. We've all seen Dateline but can the media skew our perspective, of course. Does it mean all husbands are guilty, no.  Nick appears guilty at times, in front of the camera and off, but just because he comes across negatively in the press, should we assume he killed Amy?I am finding it really difficult to talk about this book because I don't want to give anything away. All I can say is pick up this book and read it, you won't be disappointed, and it's well worth it. I hesitated for a long time before giving in, writing it off as something that wouldn't live up to the hype but in this case I was wrong, it deserves the hype, Flynn as proven she is a master storyteller and I'm looking forward to reading her other books.
I won't waste time going over the plot points, or giving a synopsis.  In fact, this book is so much better if you don't know a whole lot of information going in.  It starts off seeming like your average first person crime/suspense novel, then you get the added bonus of the missing woman's perspective from her secret diary entries.  This holds up as a good read on its own. Then half way through, just when you think maybe you are starting to figure things out, a huge twist gets thrown in the mix.  Things get 10 times more interesting, and the twists and intrigue just keep coming after that, right up until the very end!  Some people will likely hate the ending of this book, the same people who hated the ending of ""LOST"" or ""The Sopranos"", the folks who like everything to be tied up into a neat knot and bow at the end. So few things in life have a tidy ending, and in my opinion the ending was almost perfect.  I won't elaborate, as it would give to much away.On another note, I loved how the author cast light on an issue that I think is a huge problem right now.  How a person's guilt is so often decided in the media instead of a court of law.  How so called ""tv journalists"" make their careers by convicting a person before their trial, and persecuting them in the media regardless of the verdict, regardless of the truth, and regardless of who is hurt by it.  And they will keep doing it, because people lap it up!  People who have no knowledge of the case, beyond what is leaked, to the news, will condemn and gleefully judge.  Will ask ""why the police aren't doing anything about it?"" as if a case can be built, solved, and tried in an hour just like on tv. If it happened to you or someone you love, you'd be outraged.  So please think about that the next time you spend hours watching coverage of the ""Casey Anthony"" trial, or whoever the next media scapegoat is.  Whether they are guilty or not is for a jury to decide, not for the media to cash in on.  We can blame the media for being irresponsible all we want, but the bottom line is, they wouldn't do it if we didn't keep making them rich off of it.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is the story of a marriage gone wrong. Both Nick and Amy have recently lost their jobs and moved from New York City to North Carthage, Missouri, in order to care for Nick's dying mother. As the novel opens, Nick and Amy are supposed to be celebrating their fifth wedding anniversary. Instead Amy has disappeared under suspicious circumstances and all the evidence makes Nick looks guilty. As the media attention increases on Nick, he pleads for his wife to come home, but citizens of his home town as well as the country are sure Nick is guilty of foul play in Amy's disappearance.Chapter's alternate between Nick and Amy. Nick's chapters follow a current time line and the ongoing criminal investigation. In the first section Amy's chapters start out as diary entries that begin back before they were married and continue up to her disappearance.In this psychological thriller, the writing is stunning, clever, subtle, witty, and chillingly suspenseful. Just when I thought I had things figured out, there was a twist... and another... and another. The plot is incredibly layered and the truth is slowly revealed. The characters are all well developed, multidimensional and complex individuals with faults and strengths, just like real people. Just when you know you love or hate a character, Flynn will add yet another dimension to them and change your preconceived ideas of what is going on. This is story-telling at it's finest.I read Gone Girl  in a day not because it was a quick read, but because it is that good. Between the exceptional writing and the phenomenal plot Girl Gone is sure to make my top ten reads of 2012. Read it. And, if you haven't done so already, read Gillian Flynn's earlier novels: Dark Places and Sharp Objects.Very Highly Recommended - one of the best
Gone Girl"" just became my all-time favorite novel beating out ""The Time Traveler's Wife"", ""To Kill A Mockingbird"", ""The Great Gatsby"" and, perhaps lesser known, ""The Gargoyle"", and ""April & Oliver"". Gillian Flynn just became my ultimate literary crush. As a writer of contemporary fiction, I have a true appreciation for the mastery of writing. Ms. Flynn's command of language, narrative, and dialog is a talent to behold. I first read the Kindle version of ""Gone Girl""; and then I bought the hardcover copy so I could feed my incessant need to study her talent and better understand her literary technique and style. Flynn's ability to bring out both the worst and best in her characters is easily splayed across each and every page. No notion is left unexplored or unattended as Flynn effectively dismantles the romanticism that still persists around the quest for the perfect marriage, the perfect relationship, and in being the perfect beautiful couple for the world. Flynn toys with readers at the beginning and in her own fastidious way lets the story out in infinitesimal detail in the very first paragraph on page one:""What are you thinking, Amy? The question I've asked most often during our marriage, if not out loud, if not to the person who could answer. I suppose these questions stormcloud over every marriage: What are you thinking? How are you feeling? Who are you? What have we done to each other? What will we do?""Just the choice use of the verb stormcloud bowls me over. Wow.Readers slowly discern that handsome Nick Dunne is not all that he portrays himself to be and that his narcissism is not all that far removed from his reality, nor is he all that sorry about it.The unraveling begins. And, it takes a while for readers to realize it is ""us"".""Okay,"" we say, even as we start to guess what's gone wrong here. But, do we really know?And, just when we think we've figured it out, the story gets more sinister as Flynn subtly reminds all of us that this roller coaster ride is far from over. And,as she finesses further with growing intrigue, readers are introduced to Amy through a variety of diary entries. Invariably, readers will buy into all of this clever character's thoughts and feelings--hook, line and sinker. We're all but drowning in the psychotic push-pull of the back and forth narrative of these two, even while we sense the unraveling that exudes so deliberately from both Amy and Nick.Invariably, as readers, we will want to save the victims. But, which ones are they? Who do we save? Ourselves? Flynn flexes her literary brilliance throughout this novel, both in her ability to write and tell the story, but also in the subtle way she keeps all of us captivated by it...<more> at: bit(dot)ly/GRsReviewGoneGirl
In this clever mystery, Flynn explores how women have lost out in our current culture. Amy ends up vanishing, physically as well as emotionally, subsumed into presenting a false front to the man she wants.Amy knew Nick wanted a ""Cool Girl...hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes...while somehow maintaining a size 2...Cool Girls are above all hot"" (p 222).This is today's pinup. The bawdy equal of men in every way.Amy complains she ""waited patiently--years--for the pendulum to swing the other way, for men to start reading Jane Austen...But it never happened. Instead, women across the nation colluded in our degradation! Pretty soon Cool Girl became the standard girl. Men believed she existed...Every girl was supposed to be this girl"" (p 223).What Amy wanted was love. Mr. Darcy.The sheer misery of most women today has been recounted by study after study. They all show a dramatic decline in the level of female happiness over the last 50 years. Romantic want in a time of sexual plenty. Women complain they have somehow missed their chance at love, in a world where only love brings happiness.To the extent Amy can conceive of right and wrong, she views things as right or wrong in terms of cool. Never in morals, of course. But as one of the honored members of the chattering class from Manhattan--you have achieved the highest status possible if you are a writer, irregardless of the fact that writers are no longer needed--Amy is horrified to recount the lack of cool in fly-over country. Amy shudders to relay that she was served ""little fried things and drank cocktails made from ice cream"" (p 96). You can almost hear the revulsion throb through her at the possibility of ""chicken Frito casseroles"" (p 96).Chicken Frito casserole? Can anything be more...wrong?Clever writing and a book that works on many different levels.
Looked forward to picking up this book every evening.  Captivated by the characters and wanting to shake the husband Nick to bring himback to his senses!Have since purchased this authors two previous publications with great expectations,
Another great novel by Gillian Flynn. Interesting characters and plot.  I have read both Sharp Objects and Dark Places and enjoyed them immensely.  Hopefully Gillian Flynn will have another novel soon. Love her stories and the psychological twists.
I love this book.  If I could have read this book straight through I would have.  I didn't want to put it down.  There is a great story of a woman who disappears and her husband is accused of the crime.  He tries to figure out what happened to her.
There were so many twists and turns in the plot of ""Gone Girl"" that it was difficult to put the book down and get on with my day/evening.  Excellent read!  Greatg story line!  First time I've enjoyed a novel but didn't care for the main characters!
I can't recall the last time I enjoyed reading a thriller/mystery story this much. The plot revolves around Nick and his wife,Amy-on the morning of their 5th wedding anniversary Amy disappears. There's blood and sign of a struggle at the couples home-police suspect foul play so of course-their prime suspect is the husband. The story is told from Nick and Amy's perspective (Amy's by way of diary entries). Amy is the only child of 2 psychologists who made their living writing a children's book series ""amazing Amy"",each book involves some moral battle that amazing Amy conquers (play nice,don't bully etc) but the ""real"" Amy has spent her life trying to meet the expectations of ""amazing Amy"". Nick,on the other hand comes from a rather broken home-abusive father and a mom who ""baby's"" her kids-especially Nick to try and make up for her lousy husband. Nick and Amy should be good together right??? But if I'd had Sherlock Holmes beside me-I believe I still couldn't have predicted the many twists and turns this story takes. This is a ""I'll just read to end of the chapter and I'll stop for a bit""but,dang here comes a twist/turn/cliffhanger! You have to read on-what will happen next?? I can't say more without giving away the plot. All is not what is seems - neither couple is blameless in regards to marital mistakes. But I assure you-you will not see the end coming-you could not guess how twisted things become. Beautifully written and very,very clever. I will cherish this read for a long while! And thanks to Amazon I have Miss Boyles other 2 novels to read-I just have to be sure to start them when I know I have at least 2 days free.  Read this book! Stay up all night to figure out what will happen next!! What a gem!
Puts Hitchcock to shame...As much as I hated the characters and the outcome (do we really know, though?) I have to admit this is one very talented author. I'm going to reread this after awhile because the twists are so hard to unravel.
I really enjoyed this book, it was thought provoking. The main characters were both unlikable but I couldn't stop reading. I'm surprised she didn't take out her revenge on the two people at the cabins. I'm now looking forward to seeing the movie.
Took sometime to get into the book, so it took me weeks to get back to it, but so glad I stuck with it. As the reader I couldn't figure out what the story was until close to the end, but stay with it, you'll be clued to see what will will unfold.
Great read if....you enjoy well written and crafted fiction, witty lines, suspense, crime drama, giant plot twists, looks at relationships, looks at human emotions, looks at how the media shapes ones views and emotions, and a very twisted ending.
Great plot with an unusual twist.  one of the best mysteries I have ever read ! The characters were so real and i loved all the references to life in the midwest, having grown up there.  if you love a complex story plot  this is the book for you.
I gave this book 5 stars because it really hooked me and reeled me in completely--and not many books can do that.  After reading the good reviews, I bought it on impulse late one night and started it with high hopes.  Each chapter is told by either the husband Nick or his wife Amy.  To say that their marriage is in deep trouble is to state the obvious from the synopsis; their marriage is a competition to see which one can ""win"" and how happy they can be--every minute of every day. Therefore, at the beginning, their marriage is happy as long as each of them sustains the ""honeymoon,""---doing all of the things that please the other.  It begins to deteriorate when each of them cannot sustain the ""happy"" act and adjust to the reality of marriage. In Nick's chapters, I root for Nick and in Amy's chapters, I root for Amy. I find that I am completely drawn in to each character--superb character development--I'm actually experiencing what each character is experiencing.  UNTIL--UNTIL--UNTIL--Amy suddenly throws down all pretenses and reveals herself to be a character quite different from what I have assumed.  She is evil incarnate--a psycho--and her husband has to figure out how to beat her at her own game.  At that point, all of my sympathies change over to Nick, and I actually start to feel a little sorry for Amy as she is lured into his trap.  THEN--Amy pulls a shocker of her own and ""one-ups"" her husband.  By this point,I've found that I can't put the book down,(I am still immersed in each character).  Now I can't wait to see justice served-- so I wait--and wait--and wait--and wait---! I was surprised, shocked, and DISAPPOINTED at the ending (very disappointed in Nick's decision, but what other decision could he make?)  I thought to myself--I've stayed up, read every free minute, and lost sleep--for this ending??!  In retrospect, Gillian Flynn probably planned this reaction all along--it certainly reiterates the question:  HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW YOUR SPOUSE--OR ANYONE????I recommend this book if you want to get involved emotionally and feel completely drained at the end!!!---OK, a footnote about the language in the book. Although I am not a prude, I was offended by the amount of slutty language and choice of expletives. Yes, I made the choice to continue reading it, and yes, I gave it a great review, but I want others to be forewarned. This in no way, however, negates my positive review of a well-written thriller.
(This is an entirely spoiler-free review)Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl"" intrigued me from the start--here was what looked like a rote thriller, by an author I was only dimly aware existed, and it was getting reviews portraying it as the best entry in the genre in years.  Expecting nothing (I'm used to being disappointed by so-called next big things) I dove in; and I realized, less than half way through, that this book deserves every bit of praise it's been given, and probably even more.""Gone Girl"" is the story of Nick and Amy, and their unhappy marriage that seems on the brink of total dissolution when they move from New York back to Missouri to be with his sick mother.  On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy suddenly goes missing, and all signs immediately indicate that Nick has done something horrible to his wife.  Normally, a book like this, with this sort of set up, would be all about stringing the reader along on a journey to find out what happened to Amy.  But Flynn is, frankly, a brilliant writer (or at least has this one brilliant idea), and ""Gone Girl"" is quite unlike any thriller you've ever read.First, the question of ""What"" is dispensed with by the halfway mark, as the reader becomes fully aware of exactly what the answer is to the central mystery: we find out, in great detail, exactly what has happened to Amy, and the second half of the book becomes a puzzle of why it has happened, and how it has been done.  It's darned risky, especially for a book that in so many ways is firmly grounded in the thriller genre, but Flynn pulls it off perfectly, drawing the reader in with well-drawn characters that we truly begin to believe in.And speaking of characters, Flynn takes another risk in that this is a book in which the only ""good guys"" we meet are mostly background characters.  The main characters are all so flawed that, indeed, to simply call them ""flawed"" seems like a gross understatement.  We meet some horrible, horrible people in this book, and it's a testament to Flynn's skill that we still care about them.  She does such a good job that when bad things happen to them the reader's immediate response is to feel bad for them, and then to feel bad for feeling bad.But again, the true wonder of this book is going through all the questions of how and why, and it's a journey that can't possibly feel like anything but a letdown by the end, if only because we've enjoyed the journey itself so much we don't WANT it to end.""Gone Girl"" is as close to perfect of a book as you're likely to come across for a very, very long while.  And I can probably give no greater praise for it than to say that even though I wasn't well acquainted with Gillian Flynn before ""Gone Girl"", I now feel the need to rush out and pick up her other novels as fast as I can.
By the time Nick Dunne provides us, his avid readers, with this insight into his character, we've already figured it out, thanks to Gillian Flynn's masterful ability to drop one twist after another into this chilling tale, in such as a way to cause a kind of literary double take of such magnitude that if it were a physical response, I'd by now be hospitalized with whiplash.This is certainly the best thriller I'll read this year, and possibly this decade -- and I don't say that lightly. Flynn took me on a hair-raising journey, the equivalent of speeding along a slick, twisting highway at night, with not even a railing separating the car from a plunge down a cliff and into the ocean -- and I simply couldn't put the novel down. Every time I thought I had figured out where she was taking me -- and at what point this novel would relapse into classic ""thriller mode"", with a relatively predictable denouement -- she proved me wrong. Better yet, she made each twist completely convincing.The novel itself is the saga of an unraveling marriage that climaxes in the disappearance of Amy Elliott Dunne, Nick's wife, on their fifth wedding anniversary. It's an ironic nod of sorts to so many true-life tragedies (there's even a vitriolic Nancy Grace-style television commentator!), but also a deep dive into a kind of toxic relationship that had me thinking three or four times about every individual I've come into contact with. Amy is the photo-perfect victim: blond, beautiful, the model for her parents' best-selling series of children's books featuring ""Amazing Amy"". But just how amazing is Amy? Well, fairly -- if perhaps not in the sense that we are used to viewing our ""victims"". The slow and gradual revelation of the layers of this story is tantalizing; the nature of what is revealed is chilling. And the real climax of the book is quite possibly the best I've read in any thriller -- Flynn shuns any thought of the ""easy out"" when looking for a conclusion, and the final pages left me gasping in astonishment at her imagination and the effortless way she holds all the strands of this narrative together -- and at the plot itself. If this isn't turned into a blockbuster movie, Hollywood execs should be lined up against a wall and shot.On holiday and it's raining, or too hot to go outside? Grab this, and you'll forget about your sunburn, your heatstroke, the mosquito bites and pretty much anything else. On the other hand, it will make you re-evaluate everything your spouse says and does for days and quite possibly weeks... It's not literature, but it's the epitome of a ""thumping good read"", and you should stop reading this review now and just go get it -- bookstore, library or just purloin your friend's copy before he/she has finished. 4.5 stars, rounded up.Full disclosure: I got an advance reading copy of this book via NetGalley.
GONE GIRL deserves 5 stars primarily because it wears so many hats at once: page-turning suspense thriller, razor-sharp social commentary, and an unflinching analysis of the peaks and valleys of marriage.  This book is the rare intersection of chart-topping fiction and actual literature.  It is the perfect summer read, digestible in several days (you won't be able to pace yourself) AND feels like a book you will never forget.  The hundreds of other reviews should give a sense of the basic story, which starts precisely on July 5, 2012 - the day I finished this masterpiece.  Commentary on plot-specific points is too risky to spoil any one of the numerous roller-coaster twists and turns in the plot - suffice it to say this book is NOT a one-trick pony that some one can solve or predict halfway through.  Instead, the plot develops much like a real relationship might - learning some ugly truths about two spouses, Amy and Nick, little by little, with both actual and figurative puzzles being posed and solved as you go - the perfect analog to the novel's main point: you are likely to feel the most intense feelings - infatuation, despair, attraction, resentment, bonding, and contempt - all at once - for the same person in your life - whether it's a spouse, a partner, a sibling, a parent, or a friend (or one of each as life progresses).  The alternating narrators and initially-disparate timelines were not distracting - this mechanism is often employed clumsily by authors, but Gillian Flynn hits it like a tuning fork - each shift in voice and time felt like a long-awaited drink of water quenching the reader's thirst.  The two main characters are anything but cliche (and to those critics who dismissed the diary from the opening section as 'teenage' in voice - I think you missed a major plot point) - you will laugh and cringe about aspects of both husband and wife as their respective stories and perspectives unfold.  The author certainly doesn't pull her punches when addressing intimacy - and it's so refreshing to read something that is neither majestically Elizabethan nor cliche-James Bond-cool when it comes to the bedroom (the analysis of ""The Cool Girl"" could have stood as an award-winning essay all by itself) - the author lends a very credible voice to the inner thinking of both genders on the most taboo of topics - without anything seeming gratuitous, since so much of the novel is devoted to the mental chess game being played out between husband and wife over years.  Yet above all of this excellent ""thought process"" analysis - pages and pages of compelling reflections on life's mundane yet essential issues - is the main event - a ticking time bomb of confrontation, suspense, mystery, and drama - making the book as addictive as it is fulfilling, with flashbacks enriching the characters (or, at least, their points of view - which serve as a literary musical chairs game as the novel progresses).  The reviews that characterize this novel as a ""whodunit"" do a disservice - GONE GIRL is far more complicated - and you will have that answer long before the last page - this novel isn't meant to be solved, like the 6-books-a-year-will-he-find-the-bomb-or-solve-the-code ""thrillers"" we see cranked out - instead, GONE GIRL is meant to be savored - I found myself reading parts over and over even before I was finished - sometimes because a second pass of a certain clue (there IS literally a puzzle being solved for much of the book - but it's presented so authentically, and ingrained in the plot, that it doesn't feel contrived) provided a completely different meaning - and sometimes because re-reading Amy or Nick's perspective on some issue or memory provides new depth the second time through - rather than hanging her hat on some artificially constructed solution, the author seeds GONE GIRL with dozens of trip wires, some of which will detonate long after you first walked past them - collectively providing a very satisfying read.  Some reviews criticized the ending as a letdown - I respectfully think those readers missed the main point of the novel - this is NOT simply a crime thriller, anymore than marriage is simply a ceremony and honeymoon - the novel, like the institution of marriage that it examines - deals (often with purposeful hyperbole) with the yet-unanswered question of ""What do we do with each other when the cheering stops?""  GONE GIRL provides a better analysis of the highs and lows, and aspirations and regrets, that are a behind-the-scenes fixture to every marriage than most non-fiction marital advice books do - and without seeming preachy, or one-sided, tackles the issues of how childhood and parenthood and temptation and familiarity collectively rain a lifelong meteor shower down on every couple to strain the fabric of love-everlasting.  Again, no punches pulled when it comes to calling out the endless ways couples negligently (or purposely) drift from the highest emotional highs to the grumbling, time-wearied lows - if your head is not spinning from the twists and turns of the main plot, it will certainly be as you read the mental twists and turns that each spouse offers on the topic of what makes a relationship work, and what kills it (figuratively or otherwise).  GONE GIRL deserves the praise used for Amy's fictional offshoot (read the book) and Amy's working title for a manuscript - ""Amazing"" -  I loved the book from cover to cover, both as a suspenseful mystery to be solved, and a wide-ranging examination of the engine of marriage to be considered.
can not say enough good things about this book.  Seriously.  I can not.  Because most of what I want to say would involve spoilers.  It would involve me saying things like, ""I was totally blown away when...."" or ""Oh my gosh, I couldn't believe it when...""  Trust me.  This is a book you want to read with someone.  You will want someone to talk with about it.It begins with Nick getting a call from his neighbor telling him that his front door is open and his wife's cat is out on the porch.  So, Nick rushes home and finds that indeed his door is open and the beloved, never go outside cat, is outside.  He becomes even more disturbed when he goes inside and finds the living room in a shambles and no sign of his wife Amy.The next chapter is Amy speaking.  It is Amy's diary from when her and Nick first met.The story continues with alternating Nick and Amy.  Nick current with the events surrounding Amy's disappearance and Amy in the past leading up to today.That's all I can tell you.  Really.Every single part of this book is good, from the very first sentence to the very last sentence.  On the very last page of the book, the last few sentences, I was still amazed at where the book was leading.  It kept going full speed ahead to the very end.The writing is excellent, but I was so absorbed in the book, I didn't stop to highlight many sections.  I had only one highlight:""I have become a wife, I have become a bore, I have been asked to forfeit my Independent Young Feminist card.  I don't care.  I balance his checkbook, I trim his hair.  I've gotten so retro, at one point I will probably use the work pocketbook, shuffling out the door in my swingy tweed coast, my lips painted red on the way to the beauty parlor.""This is the third book that I have read by this author, and I am anxiously awaiting her next!
This is the best crime novel I have read this year.I haven't read any of the author's previous novels, but I do remember reading great reviews about them here and there and that they were commercially successful. So when I was given the chance to read Gone Girl, I simply took it. And as you can guess from the first line in this article I really loved it.This is the story of Nick and Amy, and what a story it is. Nick has spent most of his adult life in New York working as a journalist. He used to write about the movies and TV and review books, and live a somewhat worry-free life. And then he met Amy, a woman who at first sight took his breath away and made him believe that she were the one he always dreamed of meeting. Thus he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him, and then they got married, wishing to live together their happily ever after. However their everyday lives were constantly under the heavy shadows created by Amy's parents, the ones that gave her life and robbed it of her.How did they do that? Well, they were both writers, a writing team actually, and together they created a series of books with the adventures of the Amazing Amy. The Amy of the books though was someone who the real life one could never be. And the Amy of the books became kind of a weight on her young shoulders and a curse for her life, since she made her a target: beloved by fans, haunted and hunted by stalkers.Before she met Nick she felt completely alone, having him by her side she became the cool girl that she always wanted to be. Nick has set her free, however, her happiness wasn't meant to last forever.First came the economic crisis, which led her parents to bankruptcy. Then came Nick's letting go from his job and finally came the move from New York to a little town in North Carthage, where Nick was born.So, all of a sudden, her happy life became unhappy and her successful marriage a prospective failure. Joy and laughter were replaced by tension and anger. They hit rock bottom.Amy though desperately wanted things to be the way they used to be, and she started working in order to stir their relationship towards that direction. However, just before her efforts started bearing fruit, she all of a sudden vanished from the face of the earth. Where did she go? Was she abducted or did she simply run away? Could she be dead? If yes, who was it that killed her? As usual the husband is considered the prime suspect. Nick keeps protesting his innocence, but his behavior is considered curious if not suspicious by everyone who meets him, as well as from the general public.Who is Nick? And who was Amy? These are the big questions here. Is Nick as careless and detached as he seems? Was Amy as bright and innocent as she looked?The author gives us a chance to take a good look into the private, but mostly separate lives, of her heroes, through diary entries, thoughts and discussions. Nick and Amy, they both say their own version of the story, and they both hide more than what they say.The more one reads the bigger the mystery becomes and the twists and turns come in waves. Nothing is what it seems and all the clues lead some of the main characters from one dead end to the next.The final solution is just as surprising as the facts that precede it, but what one mostly enjoys by reading this book is its built-up, the whole construction of a world that's in many ways amazing, just as much as Amy.
Gone Girl is one of my new favorite books. This is a fast paced mystery novel with countless plot twists and cliff hangers. The characters are complex and interesting, but they are not necessarily people who you would like in real life. When Amy Dunne, the main character, goes missing, the whole town is invested in finding her, but her disappearance is more complicated than it seems. Gone Girl is a unique novel that is driven by its twisted characters. Neither Amy Dunne, nor her husband, Nick Dunne, are people you would want to be friends with. Their flawed personalities, however, make them the perfect couple. Nick Dunne, one of the main characters seems to recognize strange personalities as the new norm when he says “It’s a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless Automat of characters” (Flynn, 73).Many people find unlikeable characters in a novel annoying, but they are what set Gone Girl apart from other mystery novels, The characters aren’t just pure evil, or pure good, but have quirks to their personality that drive their actions, and therefore, the plot. These actions leave the reader questioning what will happen next, and makes for an unpredictable novel. They also make the characters more relatable because they do not fit into the molds of certain character traits, but instead, encompass many. I would highly recommend this novel to anyone who like mystery novels with unique characters. This book is one of my new favorites, and I hope to read more books by the same author, Gillian Flynn. She creates incredibly complex plots with fantastic characters.
I checked this book out on Overdrive, therefore I will likely not be listed as a verified purchaser.  That said, I did read the book in its entirety.It is difficult to review this book without giving away any spoilers. I found the book both well-written and entertaining. I found the main characters (Nick and Amy) to be both unlikable and easy to bond with at the same time. This fact is somewhat disconcerting.Both characters are extremely flawed, and it is difficult to decide for whom to root. Both had intellect and stamina worth admiring. Neither had moral fortitude worthy of admiration. The author did an excellent job writing in each character's voice. It was evident from the reading who was speaking (and not just from the chapter titles), each character had a unique and specific voice.Their relationship was complex and intriguing. At times I sided with one, other times I sided with the other. In the end, I shrugged my shoulders and sided with Boney.The author dealt with some fairly intense relationship issues in a way to make the book engrossing and thrilling. I am one who can put a book down and walk away for a month, then come back and pick up where I left off. That was not the case with this book. I had great difficulty putting this book down at all, much less for any length of time.In reading the reviews, I see that many people HATED the ending. Without adding spoilers, I believe that this was no mistake on the part of the author, but was actually intentional. The characters are so fully irredeemable that no other end would have suited them appropriately.The book is well worth reading, although I would not use this book as relationship advice.
Humans are incredibly complex beings with many perplexing layers to unravel in the attempt to discover who we really, truly are underneath all the personae we chameleon our way into as we interact with our closest loved ones, mere acquaintances and even ourselves. A phrase from a Beatles’ tune, “everybody’s got something to hide ‘cept for me and my monkey…” keeps resonating through my mind as I ponder “Gone Girl” by Gillian Flynn.This thriller unfolds alternately through the voices of the two central characters, Nick and Amy, an unhappily married couple, both of whom are unemployed but brilliant writers, able to trick us into believing every word they write and often snatching away our conceptions of who they are and where the tale is leading. What appears to be intense self-examination and brutal honesty on Nick’s and Amy’s pages often devolve later to a “gotcha!” And then the reader is forced to turn his/her mindset 180 degrees in the attempt to figure out what’s really happening.To me part of the book’s brilliance is Flynn’s ability to articulate our most deeply hidden thoughts about life, about partnering up, about male and female psychology, about the behavior of those around us. I love that both Nick and Amy are able to step back to objectify their own lives, often visualizing them as part of a movie script or novel they might be writing. And, in a very real sense, they are devising, elaborately scheming and living out their own life scripts.The ending is very unsettling and disturbing to me, yet it flows logically from where we have been throughout the book. It does not have a pat or easy ending, but then again, neither does life.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn surprised me. I thought it was simply a novel about a disintegrating marriage. There is nothing “simply” about this story. Since my review is the 19,852nd of Gone Girl, others must have some strong feelings about the novel as well.I really don’t know how I feel about it. Is it well written? Absolutely. Is it suspenseful? Without a doubt. Is it surprising? There’s nothing mundane and ordinary about this plot or its characters. For those reasons, the novel deserves somewhere around ten stars instead of the standard five stars. The score balances out in the creepy department. Gone Girl thoroughly creeped me out and made me thankful that the significant relationships in my life thus far resemble a television series similar to Leave it to Beaver.The author changes point of view in each chapter. Just when I thought the husband Nick was the bad guy, the wife Amy jumps in with her story, and the pendulum swings. It’s interesting that the person narrating in any particular chapter doesn’t always come off as the good guy. Nick represents himself as shallow, sneaky, and uncaring. Amy can show a side that’s, well, just plain creepy. No other word for it. Then when it’s almost unbearable, Amy becomes the victim once again.Because every single chapter is its own little mystery verse, I can’t say much else without giving a spoiler. If you can stand folks who are usually unlikable; if you like a unique storytelling technique; if you like to explore the nether regions of the human psyche; and if you “simply” want a read where you are reluctant to put the book down, then read Gone Girl. It’s worth any stain of creepdom left on your brain.
Gone Girl kept my interest throughout the book. The characters were so believable and every time I found myself feeling for one, I turned out hoping for the other. It's a rather sad book. Each character had his/her flaws and disappointments.
I didn't know what to expect, and really enjoyed the twists and turns of the plot.  Very clever premise.  It's narrated alternately by a man and his wife:  she goes missing, and her chapters are from the diary she's kept.  Lots of surprises!
If your husband moves you from New York City to his home town and you're bored and unhappy you:a. Try to adjust and be supportiveb. Complain a lot, bemoan your fate, and hang out at barsc. DisappearThe answer in Gillian Flynn's caustic, nasty ""Gone Girl"" is c.The author wastes little time in the setup of this, her third novel. The boy is cleft-chinned, stalwart Nick Dunne. The wife is blonde, cool-girl Amy. She's soon gone.Exiles from the metropolis on the Hudson, Nick's a magazine writer, Amy wrote multiple-choice quizzes for women's magazines. They return to Nick's native Carthage, Missouri, when they lose their jobs because Nick's parents are dying and anyway they have no other place to go. Nick soon opens a bar with his twin sister Margo, who's never left the area, paid for with Amy's money.On the day of their fifth anniversary, Nick's neighbor calls him at the bar to tell him that their indoor cat is outside and the door is open. The girl is indeed gone, and there are signs of a struggle. Soon, fanned by the ravings of a Nancy-Grace like mediot, Nick segues from desperate husband to person of interest to prime suspect. It helps not at all that he's awkward with the media while blonde Amy was the inspiration for her parents' series of children's books called ""Amazing Amy.""The tale's told in alternating (and self-serving) first-person sequences by Nick and Amy, and after a while maybe you'll start thinking of the liar's paradox (""except for this sentence, everything you are about to read is the truth""). Nick starts his narrative from the day of the disappearance, while Amy's starts off in the form of diary entries, dating from the night she met Nick at a party, and then continues on in her own voice when we reach ""the day."" What they say often conflicts, of course.All in all, it's part mystery thriller, part social satire, and part psychological study. The ending, to me, seemed perfectly appropriate--and it probably will seem so to anyone familiar with Edith Wharton.
...which is ironic given how both this novels narrators want attention and manipulate the public to make themselves seem likeable. This book manipulated me to seem likeable, despite how horrible it is.Picture it: Book Club. June 2014. We finally read Gone Girl. I remove my glasses and fold them neatly in my lap before delivering a pretentious takedown of the novel, the asinine reasons it's popular, and thereby deconstructing everything that is wrong with popular culture in America (and therefore, America itself) in one fell swoop.What really happened: OMFGGUYSILOVEGONEGIRLI will try not to spoil anything, but this isn't a book that relies on cheap shocking twists to be entertaining. It isn't ""spoiled"" if you know what's going to happen, although the suspense is a huge part of its appeal. This is a rare book in which I actually couldn't wait to see what happens next. I'm not a plot-driven person. I like character analysis, and Gone Girl has that too. Plus, the writing is wonderful. Gillian Flynn does an amazing job of capturing the voice of two different characters (it helps that they're both writers).It's a fascinating portrayal of a relationship that is at once so-totally-twisted and at the same time relatable. And even though one of them (maybe both) is a crazy sociopath and the other (or maybe both) is a murderer, they're two sides of the same coin, and I found myself early on hoping that they would get back together in the end because, honestly, I can't see these two wackjobs in a relationship with anyone else.I kind of wish I hadn't waited so long to read it, but I'm glad I finally did.
This is a very good story, told with suspense and great character development.  It reminds me of ""Girl with the Dragon Tatoo"" which I also enjoyed very much.  I look forward to a sequel which this book left an excellent opening for.
Very entertaining  and brilliantly written. I read this book in 12 hours. I literally  would not put it down.completely surprised to find out that it's being made into a movie, not sure how they are going to pull it off.  Great book!
This review is also available at: The Not-So-Literary Heiresses ([...]This book was a total mind-f*ck. It seriously made me happy to be single. This is what you should read when you want to get over a break-up. Seriously. It's also one of the best psychological thrillers I've read in a very, very long time.It's really hard to review this because I don't want to spoil it for anyone so I will try to be very vague. A seemingly happy couple. The wife goes missing under dubious circumstances and the husband becomes the prime suspect for her suspected murder. Did he or didn't he? The first half of the book is pretty much you unearthing the mystery of what happened to Amy and if Nick really did kill her, because it certainly seem that he did something. Then, all of a sudden, boom! You are slammed with a revelation so unexpected that will totally shatter all your initial thoughts about the book's storyline and its characters.And that is why I loved this book so much. Because the author has managed to trick me into believing that the plot is going a certain way. That the initial mystery is the center of the whole story. I felt duped and manipulated and I couldn't believe that I was that gullible... but then again this is how 80% of the characters in this book felt. My one comment is that the ending felt a bit anti-climactic... but I'm still giving it 5 Stars because it seriously did a number on me. I was thinking about this book days after reading it.If you want a roller coaster ride of manipulation, deceit, and deliciously twisted characters, then you should definitely read this one. I highly recommend it.
This is Gillian Flynn's best book by far. The creativity, cleverness and mystery throughout the whole book keeps you on the edge of your seat. Once you think that you have the book figured out you are thrown another curve ball. It's brilliant!
How do I possibly rate this book without giving away some of the good stuff?  I had to take a look at some of my own relationships and ask myself, ""Did I ever play a part?  Pretend to be someone other than who I truly am?""  I don't think so, but yet I am reminded of a ""comeback"" a guy once said to me.""You'll never meet anyone like me,""  I said in a joking manner.He replied, ""I always prayed I wouldn't.""  Holy Hell!  Maybe 'he' wasn't joking!  No matter.  He soon became history, not because of what he said, but because it would never be ""our time.""Cut to the man I've been happily married to for almost 40 years and 'his' comment to me, utterly unexpected, hilarious, and still makes me laugh out loud 40 years later.I farted.He immediately said, ""Your voice is changing but your breath still smells the same.""  These words, from a decent, good, honest, and extremely Catholic man made me certain that I loved him and wanted to spend the rest of my life with him.It's the little things, the 'inside jokes' shared by Amy and Nick, which drew me into this fascinating novel, making me believe they would be a 'happily ever after' couple.  Little did I expect the sheer terror to come rolling in, the shocking twists and turns, the mind games, and the ending which made me ""Unsatisfied....But Oddly Content.""Surely this can't be the grand finale?  I want more!  I want to know how the rest of their lives turned out!  Hell, I want Nick to end up with Boney!  I want Amy in prison stripes!Truly, a fabulous read.  Buy it, borrow it, or steal it, but by all means, read it!
I read several reviews of this novel before I decided to download it (Kindle for iPhone). I was surprised by the number of negative reviews, since I had seen it show up in magazines, websites, etc. as a ""Must read.""I started to read it almost reluctantly, since I didn't want to be disappointed, but once I started reading it, I was a gone girl, myself. Both the husband, Nick, and the wife Amy, are clearly fiction characters, but the course of the relationship they have, the little moments, the things they remember, and especially the conflicts they have are so true.The twists and turns the novel takes were unexpected to me, and I felt all of it was fitting for the story Flynn was telling. These are unreliable, real people, and one of them teeters at the edge of insanity, although I found myself often second guessing myself which character it was that was truly crazy. Nick & Amy both do awful things, both to themselves and to each other, but the more flawed they turned out to be, the more invested I was.Many reviewers were disappointed by the ending of this book. I wasn't. I won't give any of it away, but if you read it and understand who the characters are and what choices they make, the ending makes sense, I think. I also thought how raw the whole book was fitted the story. The author pulled no punches.The whole book is a chilling take on relationships, how our upbringings and lives shape us, and the lengths we will go to in order to experience that all consuming feeling of being loved and being accepted for who we really are, the good, the bad . . . and in this case, the truly awful.
Kept my interest at about the 50 the page in. So happy I stuck to it.  I of course was wishing for a different ending.  Almost glad it ended that way because it seemed more realistic, as realistic as psychos could end up.  Scary thought.
I have been pondering how I would review this book since about the third chapter. Each night I read and each night I thought and thought as I lay in bed. I could NOT get this story and these people, Nick and Amy out of my head... It has been years since a book has made me feel the one this one has. Does that make me crazy?The lovely and talented Amy Elliot Dunne goes missing on the morning of her 5th anniversary. She is married to suave and grinning Nick Dunne and from there it gets dark and twisted.The story is told in alternating points of view, Nick's internal monologue and Amy's Diary. With each chapter we learn something new about the investigation into Amy's disappearance and the progression of their ""love"" story. Usually I don't enjoy this mode of storytelling, if the author is not skilled it can cause confusion, but Flynn does an excellent job here, a tidbit here, a clue there. Is Nick guilty? Did he kill her? This device drives the reader deeper into the thrilling world of the Dunnes.I knew there was a twist. I think knowing, but not knowing made this book even better. I waiting with baited breathe with each turn of the page, would the next page, the next chapter reveal this wonderful twist?It happens and it blows your mind.I have not read any of Gillian Flynn's other novels, but they will be added to my to-read list immediately. This author is deft at painting inky black pictures and I want more.Not only was this definitely a page turner, but I would have to say it was wicked fun to read. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys playing in the dark.
This was a true page-turner for me.  The first half of the book was nearly impossible to put down.  I thought the storytelling was so inventive, and the use of their marriage/relationship as the backdrop to the mystery just fascinating.
Great read, great & complex mystery. Loved the character development. Most enjoyable & original. And the story includes many of the real aspects of ""working at the marriage"" & does so in so in a matter that is thought provoking.
this book has a bit of everything. Suspense, romance, psychology. She is an amazing writer in both he female and male voice. It is not really a chic novel. I know who have read it and really enjoyed it. Can't wait to read Sharp Objects.
This is the story about a young married couple, Nick  and Amy Dunne. The wife goes missing on the couples fifth wedding anniversary.  I will not be that specific, since almost everything can be a plot spoiler for this book. It starts out as a typical who done it with the husband as the primary suspect. The husband claims to be innocent and there is no body found as yet, however Nick is just not that upset about his wife's disappearance, and generally behaving inappropriately.Although there will be an answer to whether or not nick killed his wife, this is not a simple murder mystery. This is actually not at all a story about a murder, as others have observed.This is the story of the dissolution of a marriage from first meeting to the ups and downs of marriage and whether a person can ever know who they are marrying.I felt that the authors observations of courtship especially the ""cool Amy"" part was the most insightful thing I have ever read about a woman's behavior when she first meets a man that she is highly attracted to.I also found the bumps in the Dunnes marriage were interesting yet fairly predictable. Again I will not be specific.There are many twists and turns and the reader at times feels like nick is the killer and at times is convinced that he is not.  This book is a major page turner. There are periods in the book where you just have to carry it with you.In particular, I think the ending is astounding and completely unexpected, and highly significant, and once again is acutely insightful about the nature of relationships and what is truly important in life i.e., what individuals value most. I disagree with all those who complained about the ending and there were many. The ending was amazing, fitting for Amazing Amy!I totally recommend this book. It was the most checked out book in the public library for 2012 and lives up to its reputation as a great read and original thriller. It is more a woman's book and has deep psychological overtones and suspense.  my only criticism is that it was a trifle drawn out perhaps at times.
Nick and Amy are a couple who seem perfect on the surface. In Gone Girl, we get a deeper glimpse into their psyches to discover that they are both deeply flawed and perfect “for each other.”Told from the point of view of unreliable narrators, Flynn’s novel keeps the reader guessing and ever in suspense. The novel begins with Amy’s mysterious disappearance on the couple’s fifth anniversary and the chapters alternate between the perspectives of Nick and Amy. Occasionally a chapter will end with a bombshell that made me want to skip ahead to find out what happens next. If you can resist, I wouldn’t recommend skipping ahead more than a few pages to allow the twists and surprises to reveal themselves in due time. This novel made me want to go back and reread sections to see where I was misled.Flynn creates frightening characters and while their motivations are challenging and fascinating to decipher; after reading the entire novel I found their actions were consistent and probable throughout. I did not “enjoy” the ending but found it an appropriate conclusion given what we have learned about Nick and Amy. Flynn doesn’t take the easy route and give the novel the traditionally satisfying ending that the reader may want, but the masterful ending is true to the natures of the characters and their relationship. I don’t think that statement is a spoiler as their true natures are a moving target throughout most of the novel.Gone Girl kept me on the edge of my seat. I was at once captivated and repulsed by the actions of the characters and overall very much enjoyed reading this novel. I would highly recommend it.
After wondering about this book all summer, I bought it as a Christmas gift for my self. I started it reading on Christmas Eve. Christmas day around 10:00pm I was at Part 2 and I couldn't stop after that. I put my kids to sleep and I was up till 1:30am finishing the book and after that horrible ending I couldn't fall asleep. Ms. Flynn ruined my day off with my kids for me...I agree almost every thing people said in the 4 and 5 star reviews but I also agree the 1 stars. Flynn is brilliant. She is a great writer. I wish I had her talent. Great character development, intriguing plot, well-thought, well-written dialogues, good research. (It really shows how much she studied police investigations, ( a lot of CSI), Midwest life, mind of a psychopath) but then comes that horrible ending...After a wonderful thrill ride of 414 pages, comes page 415 and it is awful, terrible, disgusting... a lot of things all at once. Ending ruins the book.May be she wants to write a sequel but again this ending does not fit the book. It puts a big ugly hole into her well thought plot and great writing. Because the ending makes everything she wrote before page 415 unbelievable, if it was this easy to fool us... why ... why ... If I fill in the blanks, it would contain spoilers...So here is my 2 cents after sacrificing my precious sleep to finish this book:I would definitely suggest thriller lovers to read this book. It is one of the best books I've read this year ( and I read quite a few), but may be read up to page 397. Stop there and wait for Gone Girl 2 for the ending to make sense.
Initially I found it a bit difficult to get into this book, but am so glad I perservered past the first couple of chapters.  I was totally hooked on the characters and twists to the story.  Will be reading more by this author for sure
Since the first chapter I was hooked. I was very intrigued and in awe. It's one of those books you can't put down. I was very impressed with the great detail and perfect picture it paints. I'd like to read another book by this author.
There are over four thousand customer reviews here at amazon for this book so I don't think I need to rehash the plot as that is amply covered here.  I do understand why there are so many reviews and why this is a HUGE bestseller and has already been optioned for a movie by Reese Witherspoon (who would be terrific as Amy, the lead woman). What makes this book so timely is that everything bad that could happen to this once golden couple has happened and it mirrors the bad things going on in America at large. They both lost their jobs in Manhattan working for upscale magazines.  Her trust fund was wiped out by her parents' bad investments. Their brownstone is lost.  They must move to a suburb of foreclosed houses in Mark Twain country (Missouri). All the jobs are wiped out there ever since this giant mall closed.  It couldn't get any worse, right?Well, of course it could and this is what pins the reader to the page.  Not only does the American dream backfire but it crosses over into noir pulp land.  This is the typical warring husband and wife of pulp noir fiction American style but there is nothing else typical about it.  Kudos to the author for incredible inventiveness.  I can't say more as the twists in the plot and characters is what makes it.  Enjoy.Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
Nick Dunne seems to be about as despicable as you can get, and now there's a big cloud of suspicion hanging over him, as his wife Amy has gone missing on their fifth anniversary.  Their marriage is on the rocks, especially after having relocated from NYC to Nick's Missouri hometown, and Nick doesn't have an alibi for the morning of Amy's disappearance.  The media are documenting his every smirk as evidence that he must have wanted to get rid of his wife.  He readily admits to the reader that he's lying about his whereabouts on the morning in question and about the argument the neighbors overheard the night before.  He's also not sharing with the cops the solutions to all the riddles Amy has left behind in her annual treasure hunt.  Amy, on the other hand, is the inspiration for her parents' wildly successful children's book series, Amazing Amy.  You'll have to reserve judgment about Amy until the second half of the book, but the manner in which the author presents the facts surrounding Amy's disappearance is just brilliant.  The first half of the book sets the stage, alternating between Nick's story and Amy's diary, but your jaw will drop as the plot unfolds in the second half, completely reshuffling the deck.  There are plenty of other shady characters that could have offed Amy, but their stories get rewound as well.  This is not your typical thriller, and there's no one here to carry the standard for truth, justice and the American way.  It's creepy and twisty, yet easy to follow, but the really mind-blowing way in which the author draws and then redraws the characters is what makes this book such a hit.
I was drawn in from page 1. The book came on excellent condition, I even received it 3 days earlier than expected. As far as the book goes, I don't want to get onto too much detail an ruin this amazing story for you! :-) So read it!
A psychological thriller that left my hands shaking from hearing the fearful truth of marriage and gender roles. It left me wondering about who I pretend to be in my own marriage, and enormously grateful for being normal and boring.
WOW. Here's a book that certainly lives up to its hype, and I am so glad I finally read it! If you are a fan of the thriller/suspense genre (or even if you aren't!), read this book and buckle up for a twisting, fast-paced mental roller coaster of a story.Nick Dunne and Amy Dunne are approaching their five-year anniversary, and their marriage is on shaky ground. On the morning of the anniversary, Amy vanishes, and Nick becomes the prime suspect. The days march on, and the evidence pointing to Nick keeps piling up, but things seem not quite right. The reader begins to wonder…is Nick really the man behind the crime?Gillian Flynn completely floored me with this book. It is full of too many plot twists to count, forcing you as the reader to be constantly on your 'mental toes,' searching for the truth in every page. This is one of the only books I've read where I really did not care for both main characters, but still wanted to read on until the bitter end. I certainly had several late nights reading Gone Girl--unputdownable is a word to use for sure! Sure, some readers may end up feeling manipulated by Flynn's plot devices, but I think that's part of the fun of a book like this. Flynn does a masterful job of capturing the totally distinct voices of both Amy and Nick, as the story unfolds from their dual perspectives. I finished the book yesterday, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since--analyzing every twist and turn in my mind. This book was unlike anything I've ever read, which is part of why I liked it so much, even if it was gritty, dark, and certainly unsettling.
Famously Flynnian ending and all, this is a great book. Not since ""Freedom"" have I been treated to peeking inside a couple and the realities of a relationship. OK, it's not a normal relationship, but you'll see what I mean!
Fast paced and tension filled!  I read this book in one sitting, trying to guess the ending as I read because, according to the poor reviews, some people had an issue with the ending.  Not me.  It was perfectly creepy.  Great read!
I put off buying this book but every review kept adding to  my curiosity as to what the hype.  I found the book interesting and full of surprises.  I really enjoyed it and have talked to lots of friends who had the same experience.
It would be hard to miss Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn if you scan the Bestseller lists on Amazon.com with any frequency.I'd been noticing the book for a while, intrigued by the obvious response to it.  On a recent driving trip to Florida, I decided to listen to the audio version.The book is told in two points of view, those of a husband and wife, Nick and Amy. Promotional blurbs for the book describe it as a tale of a marriage gone horribly wrong. This is no understatement.One of the more alarming threads for me in this story is the awareness of how little we can actually know someone when we think we know them extremely well.Gone Girl is an exceptionally well-written story that unravels seam after seam to reveal yet another layer of realization and surprise.  I won't go into too much detail because the unraveling of these seams is what gives the book its allure.I really liked listening to it on audio because it deepened that sense of being in another person's thoughts. These were often unsettling, to say the least. I would categorize this book as a psychological thriller, but one with very broad characterization. By the end of the story, I truly felt like I knew Nick and Amy as well as the writer had to know them herself.Whether you read it in book form or listen to it in audio, this is an engrossing story that you'll fidget to get back to just so you can find out what's going to happen next.As the last few minutes of Gone Girl played out, I clearly understood why so many readers have shared their enthusiasm for it. I immediately wanted to do the same.5 Stars. [...]
Gone Girl will keep you reading wondering what could possibly happen next. Fantastic story and perfectly written. Every chapter brings together another piece of the puzzle and brings you deeper into the twisted plot.Enjoy :)
I bought Gone Girl since a friend referred me to it.  I could not put the book down once I started it!  I think I read it in like 2 days!  It was written well, the story is good, the ending was a bit odd, but overall a GREAT read!
Couldn't put this book down...the characters were not niceor likeable but they grabbed you deep into the story.  The author has a gifted way of putting things...every feeling has a smell, every smell an emotion.  Good book.
This was a satisfying read. I enjoyed the he said/she said point of view. The characters were well defined and the story took some interesting twists and turns. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a book as much as this one!
I quite literally couldn't put it down! The author pulls you in and doesn't let go. I haven't read a book like this in a long time! There is some vulgarity, so proceed with caution, but I don't feel as though it was gratuitous.
After reading this book I understand why it's been at the top of the best seller's list and why it's being made into a movie. Great read that has you thinking that you know what's going to happen next only to keep you guessing.
With such a preposterous story, the book made the story more believable than the movie.  It was clearer to me who the characters were and why they acted the way they did. The ending was easier for me to understand in the book.
MY GRAND DAUGHTER RECOMMENDED THIS BOOK TO ME.  FROM THE FIRST CHAPTER TO THE LAST I WAS HOOKED. I LOVED THE GOING FROM ONE CHARACTER TO THE OTHER IN EACH CHAPTER.  CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MOVIE TO SEE HOW THEY HANDLE THE CHALLENGE
This writer kept me engrossed to the end and makes me want to read more of her works.  The NYT has has it on the best seller list for a long time.  It seems everyone I recommend it to is either reading it or has just finished.
This book was a little hard to follow at first . But it quickly picked up and I couldn't put it down. So many twist & turns. If you purchase this don't stop reading, I promise it won't disappoint you in the end....great read,!
The book reads to you like you're having a conversation, provides underlying criticisms that provoke reflection along the way and carries wit that kept me addicted to the next page. Excellent read, bizarre but fitting ending.
Where to begin.  Right from the start this book grabbed me.  Becoming acquainted with Amy and Ben is quite intriguing.  Following them as they began their life together, I immediately sensed the tension and head games to follow.  This book is a romance and a mystery and I'll let you figure out for yourself which is more dominate.Flynn did a fabulous job of keeping characters interesting and adding new people as the story evolved.  Important to the story are Amy's, Mother and Father, and Ben's twin sister Go.  The book begins with the couple living in New York City.  Both are writers and after losing their jobs they are uprooted to Missouri when Ben finds out that this mother is dying of cancer. Without much warning Amy goes with Ben to Missouri.  Once back in his hometown Ben and Go, his twin sister, their dream to own a bar is reignited and they borrow the money from Amy to buy ""The Bar"".  In the beginning of the story Amy has a hefty trust fund however turns of events decreases her money drastically and the loan for the bar empties whatever money was left.The story's main plot is that Amy has gone missing.  People love and hate Nick at the same time.  Some think he did something to her, others stand behind him.  However, the opinions begin to turn and not in Nick's favor.  The story weaves in and out as Ben and Amy rotate chapters as narrator and you encounter one surprise after another leading up to a climatic surprise ending.There is a lot going on in the book and it will hold your attention. I enjoyed it immensely - I couldn't put it down.
It's been a long time since I became this addicted to a book. I finished Gone Girl in three days, the third day a nonstop binge until completion. It felt great, like when I used to stay up all night reading (actually, I did that day two) instead of streaming episode after episode. Netflix, what?At this point you've probably heard about the plot. Nick is charming, Amy is beautiful, their marriage is perfect... until it isn't and Amy disappears. Then you find out more.Delving further would risk spoilers, so instead I'll point out that you'll enjoy this yarn if you enjoy twists and turns and constantly guessing at where it's all going-- at least, in the beginning. Even when the novel starts becoming more predictable about midway through, it's still such a deliciously vindictive thrill-ride that you want to see how everything will unfold so you can compare it with your expectations. Contrary to others, I found the end a haunting commentary on the state of affairs for many people in many relationships.The prose is punchy, sexy, smart, sarcastic and wonderfully smart. There are many poignant lines woven throughout that clarify and/or satirize our societal tendencies and expectations. If you don't like dark humor and bad intentions, this might not be the novel for you. If you love it like I do, you're in for a deliriously naughty good time.My girlfriend first recommended this book to me, and her enigmatic summary of its effect was, ""I feel used."" To which I now add on, ""In the best way possible.""I'd say that captures it rather nicely.
You may not like these people, in fact, you definitely won't. This, however will not change the fact that putting this book down will be impossible! Intelligently crafted, remarkably deranged and inexorably grotesque. Enjoy!
I usually only read 30 - 60 minutes/day @ bedtime, but I finished this book in 2 days, I could not put it down.  What an imagination this writer has!  Altho I am little worried about her personal mental health/relationships.
Gone Girl has been talked about so much that it's difficult to begin reading the book (or watching the movie) without having an inkling of what is going to happen. It is well-known, then, that the story has a twist, and for those with any semblance of prediction ability, the possibilities for the twist in the story are limited. When I began reading the story, I began with an idea of what this twist was and I was not surprised when it happened. What did surprise me was the boldness of the ending. I will try my best not to give away any details that reveal any twists, but the nature of the book makes it difficult to write about without making any future readers suspicious of what this twist may be. Regardless of whether you know the twist or not, this book is engaging and thrilling from beginning to end.Gone Girl will make you think about issues of trust, of relationships (in particular marriage), of narratives, of the thin line between good and evil, of how the media helps shape that line, and of so many things. Her novel may make you angry, and I honestly can't think of any reason somebody will be completely satisfied with the ending, though I don't mean this in a bad way. You will be challenged constantly. You will be thrilled and excited by the intense chess match that plays out. You will be amazed by the wits of its major characters. Ultimately you will be angry. I'm still reeling, but as with many inevitable things in life, you have no choice but to settle with the fact that evil is unavoidable, no matter how blatantly obvious it is.
Reading this book reminds me of dog racing, the kind of racing where they have the artifical ""rabbit"" called ""Rusty"" racing around the track, always just ahead of the dogs.  They dogs can't stop in their pursuit of the ""rabbit...""So it is with this book. A good story so well and effectively told that the reader finds himself or herself in much the same situation as the dogs chasing ole ""Rusty."" They can't stop and neither can we, once we get into the story...so gripping and so well told...the end of each segment leaves you wanting, begging for more, to see what happens next...salivatng for what comes next...It's that good.Any married person will see part of himself or herself in this book, sometimes enough to bring as chuckle or a laugh...At other times the thought, ""Oh, you feel that way, too"" or ""You have that situation, too..."" ""I know about that...""But in the end, let's hope that Nick and Amazing Amy aren't too much like us and that we aren't too much like them...but the similarities are there, for all married couples and all who have been married.  The author of this book might well have been a marriage counselor--or have had some heavy duty counseling along the way to know how married people think, feel, behave and react...To sum it up, a literary ""Fatal Attraction,"" well written and well told.So, who gets what in the end?  Do they deserve what they get?  Do they deserve each other?  Can they make it work?Questions you will be thinking about long after finishing this book.
This book is riveting. One thing that is very cool about this book is that you don't really like the people that most of the characters are. Very detailed and thorough imagery. Bypasses the movie in greatness by a lifetime.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat.  It challenged me to continue to re-evaluate my sympathies to each character.  I hope never to meet these people but it was thrilling to see them operate.  I would HIGHLY recommend.
Girl Gone is a DEEPLY disturbing story of two deeply disturbed people. They aren't characters you love. It is not a situation that you love. However, it is well written and hard to put to down and that is why it got 5 stars. (I just finished the book about an hour ago. I am still processing it and probably should wait to write a review, but, there is a real strong urge to shake the experience off like an enormous cobweb and I am hoping this will help.) I am not really a huge fan of books like this one. I am not a huge fan of books where the primary characters are just awful people and trust me when I say the characters of Amy and Nick are just such awful people. I suppose Nick has a few small virtues but his passivity is as bad as Amy's aggression. Sorry, I know that I am supposed to like Nick, but I didn't. He probably didn't deserve what his wife was doing to him, but he kind of did deserve it somehow. I did feel somewhat sorry for Nick when it became apparent that he was going to let himself be trapped, I was overwhelmed with sadness when Amy announced she was pregnant. Envisioning the life of a child doomed to live with Amy and Nick...there's that cobweb thing again...All in all the many, many ways that Amy and Nick play each other and torture each other and yes, motivate each other, makes for some really fascinating reading. In my thinking there is one hole in the plot: once I understood how completely Nick loathed his wife I had to wonder why he would call the police at all. Why not just clean up the living room and move on? She was gone.
I think I might have met someone that is certifiably insane. Not just a little insane but all the way cuckoo. So crazy that I want to get out of her head right now, rinse myself off, and then down some sort of medication to ease the pain that is building up like a ball of wax.And just when I thought I had everything figured out, I found myself traveling on a different elevator, headed to a different destination, and in the opposite direction. I realized I knew nothing. Possibly even less than nothing. It's like a light switch was suddenly flipped on, and I discovered I was standing in a bedroom when I thought I was standing in the living room, and in my underwear, no less.Without saying too much, I wouldn't read this book if I planned on getting married. Ever. And since I'm already married, I might start sleeping with the nightlight on, even though I've never been a nightlight kind of guy. It's that good. Literally.Gillian Flynn has human psyche nailed to perfection: those dark places that no one ever wants to talk about or visit, those demons that are stuffed in a closet, duct taped from head to toe, and then tied to a chair. It freaked me out, because it felt so real, and was as real as any piece of fiction I've ever read.If you like dark, psychological fiction, then you'll want to snap this book up faster than a piece of Ghirardelli chocolate. Just make sure to leave the lights on while reading.Robert DownsAuthor of Falling Immortality: Casey Holden, Private Investigator
If you like psychological, edge of your seat novels then you will love this book!!!!  It's nonstop from start to finish!!  Just when you think you know what's going on you discover something else is happening.  Must read!!
I was standing in line at the library, trying to counterweight the heavy book bag in one arm and the precariously stacked books in the other. Then I saw it. Gone Girl: predominantly displayed on the fourteen-day loan shelf. After a year of everyone talking about it, over 13,000 reviews on Amazon, and a movie deal, I had to check it out. The landslide of books slid across the circulation desk, with Gone Girl skiing on top.The best description I can offer of this book is a retelling of the movie American Beauty, but darker--much darker. Herein is a story of a marriage gone wrong, told in dastardly alternating viewpoints. The author builds a downward spiral momentum through a perfect channeling of perspectives, both male and female.  We are graced with charm and wit, and we are shocked with deception and connivery.I imagine women readers may feel uncomfortable or let down before the end of the first act. Reasonable so--this is a deliberate maneuver by the author and showcases the intelligent design thereof. The book in its entirety is something everyone can rally behind.The narrative is smart and sexy. And I don't mean erotica. I mean word pornography. Big words, small words, words used in various ways. The author did a great job of making nearly every sentence mean something relevant.I can't go into much detail about the book without spoiling most of its fun. What I can say though, is if you enjoyed the movie American Beauty and if you enjoy a well-constructed plot, then check out this book.
Oh, wow! Wow!I very rarely read thrillers, but this book is going to make it to the ones I enjoyed most.I thouroughly enjoyed this book for the past three days and I am sorry it's over, but I had to rush through it for two reasons:1. I couldn't put it down2. It had to be my last book of 2012I am one of those readers who skim quite a bit when reading fiction, esp. mainstream fiction, but this book I read cover to cover, i pondered over her statements, I marvelled over it's philosophies (cool girl, anyone?) and underlined many pharagraphs on my Kindle. And it is not a book I expected to need to underline.It is such a clever book, all the details neatly come together, every detail is of some importance, the writing is straightforward, but amazingly descriptive, the characters are so realistic ( I actually know people like them and I felt like every single one of them from time to time)I loved Amy all the way through and I loved Nick. I wish Go was developed a bit more, though. Her I just liked. The secondary characters were amazing too and not cliched at all, except for, maybe, Amy's lovey-dovey parents, but they were fairly fitting to the story.The ending made sense, too. It wasn't a huge twist everyone was talking about, I didn't see it coming, but I wasn't shocked by it either. It was fitting. The characters were developed enough for me to be able to accept the outcome.All in all, what a great book to complete my 2012 'books read' collection.
It took a few pages to get into the book; however, this is a psychological thriller with surprising twists. It is an interesting story with lots of action and intrigue. It's one of those books that you do not want to end.
Best book I've read in quite a while- couldn't put it down and bought two more books by this offer immediately after finishing it.  Very well written and some interesting twists though the ending was not what I'd hope for
I had never read any books by Gillian Flynn before, but after reading ""Girl Gone""' I will definitely be looking for more of her works.  Loved her style and was shocked at the twists and turns.  A real page turner!
Loved this book so much! There are so many twists and turns! Keeps you interested and you won't want to put it down!! Didn't like the ending though. Thought it could've been better! But the rest of the book is perfection!
This is Gillian Flynn's third novel & it certainly did not disappoint. I highly recommend Sharp Objects & Dark Places.  But be warned, her writing is so engaging & the plots so well crafted they may keep you up all night!
Brilliant. Amazing. You will think you have it figured out and then you are screaming aloud, ""No!! No!!"" Trust me. You will NOT predict the ending. And I DID finish this screaming obscenities!!! Well done, Gillian Flynn.
Wow, this book really sucked me in after the first 20 or so pages.  Brilliantly written in two character's voices from their perspective.  This book kept me guessing and coming back for more to see the result at the end.
Gillian Flynn has quickly become one of my new favorite authors.  Gone Girl is a page turner and has a great ending.  I'm currently reading Sharp Objects which I'm loving almost as much as Gone Girl.  Way to go, Gillian!
I borrowed this and read it online, so when I thought it was almost over I didn't realize I was only halfway through it. I formed my conclusions, mentally gave it 3 stars and started composing my review in my head while I skimmed through what I thought were the last few pages. I was growing bored, I didn't like the main characters and just wanted to find out where the body had gone to.And then I was whammied. I realized the meat of the book was just starting and it was like coming to the top of a tall roller coaster drop. I couldn't stop reading and it was exciting and I never expected the things that were happening.I thought this was an excellent book and in hindsight I don't even mind how bored I became with the beginning - the information there was necessary and the false expectedness of it really set me up to fully enjoy the last half.I found it to be so well written and the characters seemed like real people. I didn't like the husband and wife because of who they were, not because of how well they were written. So it kind of astounds me that I gave it 5 stars because it's usually very important to me that I like the main character in the book. I didn't really like the ending because it didn't satisfy me but that's just a personal preference. I think it was a very reasonable ending.I keep thinking I didn't like it (I guess because I didn't feel good when I was done reading it) but my strongest thought is wow that is one of the best written novels I've read in a long time.
Now that we know which actors are starring in the film adaptation of Gone Girl, we can reread this novel, wondering how Ben Affleck will stroke his cleft or how Neil Patrick Harris will steal every scene he is in. You'll devour this book, read it quickly, hang onto every word and savor every plot twist (there are many). You'll read it again and again. It's like a breathtaking solar eclipse: beautiful yet dangerous. Flynn writes about the implosion of a marriage between two imperfect people, Amy and Nick, who are perfect for each other. They lie, cheat, steal and they may even kill. But with the organic and addictive way that Flynn writes, you may find yourself saying: ""Oh, that Amy and Nick,the way they talk to each other, that is so (insert your significant other) and me. We are soooo Amy and Nick."" Beautiful, rich, perfect Amy is missing and everybody suspects her handsome, broke and cold husband Nick. Look on your ipad...it's a story that you can see in real life on TMZ or Facebook every minute. But it's more than that. It's the story of a marriage, and the earthquake effects of that relationship on family, friends, the world. On Dateline, the husband's always guilty of murdering his wife. But here, anyone could be guilty with all the layers of motives, emotions, deceit and revenge. Gone Girl is written breezily so you can sail through, letting your stomach lurch at the twists and turns like you're riding the Cyclone roller coaster at Coney Island. Enjoy the ride, and let's hope that the movie lives up to the book.
this was a great read --- I do not see Ben Affleck in the role of the husband - but the movie looks good too - I thought the book was a great read a real page turner - I wanted to go back and read it as each character -
This story was engaging enough to keep me reading when at 45% through (Kindle read), I thought it was all too obvious what the outcome would be and had started getting annoyed with the characters. If the characters start to turn you off, keep reading... there is a fecade happening that catches the reader off guard, and likely not the one you think. This story went from indulging the narratives of two shallow saps to swinging a 180 and revealing unnervingly real people that unfortunately, and eerily, the reader will be able to relate to enough to thank themselves for maintaining sanity where these people allowed themselves to go off the deep end... and it resolves itself in a way that again made me dislike the characters, not relate at all, but believe how they, in all their ego-driven psychosis, ended up at this point.I did find that the writing waffled between surprisingly good and soap-opera-esque.. It doesn't feel fluid in terms of editing. But overall, it's extremely entertaining, utilizes interesting vocabulary, and creates such naked transparent characters out of personalities that everyone has likely encountered, especially in big cities, and are normally never revealed to be constructs/imitations of what is on trend. I loved this plot. This is the first true mystery I've ever encountered that I could easily re-read to garner a new experience. I know the movie is going to have to pick and choose from so much going on here, so I'm excited to see what gets kept and whether they stay true to the ending.
I was looking for a new book that would get me interested from the start, and this book did just that! It had a great plot and was very suspenseful. I could hardly put the book down. I would highly recommend this read.
Every once in a while an author hits the scene who has so much talent and imagination and expertise that once you start reading, you truly don't want to put the book down.  This is such a book, written by such an author.  I won't go into detail about the book, you've already got over four hundred reviews, I just want to add my voice to the clamour.  This book is stunning.  I haven't yet read her first two, but I will be buying them and reading them.  But THIS book really has it all.  It almost, at one point, reminds me of the movie War of the Roses, but it's so much more.  Having been married a time or two myself, I have to say I smiled my way through the second half of the book because it's at that point the real fun begins, and fun it is, especially for a reader who has waded through the mire of a marriage gone bad and lived to finally laugh about it. It's just brilliant, the way Gillian wrote especially the last half, when you really get to the truly down and dirty part of these two peoples' minds, and although it's awful, it's also wildly funny to watch these two go at it. You get this, ""Oh, God, why didn't I think of that?"" vibe over and over again, and you laugh to yourself even more, and race to keep on reading because the two of them are so diabolically horrible, hilariously so.  Now, don't think from what I'm saying that this is a comedy, because it's not, it's actually gory and tragic, but if you've ever been involved in a marriage gone bad, it's pure entertaiment, the last part especially.  FABULOUS!
After being told that this book was not a good one to read, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Yes the characters are despicable and have no redeeming features but that did not take away from my enjoyment in the reading of it.
It took me 2 days to figure out if I like that book or not and on the end I decided to change my ratting from 3* to 5*. I really enjoy reading it and can ensure you that you can not predict how this story will end up.
I'm embarrassed that it took so long for me to jump onto the Gone Girl bandwagon. It's been at least a year (maybe even longer, I can't keep track of time anymore!) since I first started hearing everyone rave about how great this book was...but somehow it took until last weekend for me to finally get around to getting my hands on this novel.Because it took me so long to read this book I knew that there were only two ways it could go. Best case scenario...it would live up to it's hype and maybe I would discover a new author. Worst case scenario...I would not like this book and be terribly disappointed at the hype (much like the Twilight series...lol).Somehow though, Gone Girl did not go either way...it completely surpassed any expectations I had developed by the numerous reviews I read. It was a completely insane experience, I don't think I've ever read a book that completely shattered me at every chapter. Every single time I thought I had figured out what was happening, what was going to happen...Flynn completely switched everything around so what I thought was truth turned out to be fiction. And this happened over and over again until the very last page. Definitely NOT the kind of book I should have been reading at work as it took every ounce of my willpower not to push my work aside to keep reading.Supposedly, Gone Girl is going to the big screen...and honestly, I have NO idea how they are going to pull it off...I don't think it's going to translate very well.
I simply cannot believe how great this book is and continues to be.  My mind is reeling from all the plot twisting and the craziness that is Amy's mind.  She truly is a sociopath there is no wiggle room and Nick, well, even after all of that I cannot feel too sorry for him. He accepted his fate as it were and it's more like he needs to keep her away from everyone else, some vague selflessness for once, than he actually needs to stay with the type of crazy that matches his own.  I sense a certain amount of pride in his character in the end by knowing what Amy wanted him to say and speaking his mind anyway.Amy will never know what is going on; she has this unique sense of total self while completely ignoring anything practical about her situation, but I guess that's a side effect of being the sun, moon and stars in your own universe all of the time.  Amy, although she is crazy, is still relatable despite everything because she really is unaware of how the real world works outside of her planning and the socially acceptable mores everyone else follows for those plans to conceivably work.  She is brilliant and stupid all at once.Looking forward to reading the rest of her books because if this is any indicator then they will all be amazing!In closing I have to remark upon the movie and say that there will be hell to pay if they're not true to the essence of the book but I do have to say that the casting was done well and I am looking forward to seeing the movie.
This book held my interest from the first!!! It has so many fantastic twists and turns, I hated to put it down. It will be impossible to forget the principal players for a long time. Can't wait for her next novel...
Pleasantly surprised to have a great book to read.  I loved the way the characters were created and the style of writing.  And in addition the book was unpredictable the whole way through.  Recommend for all adults.
Enjoyed this multi-faceted twist of fate with a different level of suspense around every corner.If I ever need to plot revenge against persons or situations in my life I will take advice from thisauthor.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn kicks off with one of the most disturbing opening passages I've ever read, hands-down. Immediately, from the very first words, the reader gets the sense that this narrator is a little.... off. The innermost thoughts of Nick Dunne, a husband facing a life-shattering crisis on his five-year anniversary, are attention grabbing, to say the least. And immediately, from the first few sentences, this jarring and off-putting voice pushes the reader in a certain direction, creates expectations, draws assumptions.Nick's chapters are dove-tailed by excerpts from the diary of his wife, Amy. Beautiful heiress and literary household name, Amy seems close to perfect. As the story of her marriage to Nick unfolds in the past, alongside the investigation of her disappearance in the present, I was baffled again and again at how artfully Flynn unravels the mystery behind a truly crazy marriage. Every time I jumped to a conclusion as a reader, Flynn gleefully turned my expectations on their ear once again. My opinion of Nick and Amy shifted dramatically throughout the novel -- not once, but numerous times. And I loved every plot-twisty minute.Before I even finished this book, I had referred it to no fewer than five people. And I will continue to recommend it, because I've never quite read anything like it before. It's a head-shaking character study of a love story gone very, very wrong, written by a master - and I can't wait to read it again with fresh eyes.
I enjoyed the characters and the off-beat nature of the plot which held me from the beginning. It's a foreign concept as compared with most stories that start with a romantic nature, but Flynn pulled it off nicely.
This book was so well written. Complete unputdownable!! ;) (Somewhat disappointed with the ending but still awesome!) This was the first book I've read of Flynn's and now I just finished Dark Places! Great author!!
At first it took me a long time to get into the book, it was dull at first, then BOOM!!! Gillian grabbed me and then it took me all of 2 hours to finish this great book. I will be reading more if Flynn for sure!!!
For those on the fence concerning reading Gone Girl, read it. It keeps you enthralled and (at least for me), kept me guessing at the type of behavior characteristic of the key players. Cryptic? Sorry, let me expound (no spoilers). The story has to do with two married lovebirds (Nick and Amy) living in NYC, both writers and both unexpectedly, unemployed. They move to his boyhood home in Missouri where he buys a bar with money provided by Amy and makes a living as best as can be expected. Amy has to adjust from being a born and bred NYC girl while Nick has to readjust to his Midwest upbringing.  Things become complicated and one day Nick finds their place disheveled with blood in the kitchen. The police are called and it seems that Amy was kidnapped.  Who did it, why, and can Amy be returned are just some of the questions needing answering. To say any more would be spoiling a good read.Ms. Flynn is to be congratulated on her ability to generate compassion and the ability to weave complex psychological feelings into patterns of behavior. For one of the police individuals I was reminded of Columbo (I’m dating myself, but for those who remember the show, you’ll understand).By the way, I did not see the movie but my daughter did. She said the movie was “disturbing” and her friends who did read the book and saw the movie told her the movie and book had different endings. I cannot corroborate as I have not seen the movie.Conclusion – read the book.
I read Sharp Objects by Gillian Flynn. It won the Dagger Award and was an Edgar nominee for Best First Novel, a BookSense pick, and a Barnes & Noble Discover selection. I didn’t like it. It was a slow read and at the end I wondered what the point was. The author flirted around with the problem of sexual abuse and self-mutilation by cutting but nothing was specific.I say if you’re going to write a book about something shocking do it. Don’t go all The-Sound-And-The-Fury on us.So with trepidation I read her third novel a “best seller” and I have to say I am very impressed. The novel uses its three-part structure well. The two main characters, Nick and Amy Dunne, take turns by chapter telling their stories in first person. Amy Dunne disappears on the fifth wedding anniversary. Nick Dunne is shocked. A few chapters later we can’t help but get suspicious of him. It looks as if his wife has been murdered and the crime scene staged to look like an abduction. I will not go any further into the plot because the reader needs to discover all the plot twists alone to really appreciate the book. In case you were wondering how we can share the wife’s perspective if she is dead – by reading her diary.Gone Girl is an excellent study in human nature, and specifically the scary traits of the psychotic. That a female author wrote a man’s perspective so well is impressive. It is almost as if two writers are writing the book instead of two fictional characters.
An awesome read, the intricacies of sociopathic behaviour laid bare. A compelling read.  The writer has the ability to lay the story down so that you can put yourself in their shoes.  Highly recommend this book.
I love Gillian's writing.  This book keeps you on the edge.  She certainly has done her research on Borderline Personalities, and writes with great insight.  I am now reading her other books.  Wonderful  writer.
Hands down, one of my favorite books! Eery, suspenseful, dark, TWISTED, mind-blowing...!!! It's a must-read! I was hooked after the first paragraph. Obsessed. I can't wait for the movie...coming out in October!
Wow, Gone Girl grabs your attention right away with its excellent writing.  This book has received excellent reviews from authors and publications alike.  And it deserves it.  This is bound to be one of the must read books of the year...and I'm sure will be optioned as a movie.The characters that inhabit the world of Gone Girl are not nice people, in fact it is difficult to find redeeming qualities in any of them, but it doesn't matter because they are written so well.  Nick Dunne is completely full of himself and careens through life taking the easy way.  He is basically a self involved jerk.  Initially Amy seems likeable...the Amazing Amy...that's all I will say on that subject.I love that this is story for the times.  Nick and Amy have both lost their jobs and have retreated to Nick's home town.  He gets to be big man about town owning a bar (which Amy bought) with his twin sister.  Amy is lost without her hometown of New York City.  The town is full of the unemployed.  Industries are shutting down.  The huge mall that was the town's main bread and butter has shut down due to the economic recession.  Homeless, people are turning to drugs.  Gillian Flynn has captured the midwest recession perfectly.This book is full of amazing twists and turns.  The ending is legendary.  I highly recommend Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.  It was released yesterday...don't wait to read this one...everyone will be talking about it!
The book had so many twists and turns. I am so glad I read it and didn't watch the movie first! I can't say much about it because anything said would give it away!!! I kept changing my mind on who was guilty,
This book is full of moves and turns that are unexpected and clever. The characters, while not all likely, withstand a raised eyebrow because of the wonderful ways they are manipulated into the twisted story.
Great writing, good story with lots of twists.  I agree with other reviews that say the ending is not as satisfying as you hope... but there is no other way.  Complete madness, all the way through.  Read it!!
Very well thought out book. Just when you felt sorry for one character, you end up hating the same character. Don't want to give away anything. But it is a must read, if you like suspense, and murder mystery.
This book rocked my world...again and again and again.  I will be reading every book this author has written----i can't get enough of her writing style and her characters.  Disturbing, highly addictive read!!
I rarely assign a rating of five stars, but in this case it is well deserved. The character development and analysis in this book provide depth and believability not often seen in modern fiction. This story is in many ways about the Self, and how it seeks its completion. In this case, Nick is completed by his twin sister, but his new wife Amy can never find completeness since her self image is based on an idealized fictional character named Amazing Amy created by her parents in a popular book series. The book also reveals how we all create personas for ourselves that are often precariously based. In Nick and Amy's case, their personas are based on being writers in a sophisticated New York city crowd. It all comes apart for them both when they lose their writing jobs, their money, and their New York milieu. When they relocate to Nick' s Midwestern hometown to assist his ill parents, the couple's real selves come to the surface, and their marriage turns toxic. Nick begins an affair, and Amy begins her psychotic plotting.Not to reveal spoilers, the actions of both characters could very well seem unbelievable in the hands of a less skilled writer. In Gillian Flynn' s case, she keeps the reader completely involved until the very last sentence. While some readers might have desired a more ""satisfying"" ending to the story, the ending provided is truer to what we could actually expect given the weird circumstances these characters find themselves in.
I woke up early, stayed up late, and snuck off to corners during the day to read a few more pages. Yes, it's good, and a perfect thriller to mow through on a summer's day, and think about for days after.Amy and Nick, a couple young rising New Yorkers, relocate to the Midwest, pulled by family duty and pushed along from the city when they both lose their jobs. Amy goes missing, and mounting evidence suggests Nick was involved. Without giving away too  away, you've got two very unreliable narrators here, and, to me, a couple pretty unlikable characters. Nick's nature and possible secrets come in pieces, and Amy's diary stands in for her side of the story. Add in a trust fund, an affair, and an admirer/stalker from the past, and you've got an ideal modern mystery.Here's what else you get: a slow reveal, a couple switcheroos, and a serves-you-right ending, all told with quick, smart, culturally aware writing that is absolute fun to read.  This book brought to mind the film *Fatal Attraction* from back in the late '80s. Besides being hugely entertaining, that movie served as a cautionary tale for cheating husbands across the country. While before they might have been afraid of being found out; after that movie they were just plain afraid. This book has a similar sense of menace. It might serve as a warning to naughty husbands and wives with roving eyes, especially if it gets made into a movie (fingers crossed).
A neighbor lent me the book, telling me it's even better than the movie, and I was elated to discover a wonderful new writer. Gillian Flynn  has an exquisite sense of language, always inventive, nothing is just plain to her, and she is a very keen observer of life and relationships, all filtered through a first class artistic sensibility. Flynn  is also a great writer about the angst of her generation. This angst reminded me of another book Dream Junkies which was not a thriller, but more a journey of self-discovery, and in the end a little more sweet than bitter, but dealt with this same angst of the post 9/11 years in New York. (It is funny how all this is coming to the surface so much later in contemporary fiction).So the first 30 pages of Gone Girl were love at first sight. As the book advances, it becomes thoroughly heart-wrenching, and perhaps just a little less literary spell-binding, but still excellent. Not sure if the ending is realistic, but this is fiction, and it's all about the idea of things at the end of the day, and the idea was powerful.Gone Girl is a game changer for whoever writes or reads thrillers, because it's so much more than a book just about the page-turner plot, like most of today's popular fiction, say American Psycho, which is also wonderfully written, but lacks soul aka this wounded, real,  universally relatable sensibility, which infuses Gone Girl. Go grab it!
The author has crafted a great story. The style is fast,clean,contemporary.the characters are scary real! Men don't do well in this book. Unfortunately she has many truths about us. An example might be Nick using his female student for lack of mama's adoration.The use of media is very on target. Generally her social commentary is spot on also.I loved that she made sure the reader knew that "" between Boney and me"" is correct grammar! Gillian, you and I agree,but a field linguist will tell you that ship has sailed, prepositions taking the nominative case is now English.I'd be happy to have a cup of coffee with you and commiserate! I loved this book because the author makes us aware of the details of our rather sad culture as when Amy's parents exploit their child for their benefit.The plot is tight. You can't wait to turn the page.I read this book twice.I hated the resolution the first time.However my second read provided a realization that killing Desi was self-defense. You draw your own conclusions whether or not Amy was a sociopath. She makes a pretty good case for what she did.Of course no one wins this battle! How would you like to be their kid! PS I had problems with two names: Go and  Honey. Our cullture usually diminutises names using the first part of a name. Go drove me nuts. And to put a real image in my face ,a honey person,also made me crazy! Nevertheless,read this book. You will have fun and experience quality writing!
With the author narrating the story between alternating first person, makes the book difficult to put down.  Just as one character builds up to a climax, the author switches to the alternate main character!
I vacillated between loving both characters to despising them depending on which chapter I was reading. I was riveted until the very last page then I suddenly felt let down. I hoped there would be a sequel.
Actually my Mother loved it. She is losing her eyesight and can not watch the movies.  I thought she would love this book.  I gave it to her for Christmas.  She has started reading it and loves the content.
This book started a little slow for me and quickly picked up pace and plot until I could hardly put it down!  Emotions get totally turned upside down as you become involved with each character.  Great read!
I had read the first half and was ready to stop reading.  I read the start of the second half and from then on I couldn't put the book down.  If you like a fiction thriller, this is a good one.Mike M.
Really enjoyed the story line- different take on a similar type of novel but done with a fresh approach.Liked hearing from both perspectives on alternating chapters.Would highly recommend!
This book captured my attention from the beginning...lots of great twists and turns.  Well written without any lags.  I would recommend this for a time when you can read straight through...hard to put down.
Let me start by saying that after I read some reviews, I had mixed feelings about whether I should buy this book or not. I have limited time to read so I usually stick to books with 4.5 stars or more, that's just how I roll. But I'd heard a lot of fuss about this one, so I compromised and put it on hold at the library. It took me five months to finally get my hands on it, and after the first 30 or so pages, I wasn't sure if I should keep going...but at my mom's urging, I did, and I must say, it was WELL worth it! What an exciting/disturbing book!Here's what I loved:~The author's dark but humorous writing style. I found myself reading quotes aloud to my husband.~The fast-paced action. I hate books that drag, and this one did not. It was impossible to put down.~The twists! I thought I had it all figured out, several times. Nope. Not even close! The author was many steps ahead of me at all times. It was unpredictable. From reading the dust jacket blurb, I NEVER would have guessed where this was going.~The creepiness factor. After I finished it, I laid in bed feeling pretty disturbed about the whole thing. I like a book that makes me think even after I'm finished reading.Anyway, if you like page turners and aren't easily offended (this one's graphic, sexual, violent, definitely an R) I recommend you give it a try. And definitely don't give up on it if you haven't gotten to section two yet.
I love this author, and appreciate her even more after having skimmed through a series of books that follow the same tired plot development techniques. Gillian Flynn hooked me from the start with her first novel, Sharp Objects. Her style is captivating and she is *so* darkly funny.Gone Girl is a cut above the basic mystery novel. Gillian Flynn's voice is strong and her writing doesn't make compromises. She isn't afraid to present the dark side of human nature, and achieves this without getting bogged down with formulaic style choices, and she isn't afraid to take risks with plot development. I love how Gone Girl kind of goes along in the first half, has me wondering, OK where is this leading, and then--POW--the second part takes off, catching me completely by surprise.Amy had me laughing (a little guiltily) at her unflinching critique of her companions. The ladies and their casseroles made from some sort of chips and canned soup, the ""cool girl"", the Ozark Amy riffs. She's nuts, but I can relate to the sense of shock and anger when being transplanted to a new and culturally different locale. Nick's dysfunctional husband character is somewhat stilted, but I think that's the point of Nick's character in relation to Amy.The end, to me, was fine and I can't imagine any other outcome. The only thing I didn't like about the ending was just that--it ended the book. I hope G.F. writes another novel soon.
The humble reader of the thriller genre has very few demands and merely looks for a few basic qualities in a book:-It should have a complex but non-convoluted plot-It should have characters who are believable and 'empathy worthy'-It should have simple chapters,sufficient twists and stick to the point.-It should be a page turner'Gone Girl' has one more endearing quality : it is written brilliantly with a very original and stylistic approach that makes it one of the best written books of 2012.The story starts with the disappearance of a housewife and the chapters cleverly alternate with a first person narrative by the husband after the disappearance, and the diary kept by the wife before she disappeared. The dates of the diary slowly creep towards the day of the disappearance and then the story takes an unexpected turn (the desired plot twist).Ironically, had this book been written by a male,it might have come off as demeaning,misogynistic and patronizing toward women. But the gender of the author sets this bias aside and makes this high voltage book hard hitting,visceral and most importantly believable and not just because the author's picture resembles what the main character might have looked like !If you are looking for a fast moving tale with a deliciously extraordinary variation of a 'he said-she said' theme, don't let this book be gone before reading it.
Gone Girl"" is a Hitchcock-level psychological thriller that combines a riveting analysis of a struggling marriage with a made-for-media crime investigation. At the center of the drama are Nick and Amy Dunne, who link their respective families. The family members - both sets of parents and Nick's twin, Margo - are completely believable. Each also contributes, mostly unconsciously, in some way to the marital discord. Flynn shows a big talent for easily switching between Nick's male voice and Amy's female voice. Through both voices, the reader gets to know them better than they - or at least Nick - know the other. Nick knows that Amy is the smartest person in the room; but, until she disappears on their fifth anniversary, he doesn't comprehend the extent of her bold intelligence. Nick is an almost quick learner, and watching his awareness develop is the most interesting part of the storyline. The plot is intriguing and new. Even minor characters with a few lines are described so well that the reader feels right in the room with them. By the end, I had one cavil: the closing is over the top. After finishing the book, I mulled over this unexpected and extreme climax and resolution. Then, I realized that this ending is extraordinary in its consistency with everything that had happened up to that point. It really couldn't have turned out any other way. ""Gone Girl"" is a brilliant must-read. The suspense doesn't stop with the last page.
Loved the books twist and turns. But when they got a hand writing expert to check out Amy's diary they should have got a forensic expert to see how long ago the paper was inked which was only within a year
My reaction after reading the first part of Gone Girl was 'huh'. I mean, what was all the fuss about. It was just the story of two people whose marriage was more toxic than the sum of their very unlikable parts. So I stopped reading. But curiosity got the better of me and I decided to read a few reviews to see if maybe I was missing something. Turns out a lot of people have the same reaction to the book's beginning. But they also all said that, once they got further into the story, it completely grabbed them and wouldn't let go until the rather disturbing ending. So I decided to persevere.I dived back into the story and damn if they weren't all telling the truth. This is one hell of a gripping tale. No, I never started to like either of the main characters and I never developed any deep (or even shallow) empathy for them. However, I sure enjoyed reading their story. Author Gillian Flynn is an expert at literary sleight of hand. The novel is littered with red herrings and the plot twists will make you dizzy. As these twists are revealed, I kept thinking I shoulda seen that coming except...well, I didn't And the ending - wow, it's days later and the ending is still beating me up. I know this has been said by hundreds of readers before me but READ THIS BOOK. It'll keep you up late, disturb your sleep, perplex, anger, and annoy you but, most of all, I guarantee it will be one of the best books you will read all year.
This is the first book I have read by this author and I have to say she is a great story teller.  I enjoyed this book and couldn't wait to see where it was going. I thought I had the book ""figured out"" as to who dunnit just short of the half way point.  Well, that wasn't the full picture, nor the full journey the book was going to take you on.  There were many other layers yet to go to my delight. And it certainly didn't end the way I thought it was going to.The book is about a couple who have been married for 5 years and have already run into the rut of not giving your all anymore. Amy and Nick have gone through some rough spots lately in losing their jobs.  Amy had a trust fund from her parents due to a series of books they wrote based on Amy more or less.  They end up having to give a good chunk of her trust fund back to her parents, and leaving them to move back to Nick's hometown to help with his sick parents.  Amy is a city girl, born and raised.  It's an adjustment for her to move to a small town that is on the decline.  There they use the last of their money to buy a bar in order for Nick to have some kind of job.  Things get even more stale for this couple.  Then Amy disappears....gone out of the blue.  Her disappearance is suspicious to say the least.  From there you will have to read the book to know the twists and turns the investigation takes.  How the story ends up, you'll be surprised.  Enjoy!
Liked the structure of this book with short chapters alternating the narrative from the point of view of the main characters.  This enhanced the riveting story and made it difficult to put this book down.
This was one of the most compelling reads in my recent reading history.  I'm still worried about these people....both full blown examples of their personality types.  Many surprises as the story unfolded.
Gillian Flynn, you changed my life. I know you probably NEVER read your reviews (as a fellow author, I find them tedious and even good ones I don't believe while the bad ones seem to bring down my self esteem a notch -- haha!!!) but you have created and weaved a masterful art of storytelling so compelling, the only reason it took me two weeks to finish this book was 1) I was on deadline and 2) I had to pace myself.It doesn't really matter if Amy and Nick are ""likable"" characters although I suspect I am a bit twisted because I fell in love with Nick and I could understand Amy's motives toward the end of the novel. As for *why* she did what she did and got away with it, I think we are all adults and realize that sometimes it can seem like a person is getting away with a crime but karma is a b*tch. Yes, technically, Amy got away with her AMAZING deception (and that's all the spoiler I will give) but at the end of the day, she has to live with being ... well, Amy. Ugh, who would want to be her? No wonder she contemplated suicide.This is a brilliant tour de force that had me on the edge of my seat. I will admit I returned Dark Places because I couldn't read it but after finishing Sharp Objects and now, Gone Girl, I will gladly re-buy it and delve into the dark, twisted brain of Ms. Flynn. You take me places I don't want to go but honey, as my tour guide, I will happily follow you there. ;-)
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. The author did a masterful job of weaving a tale of deception and how complicated a couple's relationship can be. Not sure I bought the ending, but the book is a great read.
Love the structure of this book.  There are many twists and surprises, great character development.  Just when you think you have figured it out, everything changes.  Very well written, and a great read.
Gone Girl is really something, and I rarely praise books to this extent, but in the case of this book, I really wanted to let people know how good it is.  Here is a portrait of a difficult marriage.  Husband Nick and wife Amy are in a tough spot in their lives, having lost writing jobs as a result of the ""economic downturn."" A move from Manhattan to Carthage, Missouri, changes their relaxed, social dynamic lives into daily struggle.  Though that doesn't sound all that interesting as a plot, trust me, Flynn uses the pressure to put her characters through stress that would cripple a normal person.  Told in alternating viewpoints, I felt compelled to turn the pages, to try to figure out who was telling the truth.  Plotting is exquisite.  Voice is masterful.  Here is a story with no false moves, not an extra word or comma, and blindsides the reader never sees coming.  I really hated for it to end.  This book held my attention the same way The Talented Mr. Ripley did, and I feel secure putting it into that category.  It would (will?) make a great film.  It feels as if it has staying power beyond ""good book"" into classic.  If you love mysteries, are not all that fond of gore (like me), and you want a riveting story that will keep you surprised and enthralled, read this book.  Now that I've finished it, I plan to read her other two books immediately.  Terrific writer, talented in a way that produces timeless classics.
Was chomping at the bit to get back to this readdaily so I could see where it would take me next.One of those great books that you hate to seeend.  Can't wait for her to write another.
By now everyone has heard of or read this book, but man, is it worth it!  Great premise, constant twists and turns that kept me guessing right up until the end.  Worth every bit of the hype.  Very dark.
I have read the author's two previous books and enjoyed them very much. I am pleased to say that this third book is in the same class as its' predecessors: a taut, exciting and well written thriller. The plot concerns a wife disappearing on her fifth wedding anniversary, and suspicion, naturally enough, falls on her husband. The local police investigate, and though they don't come right out and say it directly, then are looking seriously at the husband as the chief, and probably only, suspect. Unfortunately, the husband's actions and attitudes do nothing to allay the suspicion that ramps up around him, and he doesn't know what to do or who to turn to for assistance. I really don't want to go any further into the plot, except to say that it tends to be convoluted (in a good way), and the reader's idea of what happened will change several times during the course of reading the book. The ending comes almost as a bombshell, and I note that many reviewers were not happy with the ending. Fear not, faithful readers. I understand that the movie version of this book, which is coming out in October, has a completely different ending, written by Ms. Flynn herself. Then we all can see which of the two endings we prefer, rather like choosing which of the two endings of ""Great Expectations"" we like, since Charles Dickens wrote two of them. Meanwhile, enjoy the book, and wait to see the movie.
I enjoyed reading this book as much for Ms Flynn's descriptive phrasing as for her the imaginative -- and very surprising -- story. Her work is very meticulously crafted. This is a ""must read.
Hated the sample so it took a while to read.  After two horrible books I went back & decided that I should take a chance on mixed reviews.  By the third chapter you're hooked - right thru till the end.
I think most bookworms have probably read Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn by now, so I’ll keep this review a fairly short one. I read this novel when it first came out and I enjoyed it just as much the second time around this year. I decided to read Gone Girl again before I watched the movie. I know, the movie has been out for ages, but I’m really bad at watching movies the second that they are released these days!I thought that Amy was such a fascinating character. The more I read of her, the more interesting she became. What a psycho, hey! But then when you learn more about her parents and their books, ‘Amazing Amy,’ you can kind of understand how she became so crazy. I know that if my parents were writing about my amazing alter ego with all of the jabs the seemed to direct at Amy I’d probably go a bit loco too.The twist in Gone Girl is why I had to give this novel 5 stars. When I read Gone Girl the very first time I had no idea what was coming. I love a novel with a good twist! I was surprised that I still felt a little bit shocked by the complete 180 on my second reading. I felt this was because it was done so well and I’d been sucked into the story so deeply all over again. Gillian Flynn is definitely a skillful story teller and I am looking forward to reading the sequels. I haven’t read them yet, so no spoilers please!Originally posted at http://wp.me/p5k577-4s
...I didn't love the ending. Does that mean it's not a fabulous book or that it deserves less than 5 stars? NO! This is an amazing book and, if the author decided that was how to finish her story, then I'll just say, ""Thank you for writing this. Please write more books that take away my breath, please.""There were times when I felt like my brain was on fire, like it was filled with volts of electricity, as I read this. Each character was so richly drawn and developed and BELIEVABLE. Did I like every character? No. How could anyone like every character in this book? One character in particular deserves all my hate and more, but I still adore the writing. Which character is the one I despise? *evil laugh* You will have to read the book to find out!The plot kept me up until 2 and 3 a.m. on successive nights, as I tried to finish this book in my spare time. The book consumed me and renewed my love of reading.It has been interesting to discuss this book with those who have read it and those who have only seen the movie. All I can say is, you don't really know the story OR the characters, unless you read the book.***************SLIGHT SPOILER AHEAD***************Okay, I will confess this: I adored ONE of the main characters--in the book. In the movie, this character was only meh.I will say no more for fear of spoiling the story. This is one that just can NOT be spoiled!!
Holy cow!  Just when you think you have this one figured out, everything changes!  Keeps you interested - its one of those books that you can't put down because you just have to know how it turns out!
Yesterday I finished reading ""Gone Girl,"" by Gillian Flynn. I hate to use the words of others, but one of the blurbs on the back of this novel proclaims it to be ""mercilessly entertaining"" and I have to agree. A possible murder mystery, an examination of men and women and class and rural vs. urban, with the darkest of ebony touches of humor, ""Gone Girl"" is simply one of the best books I've read in recent years.It's the fifth anniversary of golden couple Nick and Amy Dunne, and suddenly Amy is missing. Nick seems strangely unconcerned that his wife is nowhere to be found. And so the story begins. Unreliable narration abounds, and the golden couple unravels through a series of twists so devilish that reading is like riding a rollercoaster. No kidding. I can honestly say that there are multiple places in the novel where I literally could not stop reading, no matter the time or place.Some reviewers have had problems with the ending, but I found it to be perfectly, deliciously, awful and dark. I suppose if you need 'happily ever after' you might want to skip this book.And I may read it again. Maybe within the week. Maybe now. Because the stunningly contorted plot just begs to be appreciated all over again once the central mystery is solved. I enjoyed it that much. ""Gone Girl"" gets two thumbs way, way up... but beware the darkness.
WOW.Not going to lie, I was really, really bored with this book when I first began it. But people just kept talking about it. They would not shut up about it, so I just kept pushing on. It took all of my concentration to really read it and so much effort it took to just get through it.There was so much ... ""fluff"" shall we say? Fluff that I felt could've been scrapped.I don't want to spoil this book for anyone, so I will not reveal the plot twist. But my GOD. Wow!!This was definitely a psychological thriller than any mystery thriller. For me, it didn't go as fast in the beginning. Everyone said to keep going, keep reading, just wait, just wait. So I plunged along and man! I knew that if I gave up, I would've missed out on a really good story. I'm glad I stuck it out. It was a good story. But it's not a favorite. Like the shock factor is there all right, but couldn't say that I would necessarily re-read it. Not to say that if I did re-read it I wouldn't pick up on more things, but this just was a one time book for me, because the big reveal, man behind the curtain is known.Overall, slow beginning, almost to the point where I wanted to give up, but the plot twist was very good, and then the ending was just so-so. It still took me for a rollercoaster ride, which everyone was saying that it would do, so it definitely delivered.
Without a doubt one of my favorite books I've ever read. It has everything a good thriller should have. Full of killer twists (that you don't see coming), unforeseen revelations (one after another) and a narrative that feels natural. I didn't want it to end! It is that well written that made me change teams in an instant and at the end I didn't know for sure who to believe.A story full of deceits and lies inside a five year marriage between Amy and Nick Dunne. Read from both perspectives, we get immerse in a relationship full of contradictions and inappropriate behaviors. Everything begins when Amy disappears; all faces turn Nick’s way and wonder if he is responsible for it.Favorite Quotes:-“Tampon commercial, detergent commercial, maxi pad commercial, windex commercial you'd think all women do is clean and bleed.”-“It is a do-it-yourself era: health care, real estate, police investigation. Go online and f*ing figure it out for yourself because everyone’s overworked and understaffed.”-“We weren’t ourselves when we fell in love, and when we became ourselves – surprise! we were poison. We complete each other in the nastiest, ugliest possible way.”-“Because you can't be as in love as we were and not have it invade your bone marrow. Our kind of love can go into remission, but it's always waiting to return. Like the world's sweetest cancer.”
I requested Gone Girl from the library because I kept reading wonderful reviews on it.  It was actually the second time I had requested it from the library.  The first time, I made the mistake of not putting it at the top of the stack and I had to return it before I could get to it.  I didn’t make that mistake this time.This isn’t normally my type of book.  And to be honest, I wasn’t quite sure what to think of it when I began to read it.  And at one point, I almost started to lose interest.  Not because it is badly written or boring, but because I was starting to think it was a standard husband kills wife murder mystery.  And then . . . . .She made a sharp turn that I did NOT expect.  She showed that you should not assume what is going on in a story (and I think that can also apply to real life)  This was so very NOT the story I imagined it was.Gillian Flynn has created a superbly twisted character in this tale of betrayal, obsession, vengeance.  She takes us deeply into the mind of a psychotic sociopath and along a rollercoaster ride with this character, egocentric and void of any empathy to any other human.  Its a chilling study of how an attractive face and pleasant personality can hide a vile and cruel soul.And the good thing is?  I understand she has written two other books!http://sephipiderwitch.com/gone-girl-gillian-flynn/
Though I'm usually much more of a fantasy person, I decided to try something different with the highly recommended Gone Girl. The story was very engrossing in spite of being kind of unpleasant.The story itself revolves around a married couple named Nick and Amy Dunne. On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy Dunne mysteriously disappears. As the evidence begins to surface that foul play was involved in Amy's disappearance, the reader is left wondering if Nick is really innocent or if there is something more at work here.The voices between the story's two narrators are both very distinctive. You get very clear sense of who both of these characters are in the course of the book. In my opinion, neither one of them were particularly likeable, but they were interesting. The story itself has a big twist in it, one that I expected, but that didn't stop me from wanting to see how the story played out. I was still surprised by the ending and how everything was tied together.Overall, I enjoyed this book and found it intriguing. I would recommend it to those people who enjoy drama, particularly police and relationship drama. I would be hesitant to recommend it to those who don't like foul/blunt kind of language or who want their characters to be wholesome, good people. This is not that kind of story, but I still find it an interesting story nonetheless.
This is one of the best books I've read in a very long time. The writing is excellent, and the characters are very complex. Do yourself a favor and read this before you see the movie...no comparison.
A story with surprising twists and turns, this is a riveting work of fiction that offers believable while unlikely insight into the psyche of the two main characters!  I could not put this book down!
Feels like a thriller but it's so much more than thatit takes you to a deep insight of the human psycheand their flaws and dependenciessometimes finding chaos makes us feel at peace
A truly ""can't put it down book"".  I purchased another of Mr. Flynn's book and will start it when I can devote the time to it.  All else stops because you can't wait to see what happens next.
BEST BOOK IN A LONG TIME! The plot is constantly taking you by surprise with every chapter. I'm still in awe how someone can write a story with so many curves that end up coming together at the end.
This is the most entertaining, spellbinding, and intense read I've had in YEARS!! Perfectly written! I recommend it strongly. If you like a climax and I think we all do... You'll get a big one here!
Don't read any more reviews of this book for fear of spoiling your experience!  Just start reading, and make sure you've blocked out enough time to finish, since you won't want to put it down!
Great read.  Twisted, interesting, complex characters and many developments you don't see coming.  Good use of subtle messages on life, personalities, relationships.Now a fan of G Flynn
Great book. Could not put this book down. Had me guessing and trying to figure out the ending. A great ""who done it"". Gillian Flynn is a wonderful story-teller and a skilled mystery writer.
This book was slow to start, yet quickly became an addictive page-turner.  The antagonist and protagonist are yucky ugly people who justify their behaviors.  The author made it fun to dislike them.
Even though this is the 3rd novel penned by Gillian Flynn, ""Gone Girl"" is my first introduction to this wickedly gifted writer. ""Gone Girl"" has strong character development, unlikable characters (which didn't bother me in the least), and multiple twists and turns throughout this 400+ masterpiece. Yes, I think ""Gone Girl"" is a masterpiece. I haven't enjoyed reading a novel this much in a long, long time. ""Gone Girl"" is entertaining and deeply twisted. Nick and Amy Dunne have pretty much no redeeming qualities but who cares! Nick is a complainer, a coward, and is afraid of ending up like his cold, indifferent father. Amy is well...manipulative, sociopathic, and outrageously humorous. Gillian Flynn could've easily made Nick and Amy into a sweet and wholesome married couple but that isn't much of a story right? Nick and Amy are deeply flawed. Amy craves perfection, being right, and winning at any cost. Nick doesn't realize how calculated Amy really is until it's too late. I know everyone is moaning about the ending but you have to admit, the ending isn't predictable. Sometimes people who are deeply flawed don't really change in the end. They pretty much get worse which is true in life. ""Gone Girl"" is a brilliant and blistering novel from start to finish. I can't wait to start reading ""Sharp Objects"" and ""Dark Places"". I highly recommend this compelling piece of art. Enjoy!
Had me turning pages, figuratively speaking, deep into the night. I highly recommend this novel to anyone who loves great suspense and an ending which does not tie everything up neatly with a bow.
My wife read this book and she liked it.  I think the cover is mad creative.  I'm totes judging this book by its cover.  Aren't that what covers are for anyway?  I'd argue it's their sole purpose.
Written in the slow and descriptive prose style reminiscent of early Faulkner, the story has surprising twists that unravel with new details revealing characters that are all inherently unlikable.
Allow me to preface by stating I do not read any novels in the genre of crime-thrillers or mystery/suspense, etc. I prefer stories set in alternate, fantastical timelines in which, although people may do hideous things to reach other, is due to this alternate reality. You can't really blame rebels who plot and murder to escape a dystopian society can you?Gone Girl takes me out of this daydream ""comfort zone"" and paints a very believable and hence terrifying picture of domestic bliss gone wrong.  The narrative style was if not unique, brilliant in delivering some of the most introspective, disturbing insights of the human psyche.I now consider this a cautionary tale of gender, marital, and even an individual's societal roles as it affects others.  Are we bring genuine to reach other or just acting out as expected?Gillian Flynn had done an excellent job of pulling the reader through this rollercoaster ride of suspense and intrigue doling out small pieces of a complex plot at a time. Some have stated they did not like the ending but I found it apropo, quite like a tragic French film.Anyone who appreciates a fresh twist in their fiction will enjoy this story.  Then follow it up with something light and fluffy to elevate your psyche up from the chasm into which it had delved in order to sympathize with these characters.
This book had me from the start! Super engaging and great plots twists throughout. Though I was hoping more from the ending, this was one of the best books I've read in a long time!! Great read!!
surprisingly intelligent from a psychological perspectivealcohol is an insufficient coping response in dealing with a sociopath spouseauthor got a little ""lazy"" toward the end
Gone Girl is high on suspense and crazy. The opening lines start out making Nick sound like the guilty husband. Though as the story went on, he appeared to be innocent even though I couldn’t stop wondering if he actually was.There were so many things that made him appear anything other than innocent. He didn’t help matters by hiding information from the reader. Another character or a piece of evidence would emerge, and then he would admit to it being true.I found myself wanting to root for him, but he made it difficult. Amy’s diary entries didn’t help, and her anniversary clues really didn’t. The further into the book you go, the worse it looks for Nick, but he  never owns up to it. Even when speaking to the reader.And then just when you think you have everything figured out, there’s a huge twist which changes everything. I feel like I can’t go into anything else after this point in the story without giving spoilers.I definitely recommend Gone Girl. I couldn’t put it down, and when I had to, I couldn’t stop thinking about the story and what might happen next. I had read enough reviews to know that the ending might suck, so I had that in mind when reading. I wouldn’t say that it was a bad ending, but it was the last thing I ever expected and I felt it was a bit abrupt. It didn’t ruin the book for me, though.
This is the best book I have read in along time. So many twists and turns, right up until the end. There's no FBI or police investigations! just a husband and wife! with Avery demented marriage.
Oh man, every husbands worse nightmare, you know everyone always thinks the husband is the culprit.  Gone Girl made my skin crawl thinking about how incredibly easy it would be to pull this off.
Gillian Flynn's novel ""Gone Girl"" is a masterpiece.  The main characters of Nick and Amy are fully developed.  Amy is the ""rich"" girl who marries Nick , the ""average"" guy from the South.  Amy's money comes from her parent's success as writers of the Amazing Amy series.  All is well in the beginning of the novel.  Amy plays the role of the cool girl to keep Nick's undivided attention.  Cool girls never complain and ask nothing of their mate.  Amy is unable to keep up this façade once she and Nick lose their jobs as writers.  The two return to Nick's home town to take care of Nick's mom and dad.  They invest the last of Amy's money into a bar that Nick runs with his sister Go.Amy's diary is filled with sheer misery about her marriage to Nick, as well as her knowledge about his infidelities. This diary as well as other clues leads the reader to believe in his culpability in Amy's disappearance.  The police, Amy's parents, and the public in general believe in Nick's guilt.  It is only in the second part of the novel a new Amy appears.  She is no longer presented as the victim.  And in the final chapters the couple tells their stories side by side, but Amy gets the last word.I read this book in two sittings.  Once you start reading, you can't put it down.  Flynn keeps you formulating and reformulating the truth.  The final truth is startling.
This book was a lot of fun to read. The story and it's characters are horribly twisted. I thought the ending was a little bit of a let down. I think overall is does live up to all of it's hype.
This author leads you into the characters world with descriptions you can smell, taste and feel.  She winds you through a mystery without getting you lost.  I will be reading her earlier works.
Having just finished this wild and crazy ride thru marital angst, deviousness, dark humor, and literary magic of nearly all types, it is impossible not to admire such a roller coaster novel which has just about anything a mystery fan of 2013 America would like! But really it's a lot more than another mystery. This book can be dopey, bizarre, outrageous, delirious, and plain zany. Set in real 21st century USA, it is not only the tale of a marriage gone way off the deep end; but a nation and society drowning in media excess, plundered by an economy nearly in the tank, a police system unbound, and characters walking a tightrope while staring right at the abyss. Scary but dizzy, with some of the weirdness you might find in Rabelais, or even deSade. Written in counterpoint, the first person timelimes of Nick and Amy, I admit even now it's tough to really follow what really happened; this may be the author's intent! Contrast  Twain's Tom Sawyer with DePalma/Hitchcock, you get an idea of this book. The author seems to zing right along the entire crazy ride, and probably had a great time thinking this weird tale through! And I cannot help but think ""Amazing! What kind of a mind can conjure this yarn up?""  Probably has the makings of a sequel; since the end is about the only slight disappoint, and you can't help but wonder...""What happens after all this?
This book was recommended to me by sooo many people that I couldn't ignore it any longer. It had the makings of a great murder mystery so it didn't take long for me to become hooked.The way that Gillian Flynn writes this novel is very intriguing. I'm not going to go into a lot of detail and spoil it for those who want to read it, but the way it flows is interesting. A woman (Amy) goes missing on the day of her 5th wedding anniversary. Her husband Nick soon becomes suspect number one and the entire book is about the search for Amy and the process to uncover the truth to find out if Nick is responsible for her disappearance.What's fun about this book is that it is written from the perspectives of both Amy and Nick. Each chapter alternates between the two viewpoints and acts as diary entries from the married couple. Amy's diary begins on the day she first meets Nick. Nick's diary begins on the day Amy goes missing. It's a very intriguing story with plenty of twists and turns to keep you riveted until the very end. Unfortunately for the reader though, the end is where this book lacks the most. It seems to just drop off - giving the reader very little closure. Overall though a very good read. And as disappointing as the ending was it actually doesn't take away enough of the storyline to leave you feeling like you were robbed.
This book had great reviews so I decided to read it and they were right! Had me hooked until the very last page. Great story line, great character development. Definitely would recommend this
This book is very cleverly written and has lots of surprises. I enjoyed how the author slowly builds the psychological aspects in the husband and wife's narrative.  A great and exciting read!
This was a great book. I loved it from start to finish. I was always kept guessing and the end was shocking. I won't be a spoiler. Like someone else said, ""Just go and buy this book!
When I first began reading this book, I found it somewhat slow and put it down for about 2 weeks.  When I was assured by several people that it would be worth it, I gave it another go- and was up all night finishing it.  There are several negative to mixed reviews regarding the ending in particular, and I understand that.  If you enjoy mysteries/thrillers where everything comes to an ending that is in the best interest of justice and wraps everything up, then this book is maddening.  However, what Ms. Flynn has done with this book is nothing short of genius.  Without giving too much up, I must say that Ms. Flynn has an amazing grasp on personality and personality disorders, as well as marriage and how well two people can really know each other.  What I found intriguing was how well the main characters, Nick and Amy, actually DID know each other, right down to the ending.I'm thankful for the twist in the second part because the first part began to sound suspiciously like so many of the awful cases of murdered women in the past decade  What the author does in the second part is amazing and completely unexpected.  People may feel cheated by the ending, but if you take the time to think about it, it isn't surprising at all and honestly very chilling.  Like another reviewer put so eloquently- sometimes the bad ones do win...
This review contains spoilers.A roller-coaster of a read, this one. I don't think I've ever flipped from rooting for one side to the other, and back and forth like I did while reading this book. I've probably called Amy and Nick a litany of names throughout the reading. They are both incredibly aggravating, frustrating, deplorable people. Yet, during parts of the book, I found myself siding with each of them.I really liked how... broken they were. Both of them. They aren't just flat characters in a book, but three-dimensional with backgrounds and habits, nervous ticks and patterns. They aren't perfect like so many characters are in books these days. They have a slice of human imperfection in their flaws, choices and actions.I loved the slow build and even slower reveal, mounting to Amy's reveal and how hell-bent crazy she truly is. And as a fan of unclean endings (the more tragic the better!), I loved how ambiguous it was. There's no happily ever here. No rainbows. No butterflies and cake. It's an ending that leaves you thinking, an ending where you find yourself hoping even though there's certainly no hope implied.Well-written, dark, thoroughly enjoyable read. Definitely recommend.Closing words: Good luck, Nick. I really hope you'll get out somehow. She's coming for you.
I have no idea how to review this book without inadvertently revealing something that will spoil it for a reader, so it may be the shortest review I have written in a while.After a slightly slow start I was gripped by this chilling, tangled tale of love, hate and revenge. The plot is complex yet startlingly simple on reflection. The twists are incredible, lulled into believing one thing, I actually drew in a breath of shock each time Flynn flipped the direction of the story on its head. Flynn plays brilliantly on our own prejudices about class, marriage, money, domestic violence and infidelity and delves deeply into the psyche of two ordinary yet shocking personalities.Just as I thought I had a handle on the characters of Amy and Nick, I would be side swiped by a revelation I hadn't considered. What you think you know about these people, their marriage, their life can never be relied on. Guilt and blame is assigned and then shifted and it isn't until the end you have any idea where you stand, and even then...Brilliant and disturbing in equal measure Gone Girl is an engrossing read, don't be fooled by the brevity of this review - I just don't want to spoil anything for you! Gone Girl won't be for everyone, but I found it simply astonishing.
 Narrated by Julia Whelan and Kirby Heyborne, this book has won several awards and is now a Movie and of course this audiobook.I will admit I am late to the table with my reading of this book but it was well worth the 19 hours. Nick and Amy are celebrating their five year anniversary. Amy always plans a treasure hunt with riddles that have to do with important events that she remembers from the previous year. Nick, never does well at these hunts because men and women are different and what is monumentally important to one doesn't even register to the other.This year Amy disappears. A struggle at their home and she is gone. Nick looks for her as the police look at him. This Mystery worries Nick. Where could Amy be? The twists and turns in this book are Hitchcockesque. And the narrators voice Nick and Amy brilliantly. Listen to this audiobook and hear what everyone else is talking about.New York Times Janet Maslin’s 10 Favorite Books of 2012Entertainment Weekly’s Entertainer of the YearPeople Magazine Best books of the yearEdgar Award nominee for Best NovelAmazon and Barnes & Noble Best of the YearMacavity Award nominee for Best Mystery NovelAnthony Award nominee for Best NovelThe Women's Prize nominee for FictionStrand Critics Award nominee. 
I thought this book was wonderful. I loved all the characters in the book. They were well thought out. It was a couldn't put down page turner.  I have ordered another book by Gillian Flynn.
This book is so captivating. Everything about it is just so captivating. Starting with the cover, the title, first couple of paragraphs and ending with the last page. It is a page turner that is twisted in a unique way.. you'd sleep, wake up, eat, talk, and think Gone Girl!I will always remember this: 'When I think of my wife, I always think of her head. The shape of it, to begin with.'I remember the effect that this sentence had on me, and how it made me want to read more, know more, and never stop.I just loved the way this book describles a bad - unstable marriage, I also loved the sequence of events and the way the author makes you go between the past - her version of event, and the present - his version of event. Until they both meet in one point. The book ends in a way that you would never expect.. and I hope there is part 2. Gone Girl - part 2. I'd be the first one to buy it!My only problem with this book however, is that now my standard is getting higher when it comes to the psychology thriller category. It raised the bar too high. Whenever I read a book, i keep thinking, but it is not the 'Gone Girl'.I hope Gillian will write another book. This book will stay in the memory for years to come. It is definitely the book of 2012.Dima Faris Omar
This is Billy Joel's ""The Stranger"" in a book. At the surface, it is a simple murder mystery novel that jerks the reader around. But it is more than just an good plot.Society has so many expectations in how everyone should act that people have little room to mix in their own humanity. Whether it is becoming Amazing Amy, or acting like a distressed husband, or living up to the wife's high expectations, there is little room to simply be yourself in your interactions with the world and your spouse.Despite this cage guiding our behaviors, Gillian Flynn points out there is some truth in these expectations. The wife should learn from the Cool Girl and give her husband slack and not expect him to be perfect. The husband should learn from the distressed husband and try to empathize and build a relationship with the wife. Not because society expects it, but because these idealized expectations do indeed lead to a better relationship.The characters may be extreme and the stream of events may be unlikely and some of the plot devices may be primitive. But look beyond these flaws, and you'll see a brave attempt to figure out how relationships really work.So, put on the faces of the stranger, because these faces are the social norms that create good societies and good relationships.
Nick is a cool guy. Amy wants to meet a cool guy so she creates a personality that she thinks appeals to cool. As the relationship evolves over five years, personalities change and conflicts develop among the three personalities. Two-personality Amy is the product of an outwardly functional family headed by mom and dad psychologists. We soon learn that the family is actually dysfunctional in the sense that the parents are only playing the roles of what they think is a good mom and dad. They chose their roles but imposed one on Amy. One-personality Nick is the product of a dysfunctional family of an abusive father, a door mat mother, a neglected twin sister, and Nick. There is even the hint of (new word)--- twincest.Minor characters come and go displaying their own hangups in this dense psychological thriller. There is a mystery in that there are murders both actual and imagined. A reader should allow time for this book. It is not a skim/scan book. The writer's artistry is demonstrated in clever phrasing and original insights of daily existence. Every sentence is worth it. As for parental guidance, 16 and up will probably do it, but it will be a mature 16 year old that can appreciate many of the nuances. There is a guide for discussion by reading groups that is great in itself, but only after reading the book.
It has been a long time since a book has sucked me in so completely that I never wanted to put it down. The need to figure it all out was just too great. What a different style of writing.
I bought this book on a recommendation by a friend. I tried three times to read it. Each time couldn't get past page three. For some off reason it didn't grab me. I was searching for a book to get lost in, since most of my reading is BETA reading, stuff I don't choose, but help to make into something grand. Out of my 400 plus book library on my ever faithful Kindle, there it was staring at me, ""Gone Girl"". I thought, hell, I'll give this another look.Shocker, I apparently had my head somewhere else the first three tries because this book takes you on a ride that makes a Ferrari feel boring. I can't go into my banter without giving away a spoiler. I hate spoilers, and alerts for spoilers. Why give an alert anyway.This book is crazy. It's full of so much that if you aren't paying attention, you will miss something and have to back track. Don't read when your kids, dog, or husband are talking, eating, needing anything, when you have to potty, or any other slight diversion you think may happen. You not only will be cooking while reading, you will feel physical pain when you get interrupted, it's THAT crazy good. Weird, psychotic, wild, bizarre, and other like words I use to describe it.You have to read this book!!Dani B.GOODREADS BETAAbsolutewrite.com BETA
I couldn't stop reading!  If you think you've got this book figured out...you're wrong.  That's what I loved about it; I couldn't guess what was going to happen next!  A woman is missing; there are signs of a struggle; her husband doesn't seem to have an alibi.  Who done it?  I'm not telling, and you won't be able to guess.There were 2 little things about this book that bothered me, though.  This won't spoil anything, and they didn't keep me from LOVING this book.  Item #1: in one of the scenes it is snowing in April...in Missouri.  Now, snow in April in Missouri is not impossible, but it is extremely rare.  The book made it seem perfectly normal that there was snow in April.  Even snow in March is uncommon in Missouri, so snow in April is a big deal.  It should have been treated as the rare occurance that it is.  Item #2:  The book mentions cicadas in a couple of places.  What's wrong with that?  Well, the book takes place in 2012.  The last time we had cicadas in Missouri was 2011.  There are two kinds of cicadas.  One kind appears every seven years, the other kind appears every thirteen years.  Either delete the cicadas, or change the year of the setting.Other than that, she has Missouri down cold.  It was a fabulous book, and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good mystery.
Gone Girl opens on the fifth wedding anniversary of Nick and Amy Dunne and is told through journal entries from Amy and first-person narrative from Nick.  After taking a morning walk, Nick returns to find his wife has gone missing and it looks like there was a struggle.  When the police arrive to investigate, the crime scene looks set up and suddenly Nick is the prime suspect in the ensuring investigation.  Nick finds that, just like every other year, Amy created a treasure hunt for him before her disappearance.  Following the clues she left brings him closer and closer to finding out the truth about what happened to Amy.Gone Girl is one of the few books that has literally made my jaw drop.  This is the first book that I've ready by Gillian Flynn, and I've never wanted to read a book faster in my entire life!  From the very beginning, the suspense is palpable and I wanted nothing more than to know what happened to Amy and whether Nick was as guilty as he appeared.  Every character has multiple dimensions, and over time as these facets get revealed, you realize how many layers the story has - it's incredible.If you enjoy psychological thrillers and amazing storytelling, I would highly recommend this book.  You won't be able to put it down until you finish it - probably within 48 hours!
this book was crazy .it totally had me flabbergasted. it was awesome. just let me say again crazy. its an amazing book you have got to read it . its very suspenseful. keeps you surprised.
With each turn of the page, you never know where you will be with this couple.  You start out liking them, then hating them, then being unsure who is worse.  Great plot twists good story.
This book was a departure from my normal political-intrigue, spy genre.  Without a spoiler alert, I wasn't crazy about the ending.I recommend it and can very much see it as a movie.
My wife was reading this book and couldn't stop talking about.  I decided to pick up the Kindle edition and found I couldn't put it down.  The book grabbed my attention and never lost it.
Without giving any spoilers I'll just say Gone Girl is a psychological joyride. It dissects a marriage between two essentially selfish people Nick and Amy Dunne when Amy turns up missing and Nick is left to a media frenzy as her presumed killer.This book makes you question everyone in your life. I kid you not. These characters are so realistic (albeit insane) they make you wonder if your family could pull off something like this.There are a lot of gender roles that play against the norm. Sexism. A lot of judgemental behavior. A media circus that is entirely realistic.I'm from the great state of Missouri (we'll stick with great, haha) so I was really impressed with how closely the book portrayed my home state. As only a true Missourian could. The Author has to have been here, or come from here. We are all die hard Cards fans, we love the Arch, everyone know the stories written by Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens) and being inside Flynn's book was like walking through the scenery of my life.It doesn't help that my name is Amy. Haha.I would definitely definitely recommend this book to everyone. Of course I had a few friends who said they couldn't get into it. I think because you have to really get into the mindset of this psychological journey. It's a trip.
Very intriguing tale.  well written and keeps you reading.  Its easy to follow and suspenseful.  I think for this class of novel, it deserves 5 stars due to its pure entertainment value.
This book will keep you guessing! I absolutely could not put it down. The dual points of view make it even more interesting because you get to see two sides of the story. A MUST READ!!!!
This book does not grab you from the beginning, but once it does it is very hard to put down. Lots of twists and unexpected turns and interesting characters. Had a great time reading it.
Once you get past the first chapter or 2 you will be hooked. This book is twisted and disturbing and I could NOT put it down. Do yourself a favor and read it before the movie comes out!
When the talented Gillian Flynn puts her name on the cover, you know you are in for a great read, and a well-written ride. Gone Girl does not disappoint. Far from it. The book dissects two people, by having them dissect one another. Here is a story of two people who were ""gone,"" way before Amy, Nick's wife, disappears one day from their home in a small town in Missouri.To reveal how the tale plays itself out would be giving too much away. Amy and Nick are two damaged people. People that are both the product of their upbringing and of their own making, having refused to distance themselves from childhoods that were less than glaringly abusive, but more than simply difficult. They have instead cultivated charming and beautiful exteriors to the delight of all, while nursing jaded and, to one degree or other, ugly interior lives.The book is part murder mystery, part legal mind-bender, and part journal of the disintegration of families, relationships, and some very telling veneer stripping. I look forward to seeing the newly released movie. I hope that what seems on the surface a good cast can do this complex story the justice it deserves, which, ironically, is exactly what none of the characters ever truly get. A very diverting story that will have you squirming as you turn the pages.
Crazy story and an enjoyable read.  I usually don't enjoy books/TV when I can't stand the main characters but this worked.  Great twist and I'm looking forward to the movie coming out.
On the day of Nick and Amy Dunne's fifth wedding anniversary, Amy vanishes -- and all the piling evidence is quickly pointing toward Nick. Even worse, as Nick himself knows, he isn't good at portraying a sympathetic character in his face or mannerisms. Before long, the entire nation is hating him, protesters and reporters crowding his lawn as the police close in on making the arrest.Nick keeps maintaining his innocence -- eventually he comes to believe Amy isn't actually dead at all, and that she's trying to frame him for her murder. Naturally everyone is dubious, having trouble imagining a woman so filled with hate toward her spouse that she'd spend a year plotting the details of a crime rather than simply getting divorced. But Nick knows Amy better than anyone else. Simply put, she's terrifying when she has a vendetta against someone. Her life history has shown this over and over.The story alternates between Nick's and Amy's POVs -- and the reader likewise will keep wondering who is telling the truth, and just where and when.As the book begins, readers may feel they can predict the way the story will go. They are WRONG! This book has multiple twists, right through to the end...which in itself is bound to make you shake your head and really ponder.
I really enjoyed this book from the first page to the last. I enjoyed it so much I was compelled to look up a photo of Ms. Flynn and I do have to say it was like being struck by Cupid's bow if it had somehow been fired out of a cannon.Listen, I don't know if she's married or has a long-time relationship with a same-gender partner and it doesn't matter to me what her lifestyle choices are. I just want her to be happy. I know fame can be difficult and I tasted a little bit of celebrity myself when my college band opened for a little group you may have heard of called, ""The Hooters"" back in 1987. If you don't remember them they had a song called ""And We Danced"" that was a little bit of celtic fusion combined with pure pop dynamism. I played cor anglais and sang backup. But if you ask me my voice was far superior to Randy's. He just couldn't hit the high notes I could.Anyway I digress.I hope Ms. Flynn will read this review and realize that we are probably soul mates and that every minute we spend apart from each other is time wasted. But, Gillian, know that I cannot make the first move, it has to come from you. Look in you heart and I think you will see me there wearing a fez and a ""The Hooters"" concert t-shirt and cargo shorts.Great book.
My sister told me to read this book if I wanted to be surprised and I did and was! I was guessing until the very end and still was surprised. This is a great way to spend a few hours.
Really enjoyed reading this novel. It was different than everything else out right now. Tired of the same ole same ole. Looking forward to reading other book written by Gillian Flynn.
This is an incredible book! I got to a point where I couldn't stop reading. The different points o f view work perfectly to know what the charachters are thinking. It's really great!
this kept my attention and was read in two days. the characters were interesting and developed over the course of the book with greater insights about Nick and Amy with each chapter.
What more can be said of this wonderfully written psychological crime thriller. In the first part of the novel, the narrative is told in the present moment:Nick's beloved wife , Amy, is missing and police immediately suspect him of foul play. As a counterpart, we have Amy's viewpoint through her intimate diary.It sets the tone of their marriage into two different perspectives.The second part of the novel is mind blowing to say the least. Mrs Flynn delves into the psyche of a very troubled young woman and fascinates us with details of a psychotic mind. I literally felt my heart pounding in fear.The ending was surprising to me; it is difficult to state the reasons without giving it away. Mrs Flynn stated that the ending had to be exactly as it was because, Amy, made famous by her parent's books , Amazing Amy, and who was nothing short of being amazing, had to remain AMAZING.SPOILER ALERTI was surprised that there was, to me, an important bit of evidence that was not explored which could have made the ending more probable. Why did Nick not mention the fact that Desi was given sleeping pills prior to his murder and thus making Amy's violent act  unnecessary.  At least the angle of PTSD could have been explored.
My name finally came up on the wait list for Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl. It has been incredibly popular since it came out in June 2012, and now I know why. I had a very hard time putting it down. The plot is full of suspense and the writing is terrific. Even though I guessed the first ""big reveal"" about three chapters in, there were plenty of twists and turns I did not expect. I didn't like either of the main characters, and yet I could not resist reading more about them. I wanted to know what was going to happen next.The day of their fifth wedding anniversary finds Nick at the bar he owns with his sister and his wife Amy at home. He gets a call from a neighbor - his front door is open and the cat is out. Amy never lets the cat out. When Nick races home, he discovers signs of a struggle. The book takes it from there, as chapters alternate between Amy's dated diary entries and Nick's account of his life as he comes increasingly under suspicion.That short description barely scratches the surface of this book. I like character development, and there is plenty of that in Gone Girl, but there's plenty of action too. If you are looking for an engrossing read, I highly recommend this book - just make sure you have plenty of time to read once you start it!
This book was absolutely incredible, but I am a little biased. I fell in love with the author, Gillian Flynn, in high school when I read her first novel, Sharp Objects. I can't recommend this author highly enough for anyone who enjoys thrillers that require a lot of thinking.Gone Girl is based around a married couple, Nick and Amy, and is in both of their points of views. The first half of the book is present-day Nick and diary entries from Amy starting from when she first met her future husband. In the first look at Nick he seems a little off, and then Amy is missing. There's been a struggle in the living room that doesn't look legit and blood has been cleaned, but not well enough, in the kitchen. The entire first half Nick is acting odd and Amy's diary makes it obvious who she was fearful of.And then everything comes to a head, multiple clues come to light, insane realizations are made and everything you thought you understood up to that point was just wrong. It was amazing! Flynn keeps you guessing the entire novel and the ending is not what you'd expect. I'll admit, the ending was a bit less climatic than I thought it would be from her other novels but it was still shocking and I'm still absorbing it.I highly recommend this novel!
Before reading this book, I suggest at least perusing ""Inside the Mind of Casey Anthony: A Psychological Portrait"" by Dr. Keith Ablow. I only read through the Casey Anthony book, enough to understand Dr. Ablow's definition of ""Identity Suppression Syndrome."" Though it looks like this book received a lot of negative attention, I was deeply impressed by his analysis of Casey's mind and motivations. I feel that Identity Suppression Syndrome is very real, especially in girls.Then I read ""Gone Girl"" which is a brilliant psychological thriller. The main characters are part of Generation X, with a mindset very different from my own current post-hippie perceptions, though I can remember living in LA and being a lot like these people (in a way it was comforting to realize that other people do share this condescending lifeview at certain points in their existence. Before reading Flynn's book I had some uncomfortable memories of myself in my 30s).I don't want to spoil ""Gone Girl,"" and I'll just finish by saying that the two books connect, and I walked away from the story feeling that I have a deeper understanding of what it means to be authentic (or not) and the consequences of the choices we make, perhaps unconsciously, concerning who we are in the world.
I read this almost 2 years ago......great writing, could not turn the pages fast enough.  I still dislike the ending of the book.  Great book.....my personal option bad ending.  Lol
Being a fan of the author's previous works, I was very excited to get my hands on this book.  That being said, I read the book description and reviews and didn't really like the way the book sounded.  I got the book anyway and was pleasantly surprised.  The description and reviews do NOT do this book justice.  It is so much more fun, exciting and demented than how it is described.  I dare to say this is Flynn's best book yet, and that's saying a lot considering I absolutely love her other works. As one who always reads reviews before purchasing books, I'm going to tell others to just buy the book. Don't even bother with the reviews! I want to say what the book is about, but I feel like any way I do, it will contain spoilers, so I will try to stay as vague as possible.I would classify this book as a psychological thriller. The book focuses on a married couple, Nick and Amy Dunne.  Nick and Amy appear as though they are made for each other.  On their five year wedding anniversary, Amy suddenly disappears.  Nick is the prime suspect and then all the twists and turns one can expect from Flynn come into play.I couldn't help but think about the Scott Peterson case and Nancy Grace while reading this book.  You can tell some influence was there!
I enjoyed the thrill of this book and I definitely recommend this as a great read. It was fascinating how you never really know who you actually marry and that is more frightening.
Wow.  I read this because I saw that movie was coming out.  I couldn't put it down!  I'm a teacher and for the last week anytime I didn't have a student I had my kindle in my hand.
I found it hard to put this book down. every time I thought I knew what was going to happen next I was wrong. If you enjoy the ""who done it"" mysteries then you will love this book.
A real page turner, super interesting. Loved the dual perspective. Great plot twist. Characters written so well, that Flynn has you right where she wants you every step of the way.
I thought I had this book all figured out... boy was I wrong! I couldn't wait to see what would happen next, yet I didn't want to finish it. It was that good. Highly recommended.
I don't often write reviews on Amazon, i don't have time for that, and I don't care too much to do it. However, I made an exception for Gone Girl. This book is about a man and a women going through a rough patch in their marriage, except it's a lot more twisted then that and like many other reviews I can't write more about what goes on because it will ruin the whole plot. I can say that I haven't enjoyed a book  as thoroughly as I enjoyed Gone Girl. By the end of part one I was confused at what to think anymore, by the end of part two I was like ""crap, this girl is crazy"" and by the end of part three I had a huge goofy grin on my face and all i could think about was ""what just happened?"".Gillian Flynn is a writer, she knows how to write, string you along, and  she has a talent of not categorizing things in black or white. I loved the book because of the way she ended it. It wasn't the typical ending and that would make some people mad, but I don't read books because I want to have things end predictably, I read books because it's an escape from the mundane, to feel giddy, happy, suspenseful, and distracted from the tube, and she did all that in Gone Girl, I'm still smiling because of the ridiculousness of this book!
This little novel keeps you guessing with trips and turns.  You think you have it figured out and then there is another turn.  Empathy with the characters keep you on your toes.
Good read. Finished over a 3 day vacation. Couldn't put it down. I'm sure my husband would have rather I left it at home since I spent most of my time with my face buried in it.
Not normally the type of book I would pick to read, but it was my book club's pick forthe month.  Must say I throughly enjoyed reading it.  I would recommend it to others.
The book is good because it is suspenceful but in a horror story way. It is about what goes wronge in a relationship. People who like suspence. There wasn't anything i disliked.
I read this book in three days, taking rests only for...ya know...and a few fitful hours of sleep. Also, I think I may have gone partially blind.  How to describe my reading experience?  Okay.  Reading this book was like watching rhinos mate. You want to look away.  You just CAN'T.  Let's see. This book is the literary equivalent of Mr.Toad's Wild Ride. One more. To say Nick and Amy have come to the realization that their marriage sucks is like saying Gregor Samza woke up one morning and realized he was going to have a baaaaad day.The book is fabulous, end to end. I know some people are disappointed with the ending--and I wasn't exactly doing cartwheels, either. But, after further thought, I understood that it had to end the way it did. Anything else would have been trite. The writing was smooth, refreshing, seamless. What a relief to read a book without being distracted by bad writing. Ms. Flynn sure knows how to whirl a baton.I loved it. Every word of it. The book was creepy, astonishing, devious. At some points, it made me feel backed into a corner with no place to run. This is not a crime novel. It's a novel about two people short circuiting. It's about love, and love that never was.Get it. Read it.
I live in Missouri, Was raised in Missouri....And we are the show me state. We love to show off..... However, Gillian took ""show me"" to ""holy s***"". This was the best book I've ever read, and trust me, I've read a lot. This book had me guessing till the end, never expecting what was waiting around the corner. It's what my highschool English teacher calls a ""tough"" read, in the sense that it has some big words that young teens like myself might find hard to... Get. There so much sex in this book, it might blow your mind, however it never stopped me from reading it. The author tells both sides of the story so you fully understand both brains of the couple. Near the end my brain was getting fuzzy (that might just be because it's midnight here and I'm choosing to write about this book instead of sleep on a school night.... Why?) Because this book was that AMAZING(inside joke)! So I have a little message to Gillian, ""you changed the way I see society, the way I see cop shows and murders. What you did was truly amazing. Heck, I read this on my kindle, I highlighted several things in this book. Things that will keep me afloat. (I swear the whole book is highlighted)! What I'm trying to say is your a genius and your book deserves 5 stars.
I came to this book without expectations. It seems everyone but I had heard of it and already added it to their Goodreads ""Want to Read"" bookshelf, but it's all in character for me, so I shouldn't be surprised. That being said, I only got to page 16 before I decided I loved this book. Gillian (like my name, so we're practically twins!) Flynn's Gone Girl is a perfect specimen for a morbid curiosity. The girl in question is Amy Elliott Dunne, the supposed victim in a missing person's case. Her husband Lance Nicholas ""Nick"" Dunne is the supposed perpetrator (because it's always the husband, right?). Amy and Nick are beautiful, successful, clever, and bursting with love for each other, but when both are laid off, the initial spark of their marriage dies out, and a family crisis uproots them from their beloved Manhattan and lands them in Nick's rural Missouri hometown of North Carthage, the two are embroiled in a battle of wit, sadism, and manipulation. You won't be able to tear your eyes away from this train wreck, and you may think you can predict the outcome (and maybe you're better at that than I am), but you will enjoy the unfolding of this disastrous relationship the whole time.Read the rest of my review on my blog: [...]
I loved this book! I saw the movie first and loved everything about the story and the characters. The book was pretty right on with the movie as well. I def recommend the read!
I just finished reading Dark Places and Gone Girls back-to-back.  It is readily apparent to me that Gillian Flynn is a crafty, dark, twisted monster in an absolutely wonderful and insightful way as well as a deftly writer.  She is a master story teller and has an uncanny abiility to guide readers through multiple layers of emotions and depth, weaving her story artfully and thoughtfully.  Readers have no need to suspend reality/beliefs to buy into her characters and their stories.  Simply put, her characters are real.With specific regards to Gone Girl, I found myself not only enthralled by the story and the characters, but also evaluating my life and my characteristics through the lens she provides.  Who hasn't been on the emotional roller coaster she conjures (at least to some degree).  Any of us could potentially be Nick or Amy Dunne, and that has a tinge of excitement and dread mixed up in it.Simply put, this is a MUST READ book.  It is dark, twisted, intriguing, deliciously fascinating, gripping, funny, surprising, unpredictable, intoxicating, brilliant; it is a realistic story about life.  Now I'm anxious to read Sharp Objects and then will have to suffer while waiting for the next book from Gillian's pen.
Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl"" is a crazy-nuts crime novel centering around the world's worst marriage and the mysterious disappearance of the wife in the story.  An absorbing premise (Where's the wife? Did the husband kill her?), terrific second and third act twists, and the first completely successful use of the ""unreliable narrator"" device I've seen in ages (in other words, it's not frustrating when we eventually learn it was used in a sizable portion of the narrative) are only a few of the great things about the book.So, yeah, if you're looking for a bracing reading experience, one that works as both a straight-up, engrossing crime novel and a sly commentary on the pettiness and malice that can creep into even the best marriages on occasion, don't hesitate to pick up this sharp, scary, and often blackly funny thriller.By the way, I actually listened to the audiobook version of the book, and the two narrators- Kirby Heyborne and Julia Whelan- are wonderful, making the most of the great material at their disposal.  But I'm confident ""Gone Girl"" is just as much fun to read yourself, if that's your preference.  In any event, I'm now off to track down the small handful of other Gillian Flynn titles out there.
This book was not a disappointment. I literally could not put it down...I had to keep reading to find out what was going to happen next. Very well written. Highly recommended!
Loved her style of writing - smart, witty and eloquent with great character development.  Also liked the journal entry format that kept me wondering about Amy's disappearance.
Utopian literature is often used to jolt us out of complacency, taking the premise that what YOU think is a perfect world might well be HELL ON EARTH to the person sitting next to you (or the person to whom you're married). And since there is no perfection on earth, we always view Utopian lit as fairy tale, fantasy, sci-fi, not real.  In Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn poses a question about the perfect marriage (What happens to the people in a marriage in which all the ideal ingredients are perfectly present?) and illustrates the answer with a clarity (and yes, reality) like you've never read before!!  Known for her psychological thrillers, Gillian Flynn takes the genre a step above that stereotype in Gone Girl.  What would a perfect marriage be like?  Like the marriage of Nick and Amy, two beautiful people who love each other madly, who know each other intimately, and who complete each other perfectly.  Without revealing the ending--they do!  The maddening thing about this novel is that you can't discuss it with anyone who hasn't read it--it would spoil the book for the un-read.  So, get your copy ASAP so you can discuss it with those friends who keep asking, ""Have you read it yet?"" My friends are certainly glad I've finished it.
This is one of the best books I have ever read, hands down. Gillian Flynn is my new favorite author. There is no way you will be able to put this down once you start reading.
I'm surprised that there are some negative reviews of this book, but to each their own.The story is told from both Nick's and Amy's viewpoints; one takes a chapter and then the next chapter is by the other.  Nick and Amy have been married for five years today.  Nick has breakfast with his wife, leaves, and then returns to find her missing.  Thus begins the quest to find out what happened to Amy and whom is responsible.When I first started this book, I thought, wow, this is going to be a looooooong book.  I was sure that I had figured out who the culprit was and I read ahead (as I typically do) to see if I was right.  I'm probably right about 75% of the time.  But I wasn't even close on this one.If you're looking for a book that will really screw with your mind, similar to the movie Memento, this book is it. I'm keeping this review short, because I don't want to give any spoilers.This is another book that asks the question, how well do you really know someone?  What if the person who sleeps next to you every night has been playing a part?  What are we each capable of when we feel threatened or wronged?Highly recommend.
There are so many plot twists that you'll be left completely wrung out! Amy and Nick are both characters that you will love and hate as you ride this psychological thriller!
Gillian Flynn is a master mind. Let me just start there. I was hesitant to purchase this book at first only because I had others in mind (e.g. The Husband's Secret), but the gist of it left me enthralled so I had to indulge. Not to mention it has earned 5,273 ""5 star ratings"" on Amazon alone, including my own, and is #9 (was previously #10) in Amazon's paid sales rank, despite its' release date of over a year ago.Gone Girl was so brilliantly written that I would love to write one of those reviews with a plethora of paragraphs, but I cannot do that without revealing any part of the story. With that said, I for one dislike ""spoilers"" and will not succumb to including any. All I can say is Mrs. Flynn does not miss a beat and she does not cease to AMAZE her readers. This was my first time reading one of Gillian Flynn's novels, and I can guarantee that I will be purchasing Sharp Objects and Dark Places. Gone Girl is psychologically thrilling, intriguing readers and making you think, all while blowing you away. As a psychology major, I loved the psychological aspect Gillian's plot creates, and this is one novel I would love to see being made into a movie. Well done Mrs. Flynn, I and many others, applaud you!
This first-rate novel transcends genre like the best of Chandler and Hammet.  People who don't like the ending should stick to fairy tales, romance novels and comic books.
So many twists and turns made this novel so very different. Emotions run deep in this book for the characters as well as the reader. I can't wait till the movie comes out.
you read 10 books and one really stands out.  this is the one.you think you know characters well and then find you were wrong.  very suspenseful.don't wont to put it down.
Wow. This book just blew me away. I could almost feel Alfred Hitchcock and Patricia Highsmith peering over my shoulder as I read (metaphorically speaking, of course, because I listened to the audio version). I am disturbed by the number of 1 star ratings for this work of genius. Not all books have to have uplifting endings to be masterpieces, and books like these might not appeal to everyone. But the writing was excellent and the plot, well, masterful and inventive to say the least. Oh the book is dark, too be sure, but it is picture perfect in its suspense. I will admit that I really didn't care for either of the main characters but that is part of its genius. You don't really take sides in a book where you can't wholeheartedly root for either character.I did make sure I was only aware of the premise of the book before I started so I had no idea what was coming. That would be my advice to you if you want to read it. Come with no expectations and let the story envelope you. To the author's credit, only one clue gave me a premonition, a spark that caused me to speculate about the ending. It takes real talent to create suspense like this.NOTE: The audio version was fantastic!
I purchased this book on my kindle after reading the good reviews on Amazon.  I am an avid reader and enjoy a variety of genres.  What I enjoyed most about this book was all of the churning my brain was doing trying to figure out WHO is the protagonist in the book!  Strangely enough, I didn't LIKE any of the characters, but that didn't really matter - I wanted to know what was going to happen to these people.The book is written from the point of view of the husband and wife (in diary format in the first part of the book).  The author does a good job of making you dislike a character for a chapter (hence, making you like another) and then flipping it around in the next chapter.  You never quite know who you are ""rooting for"".  Love that angle.SPOILER (don't read unless you want to know part of the ending):  Unlike others, I really like how the book ended.  I thought those two messed up people deserved each other.  Strangely, I liked that the wife didn't go to jail for murder (heck, that happens in every book - this one was different!), but they each got some of their own punishment by being together.  I think the kid will likely be messed up too.  Good thing it is a book! haha!
This is why I love reading books. Gillian Flynn has created some intense characters and you understand them more by reading than you'll ever understand them through film.
I absolutely loved this book! I wanted to take the time to write a proper review as I finished it just last week. Then last night I saw it was a movie featuring Ben Affleck!! He is going to rock this role! This book kept my interest from beginning to end, oh, and it screams sequel! It stars out with Amazing Amy missing, her parents wrote a series of widely popular children's books based on their daughter Amy. She goes missing and everything points to the husband Nick. I went from rooting for Nick to hating him, and back to rooting for him again, as well as I did poor Amy, to OMG she is devious! Amy, well she is amazing, wow! I don't want to give up too much but this girl is smart, and calculated! It is a tit for tat and it goes back and fourth between the husband and wife. It does make you look at your relationship and what we want, need, and make our partners in lives do to prove their love. In the end it seems they were made for each other! The author did a great job of keeping it going, I never flipped through pages or skimmed it to get to the good parts. This is the Author's third book I look forward to reading the others! Congratulations Gillian Flynn! I can't wait to read your next book!
There were so many unexpected twists and turns......even up to the last page!  Usually I can anticipate what is going to happen next; but not so with this novel.  Enjoy!
One of the best books I've read recently. Just when I thought I had figured things out, Gillian Flynn pulledanother rabbit out of her brilliant hat! A great read!!
I couldn't put this book down. It constantly surprises. I carried it with me everywhere and finished it in a few days. Truly original the author never fails to surprise.
This book surprised me. I had already seen the movie trailer which piqued my interest but I had no idea what a strange sociopathic hell was awaiting behind the cover. This story very easily could have been contrived and messy but I didn't find it to be at all. It was precision madness. Every time I thought, ""Perhaps now things will even out,"" some fresh disaster was unleashed on our less than likeable main character, Nick. Surprisingly, at no point did I have the urge to jump ahead...I was content to let the story unfold. I know people who hated the ending but I thought it was a masterful stroke. This was not a happy ending kind of story, not in the romantic sense but I found it poignant and fitting that these two would find themselves so entangled as to not be able to be without the other because, yes, I am convinced it was more than just the baby for Nick. He was both victim and sidekick to Amy's nightmarish ego both feeding off of and fearing her at the same time and rightly so. So...well done. I don't know if this makes any sort of difference but this is the first book, the first anything, I have been compelled to review on Amazon and I have been a customer for years. Enjoy
Good book! This is an entertaining, quick read with lots of surprises! You will not regret buying/reading this one! I've recommended it to numerous friends.
So, I was late to the Gone Girl party! I've had it since last summer when it first blew up, but I just never got around to reading it. I recommended it to my hubby on our most recent vacation, however, and he became so deeply engrossed, that I felt compelled to know what all the fuss was about! I was not at all disappointed, but it did not quite live up to the hype for me (but then what does? When there is this level of excitement around a book, it can rarely measure up). I did find it to be spectacularly well written, and more significantly, incredibly well-plotted. It is not often that I read a book that amazes me in its imaginativeness, and Gone Girl did this for me. It went well beyond what I could possibly conceive, and I loved it for this alone. The only complaint I had was the ending. I won't spoil it, but it was infuriating! I think it was the perfect ending, but it definitely left me with so many thoughts. I was mostly just happy that my hubby had read it as well so we could discuss at length. Gone Girl is not the best book I've ever read, but it was a very good book, and I doubt that you'll be disappointed, even if you are like me and it doesn't quite live up to the hype.
yGot used to the story constantly switching back and forward in time but with that conquered it was a great story. I had seen Gone Girl listed in the Kindle store for a long time but didn't buy it till I got the Kansas U. alumni magazine and saw a featured article about Gillian Flynn and her 3 ..novels. Now, I'm reading her second or third mystery, both of which preceded Gone Girl. All three are a bit nostalgic for me because I grew up in Johnson County in Eastern KS and my great grand father homesteaded in Ottawa County KS at a little bitty town called Delphos, north of Minneapolis, KS, where my Dad, a Kansas City Urologist and four siblings were raised. Grandfather, W.R. Brown had been a state Senator and rancher from Pottawattomie County. Sorry, I digress. Loved all three.More nostalgia for me in the third novel because it's centered in a Mo. bootheel town near Hayti. During the depression and extensive drouth in KS in the early 30's, W.R. Brown shipped his cattle to Sikeston, Mo. because he learned that there were waste piles of cottonseed hulls that the cattle could digest. Later, back in KS, he shipped in Cottonseed Cake for his Hereford and Angus cattle. But I digress.
Gillian Flynn is a master at her craft, layering up the plot like a true artist. The way she is able to create a love affair between the reader and her characters is mesmerizing, as is the way she can also make the reader doubt that same love affair. Her characters have such robust personalities, they came alive in the story, bolstered by their realistic motivations and thought processes. I even found myself falling prey to thinking I was just like one of the main characters, as if Gillian was reading my horoscope.The time frame was at first not cemented in my mind, as I was listening to an audio book, and didn't quite remember when in the past she was referring to as it was only mentioned once, but the story began to come together in time as the story progressed and moved mostly to present day events.Normally I only listen to audio books in the car but this one was so good I listened to the last third of the book in bed before sleep and the next day while working.I look forward to the movie and am pleased that more people will be pushed to read the book due to the attention because this book was one of the better books I've read to in a while.
It is a good read on plane, on beach or relaxing on deck in the yard. It if fiction, i do not think this can happen in real life. It is imaginative. Very well written.
Well written book with good twists and turns. I devoured this book in 2 days!I barely got anything else done during those 2 days. Good thing I'm on summer break!
Gone Girl"" put quite succinctly is simply AMAZING.  Gillian Flynn has an amazing attention to detail.  Not even the tiniest of tiny detail is overlooked. Flynn spins this beautifully intricate web of details where even the last strand of fiber is methodically dependent upon the first. The writing in the introduction is so skillfully complete, without ever once leaving the reader groaning, and promising themselves to ""just struggle through this, it will get better.""Flynn's character development is gripping and thorough, the reader will need to buckle their seat belt, the roller coaster ride ahead is an intense one! WOWGone Girl will keep you guessing which turn is next, and will make you start questioning the spectacle in which trying defendants in the media has become.The finale of the story has received a lot of harsh criticism, which as a reader I cannot understand.  The ending is delicious, it is perfectly AMAZING.If you, like me, have been growing frustrated lately with the latest works of fiction; choppy story lines, poor character development, painful expositions, and so on then Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl"" is your book.
This book was awesome. Spoiler Alert - The first 1/4 it was hard not to root for Nick and think Amy was a detached be-atch. The second 1/4 it was hard not to root for Amy and think Nick was a detached bas-tard. The third 1/4 starts off with a bang and makes it impossible not to fall for Psycho Amy and to throw all caution to the wind while rooting for the psychopath-wannabe while she evens the score with the unsympathetic, no good, two-timing, a-hole Nick. The last 1/4 I found it necessary to simmer down because I hated everyone, and I mean everyone, except Desi. He really didn't deserve what he got in the end, that I'm sure we can all agree. BTW - His autopsy would have shown an overdose of sleeping medication. Ba-bam! Amy's story crumbles. The ending was weak and a bit of a cop out, but the book was still a great read.How about this for an ending - Amy kills Jeff and Greta in their sleep for stealing her money. She moves to that lesbian colony and lives in obscurity happily ever after. Nick gets life in prison and every year on their anniversary Nick gets an anonymous letter from Amy the lesbian with a cryptic treasure hunt clue to where his ""ex"" is living.
I started reading this story with hesitation. Parts of the movie adaptation were filmed in a town only an hour from mine. I didn't want to be the person who was into it just because it gave a nearby town recognition- just to say ""oh yeah, I know all about that"" if anyone were to ask. But I decided to ignore all that, who would even care? I started with a sample of the book. I found it very strange and a little hard to follow at first. It wasn't really one of those books who captured my interest so much that I couldn't put it down but I did kind of want to know what was going to happen. So, when the sample was over, I found myself hitting 'purchase'. I read a little between work assignments and then a little before I went to bed. As the story went on, I found myself unable to put the book down. When the story twisted so severely, I thought ""Oh my goodness, this woman is brilliant!"" Not only the woman in the book, but the author as well. When I started this book, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Now that I have finished it...I will definitely be thinking about it for days. A book hangover if you will. This book should definitely be read by all!
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this book! Oh, did I mention how much I LOVED this book? I don't want to scare anyone, but I saw a lot of myself in some of these characters. Then they just kept getting more and more depraved. Still at the end, even with all of the insane evilness of them, I still see a lot of truth in what was being said. About marriage. About how we take one another for granted. About how you can choose to try in a relationship, or you can choose to walk away. I especially loved how, the more messed up one got, the more the other one couldn't let go. The more they fell back in love with one another....It was amazing to see it happening, and honestly, it was very believable. Amy was kinda off the charts evil and at times hard to believe, but how she chose to believe what she wanted to believe in Nick and him choosing to believe what he wanted to believe in her...well it was very believable. A true co dependence if I have ever seen one! This is like ""War of The Roses"" and ""Fatal Attraction"" rolled up into one and on speed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait to read more from Gillian Flynn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hot dang, what a story!!!!!!!!
Ms. Flynn doesn't need another 5-star review, but she deserves it for writing this virtually flawlless nove. The novel is written in the form of a mystery, but at heart it is a study of human relationships. The characters are sharply drawn and credible. Even the minor characters who have only small parts in the story are carefully drawn and memorable. The plotting is very clever. The writing style is very professional and never gets in the way of the unfolding story. However, IMO, the best feature of this novel is Ms. Flynn's very insightful observations about human relationships. I think we're all interested in what makes other human being tick, and Ms. Flynn explains exactly what made these human beings tick. (Yes, I realize they were fictional human beings, but they seemed very real to me.) My only question is how did the author acquire so much wisdom at such an early age. I always thought that wisdom comes with age, when it comes at all, but Ms. Flynn apparently aged quickly despite her youthful appearance.I had not heard of Ms. Flynn before I noticed Gone Girl at my library, but now I will have to buy her two earlier since my library doesn't have them.
Wonderfully written and suspenseful. You never know what's coming next. I would recommend to anyone who loves toread and is looking for a new type of book and author!
Loved it.  Truly did - it was one of those books that has you thinking about it constantly, and you find yourself telling people, ""I'm reading this book.  It's driving me crazy because I want to find out what happens and instead I have to do normal life things!""Nick's wife is missing and everyone thinks he did it.  He hints that he did it.  But did he ACTUALLY do it?  He doesn't say!  So can you be sure?  But surely he did it.  Did he?  ARGH!When the second half of the book kicks in, it adds even more tension and is a brilliant story development.I know some people have complained that it has 'the worst ending ever', and while I agree that it all wrapped up rather quickly compared to the slow burn of the rest of the story, it was a good, creative ending.  I think people like their favourite character to 'win' and feel disappointed when something else happens.  I like it when something else happens!  Otherwise, you've read the whole book knowing how it would end.I loved the fact that it was easy and simple to read with the odd unfamiliar word thrown in - had me using the dictionary function on my Kindle a few times.
Loved it. It started off a bit slow then all the twists happened and I couldn't put it down. I had to find out what happens next. I wonder if there will be a sequel.
I just loved this book, kept me guessing the whole way thru ...  I have reccomended this book to many people and I haven't had anyone say it wasn't a fantastic book!
I went through this book pretty quickly because it was so good. If you think you know what will happen at any point, guess again. Very well written and entertaining.
I haven't really read many thrillers - if that's even what you'd call Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl."" Flynn's breakthrough novel, the one which thrust her into national spotlight, tells the story of the tragic, troubled marriage of Nick and Amy Dunne. Both writers, (Nick recently lost a job writing for New York magazines, Amy used to write puzzles for magazines, with dwindling income) Nick and Amy move back to Nick's small midwestern hometown to help care for Nick's ailing mother. The perfect couple - at least at first glance - their marriage seems to unravel as the story progresses. Told from alternating viewpoints: Nick in first-person present narrative, while Amy's story is heard in flashbacks via excerpts from her diary. Nick seems insincere as the case against him tightens, but is he really guilty? Or is there more to the story? Told with wonderfully athletic prose and witty turns of phrase, the author pulls you in and whispers ""Hold on..."" as the safety bar cinches down across your lap and you head for the first drop of her roller-coaster ride of a novel. A wonderfully suspenseful read, Gillian Flynn takes us to some Dark Places, indeed.
Normally, when a best-selling novel is developed into a movie, I prefer to read the novel first. However, this time around, I am ashamed to admit that did not happen. Once the film was in theaters, my boyfriend and I went to see it. (Okay, I pretty much dragged him there). By the end of the movie, I was baffled in the outcome and wished that I had indeed read first and then watched. The thing is, although I do own a Kindle Fire (at the time I owned a NOOK), I hate to purchase books, and instead will borrow them from the library. I had Gone Girl on hold for what seemed like forever. Finally, it was my turn to borrow the ebook. I immediately began reading and I soon was aware of just how well the movie actually followed the book. I can only remember one other time I read a book, which eventually made it to the big scree, and perfectly followed the book. Nothing upsets me more than when I read a book, to later watch the film and see all the changes that were made. This to me completely takes away from the novel's purpose inspiring the motion picture to begin with. If you have seen the film and not read the book, I highly recommend you pick up your copy asap.
Loved this book so much that I stayed up all night reading it. I didn't want it to end! So many twists and turns that keep the reader guessing. Highly recommend it!
Well written, with many twists.  I easily became invested in the characters, wondering what would happen next and  I was often surprised.  I hope there is a sequel.
Could not stop reading until the end. Twisted mind and twisted turns.Can't give much away, except this is a study in sociopathy that is surprising to the end.
This was a very enjoyable read of complex issues and unpredictable complications.  The characters are well developed and believable, even though  very complicated.
Truly original....kept me guessing the entire time.....the ending is unbelievableCouldn't put it down!Can't wait to see the movie adaptation.....
Excellent! Started a little slow but soon turned and I couldn't  put it down!  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to be taken on a mind roller-coaster ride
This is a good book by a great author.  It's creepy and fascinating at the same time.  You will never know again if you really truly know who you are married to...
This book had such rave reviews that I had to read it! I actually downloaded it from the local Library and was so excited when it finally came available from there. It is written in the format of a diary by the main characters Nick and Amy (more so for Amy than Nick). For me it really didn't become super interesting until about 50 to 100 pages into the book.  I read a lot and have acquired so many books that I want to read that I do not like to waste time on books that are not keeping my interest. After it takes off though this book is amazing, bizarre and just plain creepy!!!! I am so glad that I did not stop reading and recommend this to anyone that wants to enjoy a truly different read. The basic story (of which I do not want to divulge too much of) is that Amy goes missing on Nick and Amy's anniversary. Like so many other books and real-to-life situations, the husband (Nick) automatically is suspected of murdering Amy. Once Nick figures out what really is happening...the story takes off and does not stop until you read the final page...and I recommend that you do read until the final page. I will be looking into other books by this author...
I would like to preface my review of this novel by mentioning that I am neither a mystery/crime/thriller buff nor have I read any of Flynn's past works. I am just an avid reader who saw the stellar reviews of this book and was inspired to try it. I'm happy to report that this book lives up to its hype!I enjoyed this book primarily because it was something of a hybrid of character study and mystery novel. Flynn was able to create (and maintain) an aura of suspense and intrigue without merely stringing together a series of frenetic, increasingly unbelievable plot twists. (There were plot twists, certainly, but they were somehow both unexpected and realistic). The suspense was founded, instead, on her immensely detailed characterizations. Amy and Nick had such distinct voices in their alternating vignettes that I didn't want to put the book down because I wanted to learn more about their actions, thoughts, and motivations.GONE GIRL is a compelling and well-written book that I really enjoyed, so I hope you will check it out. I'm already planning to read Flynn's other works!
sick.sick.sick. I loved every word. Flynn really makes you have a love/hate relationship with both ""characters"". read the book before the movie ruins it for you!!
I could not believe how this book took such an evil little twist and the ending made me want to scream!!!  Those really deserve each other!  Hahaha!  Loved it!!!!
This book kept my attention from the first chapter! So many twists and turns! So many shockers! Just when you think you know... Bam another turn! Written so well!
Darkly exciting story, complex characters and a great twist! It grabbed my imagination and wouldn't let go... I look forward to reading more of Mrs. Flynn's work.
Suspense filled book. Keeps you asking for more. Read book on suggestion from friend and definitely loved the book. Will be reading the other book by this author.
This book is a page-turner. I really enjoyed the different character perspectives. This book always kept me guessing and on the edge of my seat - really enjoy it!
Gillian Flynn's novel ""Gone Girl"" works at many levels - part suspense mystery, part social critique, part lament for Great Recession America. On the morning of Nick and Amy Dunne's five-year anniversary, Amy suddenly disappears from their townhouse in North Carthage, MO. What follows in the novel is Nick's search for his wife in the decay of cul-de-sac America and Amy's diary account of the death of their marriage. As the police investigation uncovers signs that point to Amy's murder, a lurid media circus erupts that demonizes Nick.But not everything is what it seems. About [SPOILER ALERT] halfway through the novel, there is a revelation that turns the entire story upside down. Flynn is going for something more than just a fast-paced mystery ripped from the proverbial headlines. ""Gone Girl"" is a mediation on the self-deceptions and illusions we maintain in marriage. Flynn suggests that we don't really know our partners and that perhaps the illusion of a good marriage is just as livable as the reality of a good marriage.""Gone Girl"" is suspenseful and thought provoking. One of the best books I've read this year.
First book I have picked up in years. Best book I have ever read! Perfect for someone who doesn't want to be bored by words.  There's a twist at every page turn.
I love a book with twists and turns and this is the best!  I loved this book.  I talked my book group into it (finally).  They liked it but not as much as I did!
Worth. Every. Page. Every time I thought I knew where the story was gonna go next, it veered somewhere else. Very interested to see how they make this a movie.
Outstanding! This story has many twists and turns. I couldn't put this book down! A smartly written thriller that will have you in suspense until the very end!
This book set the bar and set it HIGH. So far I've been searching for a book that knocked me out of my chair and had me hanging on for dear life. None have met this book or even come close. This book is a phenomenal study in the workings of marriage and the emotional toll it can take on people. Chock full of twists and turns and great character development that leaves you wondering who exactly you're rooting for. I cannot stress enough that everyone should give this book a try. It is by far my favorite reed since Duma Key and 11/22/63 by Stephen King. WOnderfully compelling and extremely exciting. The hardest part was the end because it was over. I don't know how she's going to top this book and part of me wonders if she will. I read both her other books and they are just as good, but not on the same level of Gone Girl. Flynn is raw and unedited and the book shows she has no limits. Looking forward to her next novel. I will say, I wonder how the movie will turn this out, but I know I'll be one of those people saying ""It will never be as good as the book"" when the credits roll. Must read for anyone. PERFECT beach read.
I devoured this book in three sittings. Each section was a page-turner. A mystery, thriller, and love story all rolled into one. You will not be disappointed.
The novel, Gone Girl, is a fascinating novel that was written by Gillian Flynn and published in the year 2012. The novel opens up with a story where a young couple Nick and Amy are getting into their fifth wedding anniversary and Amy disappears and whether Nick Dunne is able to kill his wife Amy.  As Jeff Giles said about the book “there’s not a lot I can tell you about gone girl without raining its dark surprises”. Also, he believes “no matter how smart you think you are, it's going to bite you”. I agree with jeff Giles, because after reading this book, I can say that one of the best thing about the novel, that it’s keeps the reader guessing. Also, what I really like about the book is that it is a story that it is told in different ways, the husband and the wife which make it more interesting. Overall this book is very good book not just because it is a great crime story, and build up, but at the same time it is a story that started as many marriages, and it touch many themes and things that can happen to anyone in real life, Also the book shows the effects of many things such as Money, and parents on marriage.
Gone Girl blew up in 2012 after its release. As it was, I was skeptical to read it. A book's popularity is very polarizing for me. I either must get my hands on it immediately or have absolutely no desire to read it. In the beginning, it was the latter for me. Gone Girl just didn't appeal to me. Then, as has happened to me numerous times before, I saw the movie trailer. The idea of a movie has a way of intriguing me and making me pick up books I otherwise wouldn't have even bothered with (especially if said movie has an interesting trailer). And so, I finally decided to read Gone Girl.This book was so much better than I thought it would be. Yes, it was the Goodreads Choice Winner of 2012 (Mystery & Thriller), but I read so many negative reviews. I can't count how many times I saw people complain about the ending. So, even though it is an award winning book, I went into it not expecting to be wowed since so many other people were disappointed. Nope! I loved it. It's twisty and full of turns. It's dark and absolutely crazy. It was everything that I love in a mystery/thriller.And I, for one, liked the ending.
I could not put the book down! From beginning to end, the story captivated me. Would highly recommend this book for anyone who likes psychological thrillers.
First time I read this author .i really liked the story ,well writen I never could guess ahead . Should take a while for me to find another story this good .
This was a fantastic page-turner that really held my attention. I couldn't put it down! Literally, I carried it with me everywhere. I highly recommend this.
Twists & turns, superb writing, unbelievable story ... lurching & tumbling across emotions & characters, feinting & striking ... simply brilliant narrative.
Clever smart writing.  Great twists and the first person narrative keeps you guessing and actually casts doubt on whether characters are innocent or guilty.
I loved this book. My sister-in-law did not. Let's do some haiku!Very well writtenKept me in constant suspenseNot all books end well
WARNING: Semi Spoiler in that you know how I feel about the character of Amy and you know something took a wild turn to make me feel that way but nothing is given away.Amy Elliott Dunn. 4 Days After Reading Her Last WordsI want her dead. I have thoughts of so many ways to get her dead and have Nick still get and keep what he wants. I find myself waking from dreams...brilliant dreams...of killing her. And her not see it coming. Yes this book is that good. I can't stop thinking about it. And the ending has me so effed up that I literally woke up from a dream and wrote this.I bought this book but I actually end up finishing it by borrowing the audio version from the library. I think because I listened to it, it had more of an effect on me. I still here the narrator's voice. And yes I really do want to strangle Amy just as a favor to Nick. I loved the ride this book too me on. I've never read a mystery/suspense before and for this to be my first, it was awesome. I'm already reading another of Gillian Flynn's novels and I'm looking forward to the roller coaster that awaits me in those pages.
At first, I did not have any interest in reading this. I thought it was going to be cheesy. I just got married in March, and after a year of wedding planning- I didn't care to read any cheesy love story. Obviously, I had never read this author before! Love store it is not. It is a dark, twisted, keep you on the edge of your seat thriller. It's been a long time since I've encountered a novel where there are so many depths to a character you don't know who or what to believe. That's the experience each of the characters gave. You're seeing the story through their eyes, and the author does a great job of showing how point of view can really change perspectives. There were SO many twists in this novel. I actually LOVED the ending. It was an UNEXPECTED twist. For the reviews that stated she didn't know how to end the novel, so she made it a twist, which disappointed them- I wonder if she hadn't thrown that twist in there would you instead be complaining it was ""predictable?"" Predictable it was not. I LOVED this novel, finished it in two sittings, and will certainly venture out to read more of her work.
I couldn't 'turn the pages' any quicker (using an earlier version of Kindle)I have not delighted in such fiendish writing in ages. The clever, CLEVER twists and totally ""IN the head of the character's"" writing was so captivating I embarrassingly admit to outbursts of emotes that even had my husband asking, ""WHAT?!"" and then me filling him in on the wickedness of this story. I can't retell like the Ms. Flynn wrote it, but 2nd hand, my husband was engrossed too.Brilliant, I think...this writing --about absolute insanity delivered in bursts of revelations about the 'truth' of the choices of each character---was done so by Flynn to keep us wondering from first chapter to last word...a 'WHATtheHELLisgoingON????' And then a ""HOW sick is THAT person!""I read on IMBD it will be a movie...or it's been bought for such. I say, READ THIS FIRST. It will be a killer-flick, but NOTHING will do what your own head does while reading this.Enjoy!PS Now onto my 2nd choice by this author (""Gone"" was  my first read of hers): ""Dark Places"" --Equally bizarre and delectable.
I think I already rated this book. Wonderfully written and engaging. Didn't want to put it down. Several people felt the same way and recommended it to me.
I read this book in a very short time as I couldn't wait to see what was coming next.  It will be interesting to see how this book translates into a movie.
Could not stop reading but after a sleepless night I can't help laughing at the twists this story takes. I am going up look for other books by this author.
I've been reading a lot of terrible free kindle books lately (sorry, terrible free kindle book authors) so in the last few weeks I decided to finally read some of the books people have been recommending. I only picked this because I noticed the author quoted on The Demonologist, and the same day heard a librarian explaining to another reader that Gone Girl had an 18 person wait list (if that many people want it I'm willing to give it a go).I liked every part of this book, even the bits that annoyed me because the characters were making such blatantly terrible decisions. I think it's a testament to Flynn that I actually found myself thinking at one point 'but of course Nick would do that' as if he was a real person who was renowned for his bad planning.It's an interesting plot, served by strong writing and well developed characters. I really wanted to get to the end, while really wanting it to keep going so I could find out where else the story could go.I would definitely recommend this, and even suggest you skip the 18 person library wait and buy a copy.
This book was a roller coaster ride that I won't soon forget. What appears to be something grabbed from today's headlines turns out to be much more dark and sinister. Nick and Amy Dunne have hit a rough patch in their marriage when Amy suddenly disappears on their fifth anniversary. As the investigation deepens Nick becomes the prime suspect.During the first part of this book it seemed just like one of those all to familiar mysterious disappearances of a loving, devoted wife. I found myself being sucked into the story and cast in the roll of the disgusted public calling for the husband's head. It seemed obvious that Nick was behind the disappearance, and I felt horrible for Amy.I was not prepared for the jaw-dropping revelation in the second part. The twists in this book boggled my mind. The tangled web of this story became more intricate until the climax of the third part. This book will leave readers still thinking about it long after they finish it. An absolutely thrilling book that will mess with your mind.
This book had so many twists and turns that I never had any clue what was coming next. I didn't totally love the ending, but it was still an awesome book.
I couldn't put it down.  I thought I knew what the book was going to be but it truely surprised me.  It's been a while since I have been that into a book!
Recommended by my lovely neighbors stating you won't be able to stop reading it. So true first intro to g Flynn won't be my last  thanks  angie and nickie
This is a book that convinces you to make excuses to do nothing but read. Even when you understand what's happening you're not quite sure how it will end.
I want to preface this review with the fact that I typically do not go for mystery or suspense novels.  I read this for my book club.  I have to say, though, that the book captivated me from the beginning and did not disappoint.  Even the end left me in a thoughtful trance that kept me asking, ""would I have done the same?  Was there really a choice in the matter?"" (you'll have to read the book to figure out why I ask).Without giving anything away, I found myself rooting for one character and then rooting for another.  I am not even sure there is a ""bad"" guy in the book because of the 3-dimensional viewpoint the author gives of each person.  The reader is given the chance to see deep inside most of the characters in the book, and there are enough twists and turns to keep you on your toes.This was a great read!  I have been trying to find a book that could keep me hooked from beginning to end, and this one did it.  Great read!  I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a good mystery, interesting characters, captivating storyline and an unexpected ending.
I loved and hated this book at the same time. Is that possible? This book captivated me and I spent any free time I had reading it and finished it in three days. I love the way Flynn made my mind work. I was constantly trying to figure out exactly what happened.But let me tell you, nothing is as it seems. Just when you think you have it figured out, Gillian Flynn cuts the breaks of your car and sends you flying around a curvy road at 75 mph. By the time I got to the second part there was so much profanity flying out of my mouth and my mind was BLOWN. Great story but in the end I hated Nick and Amy almost equally. Nick is spineless and Amy's a maniac. I HATED the way the book ended. I read the last sentence, flipped the page expecting to see more and yelled ""THAT'S IT?!?! ARE YOU KIDDING?!?!"" I was truly disgusted by the end of the book. The ending was absolutely mind boggling. So basically, I loved the mind screw and the twists and turns, hated the way the book ended. And for all you men who love to call women crazy, honey you haven't seen crazy. Read this book and meet Amy.
Riveting! This book had me second guessing the entire way through.  Every page had me engrossed.  An enthralling novel of a battle between good and evil.
This is my second Gillian Flynn novel & I've got to say she is an author to watch. Her books are amazing, complex, character driven thrillers. I can't wait to read more.Gone Girl was a great book. In a nutshell it's about Amy Dunne, a woman who goes missing on her 5th year wedding anniversary. The book rotates from her husband Nick's POV as the investigation goes on & he becomes the prime suspect, to Amy's POV through past diary entries. It's impossible to say much more without giving stuff away but this was a great way to see how different both characters view things.But there's so much more going on. It's disturbing, it's thrilling, it's all over the place. It's insightful & unsettling the way Flynn writes about people, marriage,'relationships, men & women.  Both characters are richly drawn & I found myself being unable to put the book down until I finally knew what was going on.You will not be disappointed if you read this book.....but it may leave you glancing at your significant other, wondering, how well can one person really know another?
illian Flynn dishes out an amazing plot, where the characters shades moves from heroes to villains, victims to victimized with a change of every chapter. The reader is left totally confused on which side to support. And this confusion of the reader becomes an obsession to complete the book. As happens with many a gripping plot, the end is slightly tame and feels a bit emptyAlong the way there are lots of philosophical questions raised. Is infidelity justified under some extraordinary conditions or is it just bad? Is subjugation the only means of a peaceful life (especially as one reads the last chapter)? Which are the ""and"" conditions and which are the ""or"" conditions in life. Gillian does not make any pretense of holding a lecture on philosophy through this book, but a a reader, there were many a times the plot led to me ponder over this.The language is quite neat and Gillian has been quite reasonable with the the word count, and hence there is little chance to skip any part of the content.I would strongly recommend this book
I listened to the audiobook, and the narrators were beyond fantastic! Julian Whelan BECAME Amy and Kirby Heyborne IS Nick. I can give no higher praise.This book is so much better if you go into it without knowing anything other than one basic fact - Nick's wife Amy is missing. That's all you need to know so try not to read plot summary and reviews (yes, I see the irony). The story is told from alternating point-of-views of Nick and Amy. It goes on about their lives and what happened leading up to the disappearance & what happens after. But, as with all marriages, things aren't always what they seem. And Gilian Flynn - she's a master/ a mistress of teasing out a story ... giving us a slow buildup ... and then BAM - hang on suckers because we're about to get own & dirty into the real meat of the story. It levels off for about a second, and then BAM ... again, and again, and again. And guess what - the characters are so damn UNLIKABLE! That's right, I hated myself for liking one over the other but, I couldn't stop listening to the audiobook. It was intense, and insane
The story flips back and forth between present and past. Nick narrates the present, while Amy's side of the story unfolds through her past diary entries. Amy and Nick are writers, unemployed writers. They used to live in New York, but moved to Nick's hometown in Missouri to help his sister care for his sick and aging parents. Things are looking pretty bleak. Bleak is just the beginning though. Now Amy is missing.Gillian Flynn is fantastic at using language to set the tone. You know you're in for a ride right away. Slowly the past and present come together. As they do, Flynn drops little tidbits that make you think, ""Wait... what was that?"" Those little tidbits scratched at the back of my brain. I felt like I was squinting into shadows to make out something I just saw move. Those shadows are real, and there's an unbelievable twist hiding in them. This is a psychological thriller that continually surprised me. I loved this book. I've read both Sharp Objects and Dark Places, but I think this one is my favorite.
Nick and Amy Dunne are all set to celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary at their rented mansion on the Mississipi River, when Amy disappears without a trace. Where has this beauiful and clever girl gone, and why does Nick, supposedly a devoted husband, tell so many lies to the police, fabrications he's soon caught up in? However, Nick continues to declare his innocense, even though he admits to having a teen-age mistress, but as the weeks drag on with no sign of the elusive Amy, things look bad for the town's once-golden boy. Cleverly told from the characters' different points of view, in chapter after chapter, we soon realize this is a marriage straight from hell. The result is a book that is not only darkly wild and intriguing, but nasty and downright creepy at times--yet you can't stop reading! Could Nick, in spite of his weaknesses, really be a killer, and could charming Amy possibly be mad, as well as evil? I haven't read many books that really scared me, but when I finished this one I realized I'd just met a writer who's a master of mystery and suspense. Great job!
really awesome book. couldnt put it down. cant wait for the movie to come out in October. really great plot. definitely will read more from this author.
I had checked it out from the library. Renewed twice, out of renewals but didn't yet finish. Bought it, finished it, loved it! Can't wait for the movie!
Very interesting book, couldn't put it down.  Ignored my husband on vacation because I was reading all the tume( but isn't that what vacations are for)?
I couldn't stop reading this book. It was much better than the movie. The author did a great job of telling the story from two different points of view
A riveting and enjoyable read. Full of surprising twists and turns. I actually liked the ending. I didn't see it comng and it was fittingly diabolical!
I am not one to just read any book. I choose thoughtfully. This book was an excellent choice. It only took me 3 days to read the book. I did not want to put it down. There were a few parts I found a bit dry, and sluggish. However, those parts made sense in the end and in the development of each person. I found my self hating Amy, then feeling sorry for her, and then back to hating her. With Nick, I felt sorry for him a lot, then to pure disgust, and on to pity. They are both quite awful people and once their stories open fully you are shocked at the vile qualities in both of them. Unfortunately, I know a few people in my own life that are about as awful as these two. That fact made this story quite hard to read and at the same time, left me wanting to go further.Some people have complained the language is awful, but honestly, from two horrible character what else would you expect? I think it was wrote brilliantly, language and all. I also am not sure what others were complaining about such graphic sex? What one or maybe two scenes? That wasn't graphic!!!
I had seen the movie and thought I had ruined the ""twist"" of the book.  It did not, it was a fascinating read and perfect for a beach weekend.
This book was great, I couldnt put it down! I immediately downloaded one of the author's other books! Gone Girl is full of twist and unexpected turns!
The novel caught me right away and had many twists and turns that kept me guessing.  I was a little disappointed in the ending but well worth reading.
Excellent storytelling. Grabs you right from the start and won't let go. Believable characters and settings, you feel as if you are part of the story.
It was a great read. One you put down to cook dinner and find yourself going back bargaining with yourself to do the fishes after a few chapters more.
For the most part, the reviews of Gillian Flynn's novel refer to the perplexing relationship of a married couple. Instead of focusing on the relationships, I want to mention the writing structure of ""Gone Girl."" As the story unfolds, it breaks two usual rules of fiction writing mean to satisfy readers.Rule 1.  Readers need to empathize with the protagonist. Flynn does not give the readers a dog in this fight. Who the protagonist depends on where the reader is in the story.Rule 2. The story has a satisfying outcome. Flynn dodged writing a cliché conclusion. Saying more gives away the ending.The readers' reaction to this novel, from my point of view, depends on their subjective view of marriage. (Although I did not consider murder, many times I wished my mate had also vanished as did the wife in the story.) And, whether the reader needs a novel to follow the traditional storyline to consider it good.I found Flynn's tale delicious and believe her book should be required reading for Fiction Writing courses as an example of creative plotting
Lots of twists in this book. Definitely worth reading. It's one of those books you stay up to late reading because you have to see what happens next.
I couldn't put down this novel, especially because there were so many twists and turns. Intelligent, clever, disturbing, fascinating! Brava, Gillian.
Awesome book!  The storyline kept me on the edge of my seat the entire read. The minute you think you have figured it out, that theory is blown away.
I'm in love with Gillian Flynn.  No, actually I am in love with the way she writes and the way that she thinks and the way that she tells a story.  Don't just read Gone Girl, her break through this will make her as hot as James Patterson book, but go back and start with Sharp Objects and Dark Places her first two novels and you will see the burgeoning genius of this writer.  If Strindberg wrote novels they'd be just like Gillian Flynn's only not as funny.  While reading it I kept thinking of other playwrights such as Eugene O'Neill (Iceman Cometh and Long Days Journey Into Night) and especially Albee's Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf (""....I swear to Christ if you existed I'd divorce you!"")  This book is dark; all her books are dark but boy does this ""darkness"" shed a lot of light on the human condition and does so with a sense of humor that cracks like a whip across your consciousness.  The last book to catch me this way was Jonathan Franzen's The Corrections and Gone Girl is in that league
I couldn't put this book down.  One unbelievable turn after another........just when you think it will turn out one way....bang...it's the opposite!
This book kept me looking for chances to sit down & read it.  Many plot twists & turns.  I will continue to look for more of Gillian Flynn's novels.
Excellent book, very satisfying.  I was sorry when it was over. Purchased additional books by this author to be entertained at the same high level..
Very good read... Lots of twists and turns that keep you intrigued and wanting to read on. Would recommend this to anyone that likes a good mystery.
So well pieced together that I was never sure what would happen next! I'm still thinking about what the characters may be doing after the last page.
What a great read! Twists and turns you never expect. Gillian Flynn had perfected the art of creating characters you love to hate and hate to love.
Very well written, interesting format. Kept me engaged and wanting more. A little bit upset at the abrupt ending. Now I can't wait to see the movie
Very creepy...a little predictable but good for book club.  It contains the discussion guide at the end which is good for stimulating conversation.
Gillian Flynn has become one of my favorite new authors. Excellent book! Highly recommend all of her books, pager turners that hold your attention.
Been hearing about this forever. Should have listened v sooner. Good modern whodunnit. Unique storytelling methods. Definitely worth trying it out.
Wow. This book was so incredibly well written. Details were the crux of the storyline. Amy was so incredibly brilliant but damaged at the same time. How the daughter of 2 psychologists could operate the way she did is puzzling and at the same time revealing. It seems they were her early enablers. Amazing Amy led the perfect life while daughter Amy existed is the part the parents were responsible for. How could they not see how Amy would feel inferior even if she didnt verbalize it to them?I love the ""cool girl"" references. Nick and Go have their twindom that seems authentic. Nick and Amy both seem so likeable at the beginning when they are speaking their truths to us. Telling us what they wanted us to know about them; and then they stopped pretending and showed us who they really were. You honestly didn't predict anything that happened because unless you're an honest to God psycho yourself, you couldn't have.The fickleness of the media and public perception with criminal cases was spot on. Highly recommend!
This is the sort of book you have trouble leaving, no matter how urgent the demands of living your own life are.  While I spent a lot of my reading time thinking, ""Noooo!"", I expected it to come out all right in the end.  My eldest son would love the ending.  But I am dissatisfied that a vicious sociopath will be raising another human being.  I also want the Ozark ironic robbers back on the scene, Go and Boney happy that Amy is locked away or dead.  At the very least I want Go to have Nick' s book on a memory stick and all the stuff in Go's shed sold on EBay.  I know that life is not fair, but I like my fiction to be, at least a little.  That's probably one of the reasons this book is so good.  Of course it's well written but Flynn has the courage to leave the monster in place and the monster in Nick forever blackmailed into submission by the advent of a son.  Not every sociopath can have a Hitleresque blow out suicide, leaving his pet psychopaths flapping in the wind.  Amy is no Madeline, which should make many readers happy, but not me.
well, i was going to write a full blown review, but i don't have the time or energy for it now, so i'll just give a shorthand version of my what was going to be a full fledged review.......this book is great!! i don't mean dostoyevsky, f. scott fitzgerald, hemingway type of great. no offense to the writer. i mean great concept/plot, great way to reveal or not reveal writing & best of all, you LITERALLY DID NOT WANT TO (& COULDN'T) PUT IT DOWN!!i can normally predict plots, how they will go, what the outcome will be, etc. & w/this, i DID also have predictions, but she twisted & turned a bit beyond my predictions & i was THRILLED w/what she did w/this story. i had been wanting to see the film badly, but then decided if i saw the film, i would not want to read the book, as it would be ""ruined"" for me. at least if i read the story first & know it, the film can still be enjoyed, even though i know what is coming. so i HIGHLY recommend this book: as a great story, as a page turned, and as a good amount of a mind blower! :)
There is wonderful writing here--but we all need to shout loud until Amazon pays its fair share of corporation tax. I really enjoyed this author's earlier books and if you did, why don't you log in and leave 10 more reviews like this today. It shouldn't just be people who can't afford a team of tax specialists who pay their fair share of tax. Sign that cheque or forever lose my respect and the respect, no doubt, of this very fine author.Amazon was happy to take your money, but is trying every trick in the book to avoid paying its dues back. This has got to stop.Amazon avoids UK taxes by reporting European sales through a Luxembourg-based unit, which allows it to pay a rate of less than 12% on foreign profits last year--less than half the average corporate income tax rate in its major markets. The company's United Kingdom website reported a turnover of £207m for 2011, but its tax bill was just £1.8m.This is not illegal. Just damn immoral.The other option, of course, is to visit a book shop.
Starts slow then grabs you around chapter three.  Really loved the character development.  Great twists. Looking forward to reading Sharp Objects.
This book was a real surprise! Well drawn characters that drag you into the plot and lots of twists and turns meaning you can't put the book down.
What was expected was a well written mystery yarn.What was found was an innovative presentation with  twists & turns & an unexpected ending.
Wonderful and very clever build up!Quite an extraordinary story was made out of an event which albeit difficult emotionally is not unusual !
I ended up reading this after my wife couldn't put it down for 4 days.My assumption that it was fantastic was definitely correct!!!I couldn't put it down either, and I'm not even an avid reader. The way Flynn writes her settings and characters is stunning. It's like she's standing in front of you showing you photographs of her themes. That's how well her words translate into my metal perceptions of the story. The characters and locations all jumped off the page with hyper realism.Flynn also wrote the movie screen play and was heavily involved with the production, meaning that the movie looks just like she envisioned the characters and the settings when she wrote the book. When I saw the movie, it was EXACTLY like I had imagined every last detail while reading the book. Even the way the characters looked in the book was how I envisioned everything while reading. It's incredible writing.
First of all, thanks to Kristine for this book recommendation. It was reeling!Team Nick or Team Amy? I'll stay on the right, so Team Nick. But the brilliance of Amy, wow! She's really just too smart! Kudos to Gillian Flynn for creating such sick characters!The start was a bit slow, but just enough to hold the reader's interest, then more than halfway through, it picked up steam, and there was no stopping the train!This is a story about a husband suspected of killing his missing wife; then the wife turned up and everything should have been clarified, right? The answer is no. The tale went on, and so I thought it would end another way, and then it veered again. Then the ending that is not an ending, but still a brilliant ending. At this point, I would clamor for a sequel..it would really be interesting how the author would write it...if I were her, I would have Amy die in childbirth, or would that be too heroic for her?Now officially a fan, I will be reading more of Gillian's books!
I love a good thriller and this was exactly what I wanted. Every time I thought I knew what was going to happen, there would be another surprise.
Well written, intriguing story aboutarriafw and relationships.  Kept my interest.  Couldn't put it down. I recommend reading it. Worth your time.
My head was spinning by the end with how many ways I felt about the characters.  I highly recommend it to everyone, not just mystery enthusiasts.
Spellbinding! Many twists and turns make for a great read. Flynn is a amazing story teller, and kepte on the edge of my seat for the entire read.
Well written and keeps you guessing till the end.I had been wanting to read this for sometime and onceI started couldn't put it down.
I WAS SURPRISED ABOUT THE TWISTS IN THIS BOOK, BUT THEY MADE IT VERY INTERESTING. NEVER READ ANYTHING BY THIS AUTHOR BEFORE BUT ENJOYED HER WORK.
My daughter told me about this book and I couldn't put it down. Great read and keeps you guessing even though you think you know how it will end
Loved it! Started reading blogs and found so many more amazing reads as a result of loving this book! Gillian Flynn has a gift for shock affect!
Excellent book-well written!  It kept me at the edge of my seat-I didnt want to put it down.  Cant wait to read more of this author'swork.
I really enjoyed Flynn's first novel, Sharp Objects, but Gone Girl really is the next level.This is a love story, a murder mystery and a caper story all rolled into one, simmered in a base of horror... Crisp, observant and very modern, she paints these tremendously detailed characters who are simultaneously creepy and lovable, but always memorable. The pacing is masterful and despite the morbid dealings, I found myself having a great deal of fun as the plot unfolded. I love the contrasts between big city and small town, the strong character types that are quirky enough to stand out, and her cultural awareness: there are neat literary and movie references throughout. I kept asking myself: ""How does she think of this?!""Highly recommended, regardless of your usual literary diet, Gone Girl traverses genres and does so deliciously!
I've read some of the negative reviews about this book, including several that say they hated the ending.  Let me just say that I firmly believe that the ending can make or break a book.  The ending of this book was perfect; it left me thinking about all that had gone before it and turning the characters over in my head for days after.  It didn't tie everything up in a nice little bow, but it fit the rest of the story in ways a more conventional ending would not have.As for those who say the plot is unrealistic, they're not completely wrong.  And thank goodness. If I ran into these characters in real life, I would run the other way as fast as I could.  But there are just enough crazy people out there in the world to convince me that these people might be real, somewhere, just thankfully not in my life.  I enjoyed the writing and the plot twists and the character development enough to overlook the craziness and enjoy the ride.  I'm sure I'll read it again, but nothing will ever beat that first read-through.
...can be hard to discern in this engrossing novel. Flynn is a gifted novelist who does a virtual literary striptease, revealing just enough to keep you returning for more (the book was impossible to put down for any length of time) without letting you in on the whole nine yards. You find yourself believing - and rooting for - both the husband and wife at different points, not knowing whom to believe.Some people liked the ending, some did not. Personally I thought it was fitting and a more complex resolution than the 'easy out' the author could have taken (I would have been disappointed if the author had gone for that low hanging fruit). We discussed this book at length at our book club at work, and it was interesting to hear all the different perspectives and perceptions of the characters. A very good piece of work with very complex, layered characters, it's a book that will have you thinking about the characters long after you finish it.[[ASIN:030758836X Gone Girl: A Novel]  dxiffj DUI
Let's ignore the plot for a minute and just look at how the story is told - Gillian Flynn has a real facility with language and she just makes the sentences sing.  This is a finely, beautifully written tale.  Now to the plot - I love an unreliable narrator and both Nick and Amy are pretty unreliable,  everything they say and do has to be reexamined once we come to the end of the book,  and I like a book that makes you need to read it twice, not because it's confusing,  but because new information keeps shedding different light...  I thought Amy was a great character and while I never rooted for her,  I definitely wanted to know what she was going to do next.  It's easier to like Nick,  even though he does some pretty unlikable things,  but he too needs reevaluating as new stuff comes to light.  I liked everything here,  there were no false notes.  I'd like to see more of them - not necessarily a direct sequel,  but can we bump into them again in the next book?Well worth reading and discussing,  go ahead,  buy!
I really enjoyed this book, lots of surprise twists couldn't put it down. Just bought two other books by Gillian Flynn can't wait to read them.
One of the best books I have ever read...Fast pace...great characters...could not put it down for a minute...I would rate it 20 stars and more.
This book kept me guessing and thinking! I absolutely love that crazy lady! Very well written and the characters stay true throughout the book.
I have definitely found a new favorite author. Flynn is a true master. Both plot and characters are flawless. Looking forward to more from her.
Really good read..........keep you interested every step of the way! Great twists and turns and excellent storyline. Highly recommend this book
I loved this book.  It kept me interested the whole time. Couldn't put the book down at night and couldn't wait to pick it up the next morning.
I liked it a lot.  Interesting developments.  Great character development.  Some reviewers did not like the ending but I thought it was strong.
I wanted justice.  I wanted Nick to take his baby and run. The writing is superb. So nontraditional that it leaves you hungry for the next one.
Nick Dunne and Amy Elliott were two New York City writers who met, fell in love, and did what most of us do when we first get into a relationship, don't act anything like our real selves. Oh you know you've done it. You live to impress in a new relationship. You become ""cool boy"" or ""cool girl"" - whoever that person wants you to be, you are. Well after a couple years of marriage their true colors started to show and their marriage hit some bumps. They lost their jobs, got a little broke, moved to Nick's hometown in Missouri to take care of his ailing parents, stopped loving each other, etc. On the day of their fifth wedding anniversary (on July FIFTH, ahem that's MY wedding anniversary, creepy) Amy disappears leaving signs of struggle that seem to be a little staged and a husband who has a dirty secret making him look super guilty. And I am SO sorry but I can't say anything else. It will be too spoily and I assure you, will ruin your life. But you have got to read the novel because it is unreal.
Like most people on this site I read a ton. Because of this, I am pretty quick to spot where a plot is going, because it is so difficult to come up with a plot that goes somewhere new. In Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn has created a plot that kept me off balance in a very exciting way. Just when I though I knew where this was going, what the motivations of the characters were or what they planned to do, Flynn decided to choose a different path.In addition to an exciting and unique plot, Flynn also offers some of the smartest writing that I have seen anywhere about relationships between men and women. One character's discussion on pages 222-225 about the Cool Girl is perfectly describes a suspicion that I have had for ages, but was unable to articulate as perfectly as Flynn.I would highly recommend this book to anyone who loves mysteries or who wants to explore the complicated, and sometimes painful, ways in which relationships can function.
This book takes you on a roller coaster ride of emotion and thought! Brilliantly written, brilliantly plotted out and brilliantly captivating!
Loved. Loved. Loved. This book is written very cleverly and the characters perception can not be trusted.  Gone Girl is an excellent thriller.
My book club chose this novel for January.  It's a case of a missing wife with many twists and turns. The cliche, ""page turner"" applies.
Without revealing any spoilers, I thought I had this book all figured out, and that the author was all about making men look like childish jerks and women look like hard-suffering do-no-wrong types.  I told my girlfriend I was disappointed with the book because it had gotten great reviews but wasn't what I was expecting... just a female author trying to tell a story from two perspectives, and of course the woman's perspective was the heroin, and the guy's perspective was a sketchy selfish creep.  Then I realized I was only halfway done with the book (a surprise new to the e-reader experience), the author had spun the first half so cleverly that I had been completely duped, and the story was not at all what it seemed to be.  Well done Gillian Flynn, I consider myself a pretty bright guy, and you had me completely fooled.  From there on, I couldn't put it down.  Other reviewers have complained about the ending, personally I thought the ending was just as dark and clever as the rest of the book.  5 stars!
I'd been looking for a new book, something along the lines of a suspenseful novel. I came across the name Gillian Flynn on my Kindle's shopping list, read a couple reviews. Sure--I'll try this ""Gone Girl"".Wow. From the first page, I was hooked. Writing style, upbeat and nifty (I'm old-school, so ""nifty"" still works for me). Amy is the perfect plotter, the perfect thinker, the perfect conniver and foil for everything, anything you could imagine. I could not put this down. Funny and tense at the same time. Very different, very needle-like, very tingly...what can I say? Now I have to read Flynn's other books. I've recommended this one to a bunch of friends and family. A real zinger.I have one thought: This writer is so knowledgeable, so incisive, so clever and so conniving, how can her husband (after reading Gone Girl) trust her?Gillian, I know I've read just one of your books, and I will read your other two, but please write another character with Amy's power and wit.
This in one amazingly sick and twisted work of art.  Certainly the best psychological thriller I have read in awhile.  It is a murder mystery, sure, but much much more.  It is brilliantly structured and populated with compelling characters -- from the majors to the minors.  Especially the main characters who sweetly creep into your head until you believe you know them intimately and then you don't know who or what you are dealing with -- much like this husband and wife whose understanding of each other is shockingly underestimated.  Love it or hate it, abnormal psychology is fascinating.  And this story explores the subject to a degree that is insidiously hyper normal.  Meaning, this tale of fiction is like a distorted mirror reflecting our voyeuristic and media-crazed culture.  And, in a bizarre way, it could be a metaphor for marriage.And in the end, beware, the love you create may be equal to the love you hate.Todd Crawshaw, author, Exploits of the Satyr
This book was very surprising and a real page turner!  I couldn't stop reading it!  I want to read more from this author!Maryann Hussey
I LOVED this book.  Each chapter surprised me.  I was totally unable to figure out what was coming next. I really cared about the characters.
Generally, I read literary fiction and avoid most books described as thrillers or mysteries.  It's not that I have anything against thrillers/mysteries.  It's just that I usually prefer character-driven fiction, and most thrillers/mysteries are very plot driven and sometimes rely on formulaic characters.  I'm so glad I didn't apply my usual formula and decided to read Gone Girl even though it's described as a thriller.I would describe this novel as a literary thriller.  It's equally character-driven and plot-driven, and neither half of the book suffers.  The plot is filled with unexpected turns, but Gillian Flynn still takes the time to fully develop her characters.  On top of that, Flynn's prose is well-written and tightly constructed and contains an internal momentum that only adds to the novel's tension.  Once I started reading Gone Girl, I couldn't stop.  Now that I'm finished, I can't stop trying to get all my friends to read it so I can discuss the (controversial) ending with them.
Gone Girl offers so much of what I look for in a book - a compelling plot that makes it impossible to stop reading.  I found myself reading on lunch hours, at red lights, and late into the night.  The end of nearly every chapter left me with a strong compulsion to start the next one.  Just when I thought I knew where the book was heading, it took an unexpected turn, up until the very end!What happens when a wife suddenly goes missing on her fifth anniversary from a once-perfect, but now crumbling marriage.  Of course, the husband is a suspect.  The husband is always a suspect and in this case, the husband is also very suspect (the adjective, as in suspicious).In addition to an edge-of-your-seat plot, the book also offered distinct setting and (mostly) realistic characters.Unfortunately, the book took a hard-to-swallow turn toward the end, but unpredictable to the end, this is a book well worth reading!
First off both Nick and Amy were just crazy!  But I have to hand the crazy award over to Amy because she was straight up diabolically clever with her ish.  But hey, I guess when you are out in the middle of No Where, USA with nothing to do all day, one would have nothing better to do than to figure out how to get back at a cheating spouse!  Nick had some nerve not only using her money to start his business but then to start a torrid affair with a young college girl..  Hell, I would have been pissed too!! So he deserved everything she bestowed upon him.. hmph!  He apparently never heard the expression ""love hath no fury like a woman's scorn""... It was an intriguing read but I hated the ending though, it was like oh ok lets put all of THAT behind us and just live happily ever after mind f***g each other.  like WTH!!!!  Needing to know how all this ""crazy"" was spun into a movie I watched immediately and although Ben Affleck was yummy to watch, the movie DID NOT do the book justice...
Gone Girl is a terrific, terrific read, a suspense thriller with great characters and a satisfying (if disturbing) story.  Gillian Flynn is the real deal and deserves all the hype she has gotten.  Nick and Amy Dunne, from the outside and at the outset, seem to have the perfect marriage, but then it all comes crumbling apart, just at the time the US economy starts crumbling.  Interestingly, both characters have gotten their wealth through the publishing industry, but that wealth fades, and the beautiful couple must move from New York City to Missouri.  One morning, Amy disappears under seemingly violent circumstances.  Nick becomes a suspect in her disappearance.  The novel is narrated from two vantage points:  Nick in the present and Amy in the past, leading to present day.  Both may or may not be unreliable narrators, but the story they tell is fiendishly compelling.  Gone Girl is a real page turner; quite a terrific read.  Enjoy!
i absolutely loved this book!!! it was recommended by a friend and it is now my favorite book and I'm so excited for the movie to come out!!
Book is written so well you just can't put it down. Terrific development of the characters the personalities their relationship. A must read
This book had be hooked from beginning to end! I was actually sad because I finished the book and couldn't read it for the first time again!
I like the way the author chose to portray each of the couple lives separately with many surprises.  At times, I couldn't put the book down.
Really enjoyed this book! It turned out differently than I expected and that's always good! The writing is great, and so are the characters.
Quirky, edgy thriller that delivers the crazy. I started this late on Thanksgiving Day and the next thing I knew it was 5:00 in the morning and I was plugging in my tablet so I could finish (doncha love the fabulous Kindle apps for every device? Sure, I have a Kindle PaperWhite that I love yet sometimes I like to read on the tablet). Spect the sequel will star Amy as the sociopathic emerging serial-killer that she is on her way to being. Yes, I thought the last several chapters were hurried, and lacked the depth and polish of the rest of the book--that said, this book is one fantastic wild ride. How does the saying go, ""H-ll hath no fury like  woman scorned?"" (or in this case, h-ll hath no fury like an angry, disenchanted wife). You will not regret reading this book, even if you don't love it as much as I did. Think page-turner, thriller, creepy, weird and edgy (and surprising, up to the point where the author reveals what is happening, and still fascinating after that point). Happy reading~*
First let me begin by saying I am a chick lit reader, so my knowledge on intellectual subjects such as writing and what may or may not constitute as historic and classic literature is about a zero.  Having said that, I do appreciate a well written novel that takes the reader into the depths of the characters souls.  That's what I think Gillian Flynn does with Gone Girl.  You feel so connected to the characters.  You love and hate them at the same time.  I felt so affected by these characters as I was getting more and more into the story, which to me, makes for a well written novel worth reading.As for the story itself, I thought the twist and turns kept the story interesting and made me want to keep reading. I don't want to give too much away, as most people do with reviews, because you shouldn't enter the story with a predisposition towards any part of the book.  What's the fun in that?Anyways - I highly recommend this book if you are looking for a nice, juicy read.
Smart. Psycho. A notch above. Amy is the perfect everything in this story, masterfully constructed. Nick is her amazing foil. A great read.
This is a great read! It is full of twists and turns, it will definitely keep you reading. I have loved all of Gillian Flynn's work. Enjoy!
What a twister!  One of those books where you go back and forth about how you feel about the characters.  A must read if you like suspense!
Your life will be put on hold & you will look forward to Doctors keeping you waiting so that you can get a chance to keep reading this book
This book had more twists and turns than a mountain road.  I don't say this about a lot of books but I couldn't put this one down!
And the surprise is welcome. I loved Sharp Objects, Gillian Flynn's first novel, and Dark Places took me to desperate and dark places indeed. So, I don't know why I waited to read Gone Girl. Maybe it was The Hype. I tend to back away from the obvious, what the crowds love. Don't know why; I just do. I am a huge supporter of first novels. I like discovering new voices. Gone Girl kept pulling at me though and I finally broke down and read it from cover to cover, something that doesn't happen in my reading life. I tend to read twenty books at once, a chapter her and there, and the book that is the most exciting stays in the lead and I finish reading that one first. Gone Girl lives up and surpasses the popularity hype. I loved the structure, the back and forth between the husband and wife through a journal isn't anything new, but it was used to further the complex motivations of the characters. I highly recommend Gone Girl to anyone who enjoys off-center tales, suspense, and dark places.
I was up until 2am finishing this book. Even though I was incredibly tired, I couldn't put it down until I figured out how it ended. In fact, I started reading it the night before we left for our Estes Park vacation and had to force myself to keep it shut until on the way home so I wouldn't ignore my family the whole time we were away. Once it was open again, I was completely absorbed in the twists and turns of this story.Updated to add - one of the things I think really appealed to me about this story is that it was set in Carthage, MO area, which is close to where I grew up. I was very familiar with the setting and the characters being referred to throughout the book.I don't want to give anything away, but Gone Girl is a story about marriage, relationships and revenge with a whole lot of crazy thrown in. It's a thrilling, twisted, insanely good read. I felt like the ending could have given a bit more closure, but other than that, loved it. I gave it 5 Stars.
This book was crazy, from beginning to end. You really want to believe what each character is telling you. You become incredibly invested.
Fast read because you just can't put this book down. I recommend it.Shocking!I like the author's style, kept me very curious .
Very good book. I couldn't put this book down at all. Very interesting the way the end ended. Looking forward to the author's other books.
Gone Girl is a very well written novel with a novel approach to dealing with the juxtaposed characters. Excellent plot and well researched
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL is an amazing read!  The two main characters, Nick and Amy, alternate POV chapters, which puts the reader deep inside each of their heads as the story unfolds.Nick and Amy wake up and start their 5th anniversary over crepes, and that's pretty much when their 'normal' life ends.  Nick gets a call from a concerned neighbor that afternoon, then rushes home to find signs of a struggle and his wife missing.This story is written with so many plot twists and zingers, it was hard to put the book down. The characters, like real people, are flawed, a few more so than others. As the investigation gets underway, and as Nick follows his wife's notes for their anniversary 'treasure hunt', their less than perfect marriage is revealed, complete with infidelities and financial problems.So....what happened to Amy? Why? Who is responsible???  You HAVE GOT TO READ THIS BOOK to find out! The author is even more amazing than AMAZING AMY.
One of the best books I've read in a long time, a page turner from beginning to end.  I am anxious to see if the movie is as compelling .
What a great book.  What a fantastic payoff.  I can only hope that the movie will be half as good as the experience of reading this book!
I couldn't put this book down. ""Gone Girl"" is perfectly suspenseful and completely satisfying. Both intelligent and easy to read.
Awesome read highly recommend. Keeps you guessing with every chapter. This was my first of Gillian Flynn books but plan to read them all.
Can't wait for the second one! There has to be a follow up! The movie comes out soon and I'm very interested to see how that was written.
Is it just me or is this book genius? I've read Gillian Flynn's two other books and this one had a completely different vibe than them. At first it's a game of loving husband and wife, but as the story unfolds you see a world of lies created. I'll say, it wasn't until about halfway through the book when I started to perk up and really wonder about what was going on, but I think that's the point of the book. Flynn was able to completely take me along for the ride. She really makes you choose teams between husband and wife, and then she reveals bits and pieces little by little. I am just amazed at the complexity of this book and her characters.And for those complaining about the ending (and without spoiling it), in my opinion, it was the only plausible ending I could see, considering all that had happened.So I think overall, this is a great book that keeps you thinking. I've officially turned into a fan of Flynn's and am anxiously awaiting another story from her.
I resisted reading this book, purely because it was so incredibly popular. I didn't have high expectations of it. But a friend of mine encouraged me to pick it up, and I am so glad I did. I couldn't put it down. I raced through it, and enjoyed every minute of it.Gone Girl is primarily about marriage, and the way men and women communicate before and after marrying. It is told from the perspectives of both the husband, Nick, and the wife, Amy. The first third of the book brought up a lot of emotion for me, because the character development was so true and reminded me of some of my past relationships. The second third is where the story begins to twist, and nothing is sure. And in the last third, the story simply snowballs into a spectacular and suspenseful tale. I don't want to give details that will spoil the mystery for readers, but just know that you will be riveted.This was a terrific summer read, and I highly recommend it to men and women alike.
Strap in, put your head back, relax and admire the climb up to the initial view of the honey soaked lives of newly married New York City it girl and hunky mid-western boy.  But get ready, hold onto your stomach and brace yourself for a dizzying crazy plunge down with Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl.First you cheer for wife Amy, ""fat with love"" for her new husband, removed from her job, her brownstone in the city, her childhood inheritance and relocated to a small Missouri town.  Then loopback, rooting for Scotch soaked Nick, cheating husband, worn down from Amy's insatiable need for worship and admiration.Accelerating through the turns of a marriage spiraling out of control; deception, scorn, adultery, resentment, cunning revenge, and eventually murder.  Ending after the final tunnel, ruined careers, scattered bodies, and an unexpected pregnancy. The mystery stops, eerily returning the readers and Amy and Nick to a similar spot from which the ride began.
Don't read reviews, just buy the book and dive in. There's just too much in this novel that could be ruined, and what a loss that would be for the reader. So I won't even allude to any twists, I will simply recommend this book and give it 5 stars bc I can't give it 10.This was my first Gillian Flynn novel (her 3rd), so I immediately read her other two. While they were all wonderful, Gone Girl is definitely her masterpiece. In GG, her writing ability caught up with her devilishly clever ideas. Her second novel ""Dark Places"" is built around a genius idea (the ""kill club"" element), but doesn't quite have the tight pacing of Gone Girl, which is flawless.Now that I've finished all of her books, I'm not sure what to read next! It's always hard to follow a great book. I'll spend the first few chapters of whatever I read next feeling annoyed that Gone Girl is all gone (,girl!).Until the movie, that is. GF is writing the screenplay as I write this review. Fun!!!
One of the best thrillers ever. It is only once every few years when one comes across a potboiler tale so well written, complete and continuously surprising.Unlike the normal crime stories, the book builds slowly; and this is another positive. As the suspense builds to a potential climax with the remaining half of the book looking like turning in to something totally run of the mill, the unexpected erupts to change the landscape. As the reader fears again surge towards an expected retribution tale with a quarter of the book remaining, the book continues to take unexpected turns towards an unexpected end.Apart from the clever story and foxing the readers again and again, the author must be commended for keeping it real, credible, tight and constantly flowing. If it was not a regular crime story, the book could have been in contention for many serious awards too. The author might not be unhappy with all the book and potential movie revenues though.
Even grouchy old white guys like your humble reviewer relished the many delights to be found in Gillian Flynn's runaway bestseller and A list movie with Ben Affleck! If only Miss Flynn had lived at the same time of Alfred Hitchcock the famous suspense  genius and the young female author could have made quite a team.  the Plot concerns the disappearance of a brilliant, orderly and obsessive young woman named Amy. The event takes place on she and her husband Nick's fifth wedding anniversary. The couple had left their swanky New York milieu for the wilds of New Carthage Missouri in order for Nick to care for his ailing parents. Did Nick kill Amy? Is Amy really alive seeking to torture Nick? The plot has as many twists and turns as the labyrinth of Greek mythology. Nick and Amy are both well educated magazine writers. Flynn is adept at dropping allusions to popular culture. The book is much better than I thought it would be.  Read it and you will become a Flynn fan.
A friend of mine said this book was a ""page turner"" and she was so right.  I was spending alot of time at the hospital after my significant other was in a serious car accident and I needed a book that would catch my interest from the start. I loved the convenience of quickly downloading the book to my Kindle and I was hooked from page one.  You'll love the twists the author incorporates throughout the book and how she intertwines humor with suspense.  I guarantee you won't be disappointed.  As soon as I finished ""Gone Girl"", I quickly downloaded another book by the same author, Gillian Flynn.  I love her style of writing.  I can't tell you how many books I've started to read and lost interest...but I couldn't wait to get back to reading this book to see what would happen next.  Part of me actually didn't want to finish it because I didn't want it to end.  I felt like I knew the characters because they were so well developed.  Read it for yourself and see if you agree.
Gillian Flynn writes an amazing book on the struggle between the life of a husband and his psychotic wife. On the day of their five year anniversary Amy, the wife, fakes her disappearance and attempts to frame her own husband for the murder. She is sneaky in the way that he would have lots of motive to kill her because of money. However, this is not the case, even though they are facing hardships in their relationship, Nick would never do such an act. When he finally realizes that his wife is in fact crazy, it is too late and he is unable to get out of the relationship. The book was filled with lots of thrill. It constantly threw different twist into the plot to keep the reader entertained. I would recommend this book to anyone, but more specifically the young adult. It is too inappropriate for the young reader and would make any of your grandparents’ ears fold over. That does not mean though that it is not just the perfect amount of drama, excitement, and curiosity.
Wow! These two characters are exactly that, crazy! It's no wonder the dude cracks up because she is a crazy woman!! Couldn't put it down
There are so many plot twists and turns that you will feel like you are spinning! Very well written. I would highly recommend this book!
I am so confused.  I loved it, I hated it, it was BRILLIANT with a capital B and disappointing {lowercase d}.  This author does magic with words.  The story line is bleak, and yet-as the reader you enjoy every bit, it is FUN, it is witty. Witty is the best adjective for the book.  So, why hate it a tad?  Because it's pathetic, dark, psychotic.  The ending leaves you a little empty- you wanted a smooth, big pink bow and the whole thing wrapped up tidily.  At the same time you know- there could not have been another ending, really.  You didn't like it, but that's how it is.  The twists, the ""I like her, oh wait! I hate her...okay maybe I like her again..."" was all leading up to a big bowl of hollowness. Brilliant, engaging, someofthebestmostinterestingwritingever. Seriously, the author is phenomenal. The first 2/3 of the book- 5 gigantic stars.  the last 1/3-  2 stars{but a valid ending...I'm just a whiney romantic}.  warning- there is some especially crude language.
I cheat when I read mysteries; I can't lie. I'm one of those ""reads the last page"" readers - which is tough in an age of digital books.  So I read reviews and looked up spoilers (of which there weren't any tell-alls that I found), but I knew that LOTS of people really hated the ending of this book.I was prepared for that.When I got to the end, I understood why people hated the ending, but I wasn't one of them, actually. I thought both characters are pretty are awful people, and I don't care for them AT ALL, but I really liked how Flynn worked it all in and pulled together an ending I didn't anticipate. I'm still thinking about it, which, for me, is a marker of a great book - when the characters stay with you for days/ weeks after you've read it, teasing apart the strands of the story to investigate the deeper underlying themes. For that reason, I gotta give it five stars: I'm still unravelling themes and motifs and realities from Gone Girl.
Amy and Nick's 5the wedding anniversary is now, and all seems happy and well that morning, until Nick comes back home after a neighbor's phone call claiming the front door is open and their cat is setting on the front steps. Nick finds the house in shambles, and signs of a struggle. He calls the police and his nightmare begins. Amy is the ""Amazing Amy"" from the books her parents have written, and Nick is the ""boy-next-door"" perfect husband. How could anyone accuse Nick of even hurting his wife? The book goes back and forth with each characters perspective. Two psychotic people in a controlled and manipulated marriage brings a creepy, bizarre, terrifying and page turner book. This is the most brilliant piece of work I have read yet this year. It will no doubt be my favorite 2013 read. I can't wait to read more of her work. Adult situations and language. What an amazing book to read. I just couldn't put it down and get it out of my head for days. 100 stars for me.
Fascinating characters and many turns and twists in this riveting book.  This author deserves kudos for such an original plot.
What a total mind game...  It kept me coming back for more though!  Disturbing and brilliant.  I honestly could not put this book down.
Held me from the first page. Great character sketches. Plot development is thick and windy and unraveled well. In Amy's word, brillant!
This well written novel is hard to put down, as it keeps your interest with new twists.  A chilling story of a darker side of intrigue.
great story teller, very literate writing style, and a virtuoso at plot and character development. I recommend this book for any reader
This book has so many twists and turns you cant put it down but have to just to catch your breath, its sick and twisted and intriguing!
Fascinating, thrilling--a great book!  I could not stop reading.  Amy will keep you on the edge of your seat--and maybe awake at night.
This complicated mystery was super and kept me reading until the end.  The chapters are very short and written from the point of view of the two major characters, with chapter titles of simply ""Nick"" or ""Amy"".  Some of the book is presented in diary form.  The story is very complex.  Hard to believe that anyone would have the skill and persistence to carry out a plot to ruin a spouse in such a wide variety of strange ways.  I don't have time to read at length, so I kept it handy and read a few chapters quickly when I got a short window of time.  The only thing that disappointed me is the ending, but I believe that it is designed like a season's closing of a soap opera or sitcom, creating a jumping-off point if a sequel is in the future. This novel was recommended by a friend for a book club selection, and it certainly did not disappoint.  It generated positive responses from every member.  I would definitely read other novels by Gillian Flynn.
Gone Girl is the story of a missing woman, and the (suspicious) husband who doesn’t seem to be overly concerned … or is it?  Just as I believed I had unraveled the mystery and arrived at a conclusion, the author shifted the point of view midway through the book, completely changing my perception of the main characters and my previous assumptions.  The novel picked up speed, hurtling toward an ending that is abupt, and at first, I was disappointed and felt as if the author had abandoned the story.  However, when I realized that Flynn’s characters weren’t going to be changed for the better and that my sense of justice might not prevail, I could appreciate the author’s intent—to tell a story that kept me guessing, turning pages furiously, all the while suppressing the desire to peek at the ending.  Flynn writes with an amazing attention to detail, providing an endlessly twisting plot and characters that are so flawed the reader cannot help but react to them.
This book is cleverly written. Its rare that a book keeps my interest all the way, Gone Girl did!!  Definitely a page-turner!
Everyone should read this book.  It MAY be about a situation that affects one particular guy (in the book) but its really about how PEOPLE actually can live this way IN REAL LIFE.  I have a sister who does this kind of stuff ALL THE TIME and NO ONE believes me when I tell them!  She can plan something YEARS in advance and WHO is ever going to know?  First, NO ONE CARES but the persons who are affected and THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW they've been manipulated and/or lied to.  So, read this book and be aware of those around you who do this sort of thing...I don't know that my sister is capable of doing some of the things the ""gone girl"" did (like murder, though she did stab me with a pencil when we were very young - I still carry the point of the pencil in my hand where I put my hand up to ward off the strike), but some of the things my sister did (and continues to do as we speak) are sinister and plain evil.  Still waiting for KARMA to even things out...
Real page turner. Deliciously darkly written. Very complex characters that make you feel it is all right just to be human and mess up.
Definitely worth reading. The twists and turns were great. I couldn't put this down and can't wait to compare the book with the movie.
I am so gad I never met an Amazing Amy!This book had so many twist and turns.Great Book....off to see the movie now.
Great read - really enjoyed the twists and turns.  Very clever - will probably read her other books now that I liked this one so much.
Kept me page-turning! I couldn't wait to see what Amy thought of next! Gilligan Flynn really knows how to fake a murder/disappearance.
What a wild ride. Well written, great characters, keeps you flipping the pages. The ending was not expected. Can't wait for the movie.
So many twists and turns I could hardly keep up.....kept me on my seat. Made me think about the real definition of unconditional love.
I had such conflicting emotions and loyalties reading this book. I am trying to figure out the best way to word this review without giving anything away. I loved the mystery and the way the author had you think. You knew what was going on, only to find out you didn't. This book really makes you think. Yes I know I'm repeating myself.It's not a beach read where you can set the book aside, go splash around in the ocean and then pick it back up. You want to finish it, now. I almost gave this a four star because of the ending. Then I thought no, when I really thought about the two characters and the history of their personalities and conflict, the author really couldn't end it any other way. Or either Amy or Nick would have been out of character. I know that doesn't make sense, and maybe after you read it, it still won't. But for me, though I was disappointed in the ending, I loved this book and it really couldn't end the way I wanted it to.
Gone Girl deservers every bit of praise I am about to bestow on it. As an English teacher, I am always looking for a good book (one I cannot put down) that can also stand on its own in a literary sense. I had begun to grow used to sacrificing quality for thrill (think The Di Vinci Code or anything Steve Barry), but with Gone Girl, this is just not the case. Flynn weaves an enthralling story of betrayal and deception, with literary elements to rival some of the best. I would find myself taking pause to think about how this author had twisted my stomach in such knots, feverishly flipping pages on my Kindle. Steer clear if you need a good night's sleep or you want to continue to view your spouse in the same way (I have to admit, I drilled my husband a few times and after reading you will understand why). Gone Girl does contain some ""colorful"" language and I would not recommend it to the faint of heart. Nicholas Sparks fans detour away from Gone Girl.
Bought this book because of the hype it was getting and found a great deal online. I must say the hype is warranted, loved this book.
I loved this book.  My cousin recommended I read it, and I am glad I did.  It was hard to put down.  With that ending, what's next???
Gone Girl is the best book I've read in years.  It's a definite page-turner thriller that maintains the intensity until the very end.
Completely speechless. This book is INCREDIBLE. Couldn't put it down for three days! Flynn is an amazingly talented author. Loved it!
Just could not put it down literally. Enjoyed every twist and turn and can't wait to see what's next for these two crazy crazy humans
This book will haunt you, especially if you are married or have ever dated someone and found out that you never really knew them.....
I had saw this book at my local bookstore, but never picked it up. I finally decided to take the plunge and bought it last Saturday. I have just a few pages left to read and it kills me that I can't stay home from work and finish it! This book is amazing! I can't believe how everything twisted so much from the beginning of the book until you get near the end. You think one thing about Nick and Amy and then WHAM! You're blindsiding and you think, ""What just happened?"" Gillian Flynn has a wonderful writing ability to keep you engrossed in the story all the way. It started off a bit slow, but actually hearing a married couples seperate feelings for each other makes you really think who you married and who you are planning to marry. This book shows that anyone can hide secrets and keep them from they're spouse or lover. This book is a tour de force of writing. I picked up her 2nd book also and plan to start it as soon as I finish this one. I love it!
I'm surprised to see so many complaints about this book's ending. Did you expect a neat, tied-in-a-bow ending? Did you expect to be satisfied? I can almost hear Amy and Nick laughing at you.As this novel progresses, you'll feel manipulated, deceived, betrayed... Isn't that what an unraveling marriage does to a person? Instead of just telling about it, Gillian Flynn decides to take you along. Ms. Flynn remains true to the end, leaving you flipping back and forth between the last page and the acknowledgements, your brows knit, asking, ""Really? That's the ending?""No, you won't feel good when this novel ends. You won't feel satisfied or justified. You'll feel like a thorn has been inserted just beneath the surface of your skin: it won't really hurt, but it will itch and burn, and you'll feel it. And think about it.I love that I hated the book. Ms. Flynn wanted to provoke, to needle; and she does it brilliantly.
after a disappointing few novels along comes Gone Girl.  couldn't believe the twists this story took you through. highly recommended
This was a wonderful story.  If you like mystery, suspense, and a look into peoples narcissistic behaviors then this is a MUST read!
Amazingly well as written!! Enjoyed it to the end! She writes so conversationally and so smart. Keeps you in the story at all times.
I really liked this book, took a while to adjust to the rotating chapters, but overall great. Scary to think it could really happen!
Amazing read- could not put it down.  The author is a brilliant writer!  The suspense, twists and turns were creative and well done.
Now I hear it is being filmed.  The movie would be GREATTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!! If it sticks to the book.  I will definitely see the film
I couldn't put this book down. It was captivating until the very end, with twists and turns throughout the entire book. A must read!
This book has many twists and turns that continually surprise you all the way through.  Excellent read! Now I want to see the movie.
What a great read! Couldn't put it down! This is a book that I will read over again , just to make sure that I didn't miss anything!
This story was thrilling. I don't want to say too much about it. David Fincher is directing the movie version. Can't wait to see it.
Really enjoyed this one.  Great read, great pacing, loved the tension as i was reading.  Definitely glad to add it to my collection.
Let it be clear: there's a reason David Fincher became attached to the film adaptation of this book. The man isn't exactly known for films with lovable characters and heartwarming endings...This book is a contemporary classic, with all the requisite intrigue and page-turning suspense of a modern-day thriller, but character depth and literary skill attributed to masters of the craft. Well-drawn, morally ambiguous characters, and excellent twists and reversals (which may not all be completely unexpected, but are nonetheless effective) draw you deeper and deeper into the world of greys Flynn has created.This isn't the type of story that will appeal to everyone, though. There are no heroes here, no plucky underdogs to root for, and no easy resolutions. If you don't care for ambivalence like this, you may want to stay away. For others, this is an experience that will stay with you days after reading. Not to be missed.
Book better than the movie, but the movie was not bad.  Read the book first and you will enjoy the movie better.  I am surprised how much I liked this book.  It is a dark book but it works and kept me interested and curious.  I liked that both characters are flawed and I was not sure what is going on until deep into the book.  I thought the book to be well written. The author is very good and painting a scene with out the boring details.  At one point she describes children following their mother through the crowd like kites.  This has hardly anything to do with the story, but the images it brings to mind worked for me, enough that I still remember it.  I know that the author was not the first one to compare children to kites, that was not the point.  The book was well done, complex enough to interest, but not so technical that it confusticates the reader, in this case me.  I am definitely going to read more of Gillian Flynn's novels.
I enjoyed reading this book.  I don't need to summarize the book for you, other reviewers have already done that.  What I can say, is you will enjoy this book and will appreciate the superb writing of Ms. Flynn.  The book takes you from present day Missouri to when the characters meet in New York and why they were in Missouri on that day of their fifth wedding anniversary  when Amy disappeared,  When a writer grabs you and holds you to the very last page and you completely relate to the characters, I consider that to be a good book.I admired the character Amy (Nick's wife).  I really did.  Ms. Flynn made her so very good at being bad, the admiration for her character is expected.  Nick, her husband was trying too hard to be liked, he could not live his life, while Amy was observant and smart and devious.  Would not want to spoil the book if you have not yet read it, but this is one of the best books I have read in a while.
having read raving reviews about this novel I decided to buy it for my Kindle. I was at first hesitant since so MANY people wrote negatively about the ending. However, I was NOT disappointed in the book! It is cleverly written and has a great story line. It contains so many observation about men and women; those felt like extra side notes to the main plot. It reads very well and keeps you interested enough by revealing the plot in small doses so you don't feel like you need to skip to the ending while, in the process of skipping, missing all the small twists and turns, and entertaining observations, along the way.As for the ending - i thought it was fitting even though not explosive finale. That's how people are and most things in life end in an ordinary (as opposed to Hollywood-like) fashion. Although, i would not call the ending ordinary. It was a weird resolution to which many people would not agree (had it happened to them).
I kept changing my mind about who is telling the truth. Mysteries are my favorite. I couldn't put this book down.Loved it!!!!
I was riveted to this book.  While the end left me unsettled, it made perfect sense.  Be ready for a mix of emotions the whole way!
This book keeps you guessing. Did not like the ending. Can't wait for the movie. Ben will be great in it. Read it in one day.
Very slow at the beginning and I hated both characters throughout, but the payoff was so satisfying, it made up for the slow start.
Best book I've read in years.  The characters, plot, twists, and turns are engaging and they pulled me in. I could not put it down.
Loved the way the story unfolded. Very detailed accounts. Definitely would recommend.  It was hard to tell what you should believe.
Wow!! Even better than I had expected.  Lots of twists and turns. I hated for it to end. I'm recommending it to everyone I talk to.
This was such a great book, i strong recommend this for everyone to read. Kept my heart racing until the very end. I literally spent my entire day off reading this book from start to finish. Took me one day and by the time I was finished I was actually mad at myself for not allowing myself to read it in portions because now that its finished I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO ANYMORE. Im trying to find another book similar to this one to grasp my attention the same so if anyone can recommend one please let me know.BOTTOM LINE- MUST READ!Oh, and to attach along to itI see quite a bit of people were complaining about the way the story ended. They stated that they didnt like it and expected more of it. I, personally love the way the story ended. It gives more meaning and more depth to everything that went on and actually makes you take a better at the characters. Couldnt have ended more perfectly in my eyes. LOVED IT.
You never know what is coming, what new twist the author has waiting for you. It's a bit weird/twisted but definitely recommended!
i loved this book. Makes you look at missing women stories somewhat differently. I could not put this book down. It was that good.
Love the ""he said"", ""she said""  back and forth!  Had to find out what happened.  This will be an incredible movie!
I enjoyed this book but was not thrilled with the ending however was a very interesting book and I couldnt wait to get to the end.
This is a great book !Couldn't put it down. Such an intense journey with the characters. I can't wait to read all her novels
Very well written insight into some seriously mentally I'll people!  I enjoyed it, it surpised me several times. Highly recommend.
I would highly recommend this book for anybody who likes reading thrillers. I look forward to reading more books by Gillian Flynn.
What do women really want from men?What do men really want from women?Gillian Flynn frames her multi-layered mystery thriller, GONE GIRL, around these fundamental questions. The premise is that what we believe will affect our relationships --- and ultimately our individual identities.The architectural plotting of this noir novel, with its curves, carvings, and fine detail will satisfy readers who love a fast-paced storyline. Flynn offers us far more. Even though the generous use of clipped sentences speed you, slow down to more fully appreciate the complex characterizations and literary devices, the integration of back story to build suspense, the oh-so-visual descriptions of the numerous settings, and the garden maze of truth and lies. Such a rich read!Best sellers rarely make my reading list. Serendipity brought me a used copy. All I can say to summarize is: Thank you Gillian Flynn!
I'm giving this book 5 * based on it's ability to keep me distracted during the train journey from hell. I bought the book at a station, little suspecting I would need it to sustain me during a journey that should have taken 50 minutes but ended up taking 6 hours.This book is a page turner. It's difficult to write a review without spoilers but needless to say I had my own idea about Amy's disappearance (which turned out to be wrong).What I really liked was that both lead characters were so deeply flawed that they turned out deserving one another - no mean feat for a writer. I wouldn't like either Amy or Nick in real life, but could totally see how they would take people in and deceive them. That one character was played by the other only heightened their basic emotional dishonesty and made one seem worse than the other, rather than one a victim and one the aggressor.A clever book that is a great distraction.
I was impressed every minute I was reading this book and enjoyed almost all of it: I was pretty uncomfortable throughout the last chapters, but that's another compliment: that a book can create a response so powerful in me.I think it was an incredible book, even though the actual story was INSANE!  The way the themes of the book wove in and out of the social landscape of our decade was masterful: Job Loss, a ghost town created by the 2008 economy crash, the way the media exploits these types of stories.  There is just so much there that tells the ""American Story"" of today.  I couldn't be more impressed. The commentary on relationships today was scarily insightful; not the main relationship, of course, which was what I would call 'something else', but the courting process and how we draw each other in was apt.I recommend this book to anyone with a strong stomach for raw emotion and explicit language and situations.
This is one of those rare occurrences in which the hype is justified. While I’m not a regular reader of novels in the suspense/thriller genre, I decided to give this one a try after hearing about the mind-bending plot twist, and wanting to be in the know before the film version is released next year.And ‘Gone Girl’ surpassed my expectations. Gillian Flynn’s prose is easy-to-read yet smart and witty. In the beginning, I thought the chapters corresponding to Amy’s PoV were a little pretentious and clunky. Thankfully, you realize midway through the novel that this was done on purpose (no spoilers).I know a lot of people were upset with the ending but I thought it was perfect. I read that Gillian Flynn was influenced by “Rosemary’s Baby” in the writing of this novel and this is most evident in the ambivalent ending, which like real life, shows that one may never really rid themselves of our lives’ demons.
Book #41 Read in 2013Gone Girl by Gillian FlynnI do not think I have ever read a book that had as main characters such unlikable people as this book did; Nick and Amy are nasty.  That being said, this book was like a train wreck and I could not look away; I had to keep reading to find out what happened.  On their fifth wedding anniversary, Amy goes missing.  Shortly thereafter, the police and the media are looking at Nick as the person who made Amy disappear.  He had cheated on her, emotionally withdrawn from her and, according to Amy's found diary, physically abused her at times.  But did Nick really kill her?This book had tons of twists and turns to keep readers engaged.  I was rooting for both Nick and Amy to get their just desserts.  This was a good mystery and I recommend it.  It seems to be one of those books that people either love or hate; I was more on the love side.[...]
Read the book without seeing the movie. Intriguing and well written. A bit spooky too! The weird depths of the human personality.
I Loved the twists and turns this book has.  I found myself thinking about it all the time. Can't wait for the movie to come out.
This is one of the best reads I have ever come across. The story is told in a novel way and contains unbelievably complex twists.
This was a good book. Hard to put down. Not sure I would not have preferred a different ending but that's just my personal taste.
I loved all the twists and turns and unknowns. Kept me turning pages. Anyone who has been married can relate to these characters.
I purchased this on my way to the train station in Chicago, en route to Kansas City....while on the train, i started reading. When I got home, I exchanged chit chat, dinner with my wife and two children, and then made my way to my chair and picked up the book again (around 10 p.m.). At 2.30 a.m., I finally put it down and agreed with no one else who was awake, that it was easily the best genre book I had read all year. Nick and Amy are married five years and they, like so many couples, are still finding their way. Unfortunately, for Nick, he lacks self-awareness and Amy, well, she does not lack awareness of any kind. And so what unfolds is not unlike Jennifer Egan's A Visit from the Goon Squad in memorable, textured, and compelling characters who are set up to collide (not intersect or relate, no these people crash in to each other) and scar one another (not change, scar)....Am a huge convert to Gillian Flynn's work.
Gone Girl was one of the best books I've read in a long time. I'm an impatient reader - I need a fast-paced plot that draws me in immediately in order to fully commit to a novel, and that's what I got with Gone Girl. The story is told in alternating points of view, from the perspectives of Nick (husband and prime suspect) and the diary of Amy (the woman who's gone missing). Each character is richly developed with deliciously dark humor woven into the narrative. The author keeps the reader wondering, and the constant, unpredictable twists in the plot were what kept me turning pages in the middle of the night.I have to agree with other reviewers on the only negative of this novel - the ending was indeed a disappointment. Up until the final two pages of this 400+ page novel, I was fully invested in the story and needed to know the outcome. Apart from this minor let-down, Gone Girl is deserving of five stars.
Don't see the movie if you are going to read the book. The movie is a real spoiler for the book.Gone Girl is structured as alternating chapters. A chapter in the voice of Nick Dunne, as he tries to avoid becoming the prime suspect in the disappearance of his wife Amy, and an excerpt from Amy's diary. They both acknowledge the difficulties that their marriage is going through, but Nick looks worse as the facts are revealed, and Amy is a sweet girl who wishes her husband would understand her.I've probably said too much already. The book has many cute turns of phrase that make the characters seem clever and sympathetic. Then the tension develops, the surprises come along, and the book becomes more of a page-turner.The resolution of the whodunit is sort of frustrating. It is not a clear ""good guys win"" outcome. But that is definitely one the most unique aspects of this book.
I fully expected to hate this book. I often find super-popular, over-hyped books disappointing, or even not worth finishing. Popular fiction and thrillers usually aren't my thing. But oh my gosh, there is nothing excessive about the hype for this book.So it's a thriller, but smart too, something along the lines of In the Woods, but even more suspenseful and with less police procedural. It's all twists and turns and mind games, keeping me engaged but shedding light onto the human condition, which is what I like about literary fiction, my favorite genre. (view spoiler)I waited behind 65 people to get this electronically from the library, and it was worth the wait. I read it feverishly last night and throughout the day today. Easily one of the best books I've read this year, maybe ever. But I don't think I'll be able to wait for months before moving on to Dark Places...book store, here I come.
Kept me interested until the very end. The characters were intriguing; I've never seen two more self-involved, messed up people!
Absolutely intriguing!  I started reading Gone Girl on a Sunday morning and I finished it that evening.  I couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put this book down! Great from start to finish. Never knew what the next twist would be which makes a good book for me.
Beautiful, twisted, incomparable book. Probably my favorite to this date. The storyline is fresh and the twists are surprising.
Great mystery, well written, very good psychological thriller with surprising twists and turns.  Gillian Flynn's best work yet!
Enjoyed this and never saw it coming!  Good book to escape reality for awhile...would read more of her books based on this one.
Loved this book, just when you think you know where it's going it surprises you. Lots of twists and turns. Couldn't put it down
Loved this book! Easy read and lots of twists! Entertaining presentation from both sides, the accused husband and missing wife.
This book is a real page turner, it is dark and mind boggling. The author really captivated the true essence of what we call a “toxic relationship” like the relationship of amy and nick. Love is really a powerful feeling that can drive us through great lengths, it can make us do crazy, stupid and even dangerous stunts just to make a relationship work. This book has all the elements that can make us think who the bad guy really is in the story. Great story plot and the way the author portray the characters. It is not a one sided book wherein there’s only one narrator which can be a real drag at times. When I finished this book it left me with my mouth open and i said “what the heck was that” lol. If you’re into dark, challenging, mysterious reads, you will like this book. Cant wait to watch this on the big screen on October 3. This a definitely must read, I had fun reading this book, two thumbs up for me.
This is a wonderfully twisted novel and Gillian Flynn deserves every accolade she has received for it.  So much has been written and reviewed about it that nothing more need be said, so I will list my only two ""complaints"" about the book.1.  It is a bit over-written.  It felt at times that Flynn as trying to impress the reader with her voluminous knowledge of American culture.  There are so many references to current pop culture icons, as well as occasional sly references to things only New York writers know or care about, that it became distracting.2.  I am astonished that everyone who talks about the book -- even Flynn herself -- frames Nick and Amy as ""the couple from Hell"" or the relationship as just mindbogglingly ""dysfunctional"" and that I have yet to hear one person peg Amy for what she truly is (or at least comes off as on the page):  a sociopath.
I actually re read the last page and last chapter because I was shocked and surprised at that's where the story ended. Creepy.
Thought the book was written very well. I especially loved the split sequencing of the main characters!! Could not put it down
It is absolutely engaging. The book only gets better as the story progresses. Its a creative take on the storytelling process.
Couldn't put it down!!!  Started reading b/c I heard about the movie...then it was nothing else but finish it!!!  Excellent!!!
Countless twists and turns!!! One of the best books I've read this year. Will definitely be reading more books by this author.
This kept my attention all the way through. I would recommend this as a good read. Look forward to other books by this author.
This book will suck you in. It is timed to perfection. Just when you think you can relax it brings your heartbeat racing back.
An amazing quick read. Written very well. Loved that it kept you challenged and guessing what would happen until the very end.
Once a novel is adapted to film people run out to find the source material. I try not to be that guy but in this case I was. And I'm a better reader for it.I actually purchased the prose a week before the film was released on bluray. I had heard nothing but good things about the film and I wanted to read the book before watching the movie. It was a great choice. It gave so many layers to the story that didn't make it into the film and explained the mindset in ways that made you empathize with the players more.It's one of the best novels I've ever read. I'm the kind of guy who likes prose to have layers. To be a quick, easy read on the surface but to have more to if you really think about what's occuring. I like to feel like the writer has the protagonist speaking directly to the audience. The writer has accomplished this in spades. I can't wait to read more of her stuff!
Where do I even start with this book? I love Gillian Flynn's writing. I picked up Sharp Objects at first, and then Dark Places. I was hesitant to read Gone Girl, just because there was a movie coming out and I wasn't sure if it was my cup of tea. Boy, was I wrong. After reading the story of Nick and Amy, I was left slack-jawed and unsure what the hell had just happened. To make a potentially long review, short, Flynn creates dynamic characters that you love to hate, and hate to love. The more you learn about each party, the more you find yourself wondering who's side you're on. Who is right and who is wrong? Amy and Nick are dynamic and human. They are people you run into but don't know the depths of who they are. These are people who we know on a first name basis, but never question their motives. Bravo, Ms. Flynn. It's not often that I wan't to throw a book but keep reading at the same time.
A fabulous thriller that keeps you on your toes. So many twists and turns, I couldn't put this one down! Yes, it's that good.
While I had a hard time getting into this, WOW it certainly was worth the read.  I know why they are making it into a move...
Excellent...now onto The Fault in Our Stars....this is a great summer read. I will read her others . Art says they are great.
Loved this book!! Totally unexpected twists! The ending isn't anything what you would expect! Couldn't put book down so good!
Gillian Flynn is a true genius. Filled with heart-pounding twists and turns, her masterpiece Gone Girl never ceases to disappoint. Utilizing a dueling narrative structure between Lance ""Nick"" Dunne and his missing wife Amy, Flynn successfully creates two entirely engrossing characters. Each tells their version of events with such a lively tone that even when dealing with such dark subject matter, I still found myself chuckling several times throughout.This is a true examination of the human psyche, delving into some of the darkest parts of the mind and exploring how love can quickly turn from pure and innocent to unclean and dangerous. Every move made by her characters has been meticulously researched. Flynn's novel is one worth reading multiple times so as to truly understand each character even more.I highly recommend this. Read this before seeing the movie.
Gone Girl is the story of Nick and Amy, a highly dysfunctional New York City couple who relocate to Nick's hometown in Missouri to care for his ailing parents.  Nick comes home one day to their ""mcmansion on the river"" to find his living room in a shambles and his wife gone.  The story is told through the alternating perspectives of Nick and Amy, going all the way back to the time they met up to present day.  I became a Gillian Flynn fan after reading Sharp Objects, and Gone Girl did not disappoint.  After reading these two books, I'm going to start calling her the Queen of F***ed Up Characters.  Her writing is crisp, clean and vivid, some of her prose reading like poetry.  After getting to know the characters through their history, the ending did not surprise me, but it also did not disappoint.  My recommendation would be to sit back and enjoy the ride and thank God for your own normalcy.
This novel was a book club selection and I purchased it knowing only that a wife was missing and her husband was the prime suspect in her likely death.  This was also my first experience reading Gillian Flynn.  What a wonderful, but disturbing ride!  I couldn't put it down!  And, I would definitely recommend it. I really enjoyed how the story unfolded and the pace she kept as she alternated the narration between husband and wife and provided readers with an understanding of both perspectives!  When we do hold our discussion, I think there are many areas to explore.  My short list includes:  (1) What are the values that this couple holds dear?  And, how do those values affect how the author chose to end her story?  Some aspects were extreme enough to WANT to discuss further, but one can simply enjoy it for the pure entertainment value of a good mystery!  I plan to read her other two novels.
BLUF: Great story with a poor ending.The premise of this book is pretty simple. Wife goes missing. Husband didn't do it. Police think he did. It's an irresistible storyline.Which is why you will keep reading even after you realize that the husband is a dope, the wife is likeable but socially ridiculous, and that the story continues despite having nothing interesting to share......but then there is a twist. It's wonderful. Even though you don't care about the players, you cannot put this book down. Sorry for the cliche, but it's like watching a car wreck - you just cannot look away, for better or worse.Which is fortunate because, while it gets better, the ending is not satisfying.The reason I marked this as a recommended title is because I couldn't stop talking to people about this book after the twist. I rarely share like this.
Gone Girl is the third novel by American author, Gillian Flynn. ""She was the girl that every girl wanted to be: beautiful, brilliant, inspiring and very wealthy. He was the guy that all men admired: handsome, funny, bright and charming. But on July fifth, their seemingly perfect world came crashing in when Amy Elliott Dunne disappeared on their fifth wedding anniversary."" Flynn alternates narrations from husband Nick Dunne starting the day of the disappearance with diary entries by Amy Elliott Dunne starting when she first met Nick, and later, narrations by Amy, to gradually lead the reader through a tense, clever plot with some breathtaking twists and turns. Along the way, she touches on the power of TV and social media, the influence of good (and bad) parenting and whether anyone can really know their spouse. With plenty of black humour, Gone Girl is witty, scary, funny and brilliant.
Definitely a cliffhanger. I just could not stop reading. I'm not satisfied with the ending so hopefully the story continues.
Completely shocking!!! You form opinions and you take sides and then BAM!!!! Everything just flips on its end!!! Loved it!!!
Slow at first, but really grabs you about a third of the way in and then you're hooked.  Interesting story and well written.
It kept me reading from the start but the end .. FLAT ... but so many twists and turns - great read - totally recommmended!!
Excellent book. Kept me guessing throughout much of the book. And I like the format of past and present. I highly recommend!
I enjoyed this book immensely.  Took quite a while to figure out where it was going.  Excellent plot.  I would recommend it.
An absolutely enthralling book that draws you in from the first page and doesn't release you until the last. 100% recommend!
What a comment this book makes about men, women, marriage, our culture, our expectations of ourselves and each other and the roles we all play in order to get our needs met. And we all know people will go to extraordinary lengths to get their needs met. It's only human. But it can also be very, very disturbing. The interplay going on with this couple is humorous at times, baffling, heartening and chilling--all at once! This is also an extremely plausible story of marriage which just makes it more vexing. It's a compelling tale of a couple gone so wrong yet all of us can see ourselves in little and big ways. I must admit I predicted the ending to the letter but is it a ""happy"" ending? I could not even say. Your mind will shift in so many directions during this book that you will end up dizzy and questioning all you thought you knew about social arrangements, namely marriage.
Boy and girl meet. Boy and girl fall in love. Boy and girl get married. Five years later, on their anniversary, girl goes missing and boy is the prime suspect. To tell you more would be to ruin all the fun, but if there's one thing you can be sure of when reading Gillian Flynn, it's that nothing is ever as it seems.It's almost impossible to write a more in depth synopsis of this book without giving away too much of the plot, so I'm going to leave it there. The surprises are the best parts of Flynn's work and I wouldn't want to ruin it for anyone.If you're a fan of Flynn's work, GONE GIRL will join the ranks of SHARP OBJECTS and DARK PLACES in your list of favorites. If you're new to Flynn, I envy the heck out of you. She's one of the authors I wish I could read again for the first time.
I was wary of reading this book, but I was floored by how much it lived up to the hype.  Once I started I couldn't put it down.  I read with increasing unease as I went from chapter to chapter, getting a little of the truth here and there and knowing, too, that the full picture was going to be sickening.  Every perspective was suspect and self-serving.  My sympathies shifted from chapter to chapter because the truth kept shifting.  However, by the end, one character emerged as very psychotic and deserving of loathing?  Grudging admiration?  Pure evil, I say.Did I feel manipulated by the constant twists?  Yes!  Do I care?  No!I would deem this book as Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf taken to extreme extremes.  The marriage portrayed in it is so toxic, that I was disturbed for hours after I finished it.Not a feel good book but brilliantly written!
Very intense,  I really enjoyed it. Had to get used to the difference characters speaking,  but otherwise a very good read.
So many twists, kept me hanging on every word! Could not put it down!!! Sequel PLEASE!!!! Loved it, everyone should read!!!
Read this in a day. Absolutely amazing. Easily one of my favorites that I've recently read it had me turning pages like mad
Loy's of twists and turns throughout the book. I thoroughly enjoyed this books and will read more of Gillian Flynn's books.
Loved the book! The main character - so devious, and all the characters were well constructed.  I can't wait for the movie.
very dark story. the mind of this author is very different. interesting story one the less, would tell my fiends to read it
As so many others, I am not sure that I like the ending. It's fatalistic, and crazy, to think that this marriage will go anywhere, other than maybe spawn a screwed-up child, or two, and one spouse will kill the other eventually.I would have liked the ending to be, for Nick and Amy, both, to adhere to their inherently bad (insecure ?) characters, and unite them in a different way.I was somehow expecting, that there would be another twist, and that they both were targeting, and craving Desi's money and lifestyle together. And that the whole last plot was, Amy, infiltrating Desi's life after so many years again (with Nick's consent), trying to get hold of the lake-place, and all other assets he had.But that would have meant another turnaround in the main character's bevaviour.$Guess, I have to write my own book, with 'my' ending.Great read, though!!!
What I enjoyed most about this book was the wonderful prose.  As I was reading it, over and over I wanted to stop and read a passage out loud to my wife.  The author had some amazing lines and paragraphs, beautiful and insightful writing.I also love twists, and this book threw one twist after another at the reader.  Many times I sat up and said, ""Wow!""The development of characters was also amazing.  The author digs deep into personality of characters.  The characters are drawn in exquisite detail and, though dysfunctional in the extreme, still believable.Many reviewers disliked the end, and I have to say that this was my exact reaction at the time.  I got to the end and just said, ""Huh?  That's it?""  But on reflection I realize that it really was a great ending, both realistic and ironic.  It just takes some time to sink in.
The manipulation, never knowing what horrible thing will happen next, making nice out of total fear, no one really believing you, even you doubting yourself at times, what truth is the real truth?...It sounds so preposterous, and yet...!! I believe at least 75% of people are dual personalities...not schizophrenic or the mentally ill, but normal (whatever we perceive that to be for us) everyday people like you and me (correct grammar)...one public personality and one private one that generally only appears with family,  who love you unconditionally, or so we say and want to believe...This book does an excellent job of telling a story that goes to the utmost extremes of pretty much every normal human emotions...really enjoyed reading it, seeing the movie tomorrow, I always like to read the book first....I can't wait to see it!!  This is definitely a book everyone should read...
If there were 10 stars, I would give this a 10.  This book grabbed me from the start.  I did not want to put it down.  It is very well crafted and obviously there is a deep understanding of relationships.The only part I had a problem with besides the ending was with the two grifters in the Ozarks.  It is hard to discuss the book without spoilers but I just felt their interaction with the ""real"" Amy would have ended differently.The end of the book also left me with a question.  I hate it when a really good book has a bad ending but unfortunately it seems most of them do.  This was not as bad as some but there was the idea of more to come, possibly leaving room for a sequel?  I would have preferred a tighter ending.The mind games in this book are just stunning.  The dynamics of marriage are also very real.  It is truly a great read.
Gillian Flynn’s “Gone Girl” is thrilling, eerie, and mesmerizing!  Nick and Amy once had a great relationship, but recently they have been stuck in rut.  As with many couples they experience the trials and tribulations of being married including financial problems and failed attempts of conception.  This unfortunate lull has turned chaotic as Amy disappears leaving clues in her wake.  The reader sets out on a journey with Nick as the clues are traced, diary entries read, and the twists curve around every corner.  Flynn leaves her readers constantly guessing as to who killed Amy, where she went, and will she return?Without giving too much away, I will note that this book is edgy and intriguing!  It is a must read!  I look forward to seeing the differences and similar on the big screen this October!**I’d also recommend reading Flynn’s “Sharp Objects.”
This book is amazing, maddening, incredible, frustrating and utterly perfect. one of the BEST books I have ever read. Wow.
I enjoyed the unpredictability of the plot and the story.  It was a good twist on a very old theme.  I enjoyed reading it.
Great book which offered an interesting look at marriage and how our upbringing effects our future. I highly recommend it!
This book was great from beginning to end!!! Please write more!!! Such crazy turns and unexpected changes! Loved the ride.
This is a very twisted book.  I couldn't wait to read what would happen next.  Intelligent, exciting, and thoughtful plot.
I keep re-reading this trying to twist it another way but such a solidly constructed finish that left no thought unturned.
Wow, what to say.  Incredibly written with very clever twists and turn.  It will keep you up at night reading it.  Get it!
This lives up to the hype, it really does. The relationship between the husband and wife is dynamic, twisted, and fascinating. You can truly feel the tension and dislike between them as you read, and it makes for a great story. The concept is brilliant and Gillian Flynn deserves the attention she got for writing this. I wasn't crazy about the journal entry chapters initially, but once I got going, it really made the entire story flow with the different perspectives.If you liked this book and other similar ones, you may very well like my first novel, DECEPTION. Although definitely not the same concept, the relationships in it do play out similarly if that interested you in GONE GIRL. The ending isn't the best, but it does make you think...what happens now? Definitely a surprise though.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned... This is one helluva twisted story about a self-righteous, vindictive, psycho bitch! I flipped-flopped back and forth through out the entire book whom I should hate more. I hated Nick for his infidelity (I am of the variety that believe NO reason is a reason to cheat). Then, I got the grand shock that Amy played all of us! She is a master manipulator and could scheme like no other. At that point, I was pissed but still wanted to explore the twists and turns of Amy's sociopathic brain. I feel the ending was rather anti-climatic; the ultimate shock happened in the middle of the book. The writing was excellent with a great look inside both character's behaviors and thinking, beating that each character were totally different. Or were they? The book definitely left me thinking about the big what ifs and did this mean that? and so on.
Gillian Flynn knows how to take you gently by the hand and then heave you over the precipice.  Often I thought I had this story figured out, only to have it twist and turn and leave me fooled right up to the very end.  ""Gone Girl"" will have you up all night reading until your eyes smart.  Have a bottle of Visine handy, you will need it.As in Ms. Flynn's previous two novels, the main characters in this one, husband and wife, Nick and Amy Dunne have secrets.  The story is told in real time from the viewpoint of Nick and through the diary of Amy.  I don't want to give away anything that happens beyond the first section of the book as this would spoil it for new readers, but be forewarned that when you've finished the book you might want to turn back to page one to start it all over again.
I had been wanting to go see the movie but I knew that was going to be while away, so I picked up the book instead now I want to see the movie even more...I couldn't put the book down, Even when I did I went right back to it because I had to see what happened next, its a real page turner very gripping, extremely well written, The author had me reeling with plot twists and the flip flopping back and forth between characters sides giving off great anticipation making me want more. Now I was worried to start this book as I had read reviews that said they were ""disappointed"" with this ending so all the way through reading it I was thinking that I was going to hate the ending of this book, this was not the case I was surprised by the outcome but I think is was brilliantly executed.Five thrilling stars I look forward to reading more books by this author
This is an unbelievable story, unbelievably well written.How couples pretend to be what the other wants and can be each other's enemies and yet are bound.  How we bring out the best and worst in each other.For me Gillian uses this fictional extreme relationship as an analogy for all of us.  One of the most poignant statements I've ever read is from our female protagonist and essentially states that there is no way that love should be unconditional as that gives us nothing to aspire to.  Love should be the most conditional emotion that exists - otherwise what's the point.  I have to concur.This novel gave me lots to think about aside from being a fantastic read.Can't say much about the story...almost anything would be a spoiler.  Suffice to say that there are lots of things that happen you wouldn't have EVER expected...
Holy cow I seriously could not stop reading this book! A super suspenseful plot that makes you never want to put it down!
I could not put my Kindle down until I read the entire book. I loved it. Can't wait for the movie to come out in October!
I love this book. I could not put it down!!!  Great read. Great story telling. Great suspense. Flynn did a Masterful job.
Fantastic. I was guessing the whole way through.I will definitely be looking for more books by Gillian Flynn. Great read.
Great story, great plot twists. I loved this book and will seek out others from this author. I highly recommend this one.
Loved all the twists and turns this book took.  Quick and easy reading!  Didn't want to put it down. Recommended reading.
Forgetting the fact the author was from Missouri, the locale was incorrect according to my mother in law, who also read this book.I didn't pick up on that, as I do not know Missouri, so I just sat back and enjoyed the plot.I digress.Gone Girl started off amazingly - the story played out with many twists and turns.The story took you on a roller-coaster of emotion, and I felt myself switching between who I had sympathy for - the husband, or the ""gone"" wife.I'm not one to reveal anything in my reviews, but I could imagine this book as a movie.The ending of the novel very much disappointed me though. One of the characters just accepted their fate, when me, the reader, expected more.Whether this was intentional to set up for a following novel, I don't know - but it left that feeling of being ripped off.
Wow, 12,000 Amazon reviews.  I am pretty critical about books, but found this one to be a classic thriller along the lines of Hitchcock, with more twists and turns than a Colorado mountain highway.  The characters are well-developed, and while I found the ending astounding - not what I expected - it was consistent with both Amy's and Nick's character traits.  There are no characters in this book you will like.  What Nick did was wrong, but Amy's retribution was way out of proportion.  At the end, it comes to her always wanting to ""win"" as she defines it.  Often in life there is no justice or fairness, as is the case here.  This was a page-turner supreme.  Well-written and this book will still be read 50 years from now.  My only criticism is too much gratuitous sex and sex references - definitely ""R"" rated.  Believe the movie based on the book will also be an ""R"".
This was the first Gillian Flynn book I read, and I purchased her other two before finishing it. I'm always excited to find a new author, and I'm definitely excited to read more of her books.The best part about Gone Girl was my reaction to the characters. I literally went from disliking Amy in the beginning, to *really* sympathizing with her during the bulk of the novel - and then when the plot twist came, I was so invested in her that I still ended up rooting for her in the end. Similarly, while it was difficult to fully dislike Nick, he still gave me the skeevy vibe right up to the end. I love being torn about the characters I'm reading; I love it when I can find something in them to like, even when they're doing despicable things. Flynn is an incredibly talented writer. I can't wait to see what sort of dark, twisty hero(ine) she comes up with next.
I started reading this book after reading Gillian Flynn's other two novels, expecting similiar twisted, dark characters.  What I got instead was an amazing novel that had me from the first diary entry that Amy Dunne wrote!! This book teases, doles out small details without revealing too much, and then WHAM the author hits you over the head with the biggest bombshell EVER half way through the novel. I was floored and couldn't stop reading!If you enjoy reading novels where you really can't guess what is going to happen next, then this is for you!! You won't be able to put the book down until you have read it from cover to cover, and then won't be able to stop talking or thinking about it when you are done.If you have ever doubted your spouse's loyalty or wondered what they are really thinking, this novel will be the stuff of your nightmares!
I put off reading this book for quite awhile. I was convinced that it was just another gory murder mystery and I am not a fan of that so I ignored this book. But this book kept showing up and bothering me until one day it was for a price I couldn't resist and I downloaded it to my Kindle. I read this book almost non stop until it was finished and then proceeded to download the other two books by Gillian Flynn- I LOVED this book. Nick and Amy have a very weird, unusual, ridiculously bizarre relationship that you think you have all figured out until the rug is snatched out from under your feet and you say ""Oh, of course, that's what happened"" and then the next thing you know, you get spun around again - in a different direction. I loved the twists and turns and being on the side of Nick and then flipping to the side of Amy...what a great story and a gifted writer.
This is the first book I've read of this author. I must say that upon reading several chapters I kept thinking ""this has got to get better."" I just kept pushing through because I thought it has to get better, they wouldn't make a movie out of this if it weren't good. Boy, oh boy, did it get better. I could not believe the twists and turns this author took the reader through. I'm a 65 year old housewife and I read probably 2-3 books a month, maybe even 4, and I will have to say this is without a doubt one of the best, if not the best book I've even read. Even after I'm through I still think ""I can't believe an author can think of so many turns in a book."" I know these authors are very intelligent, but wow what an imagination. It is mind boggling. I look forward to reading another of her books. Thank you Gillian Flynn for taking us on your journey.
Here is who this book will not be good for.1. people who don't like a story told from two different viewpoints.2. People who don't like books that bounce back and forth between the past and the present.3. People accustomed to crime shows on TV that always wrap things up nice and tidy.So much has already been written about this book but I will add my own little critique. I really did enjoy the book, it reminded me a book called ""The Lie"". The reason for this is both are told by more than one viewpoint. This method of writing can be very tricky for the reader to believe the viewpoints of the narrator of each viewpoint. In the case of Gone Girl I did not believe it was Nick narrating his chapter viewpoints, it felt more like what Amy thought and believed that this was what and how Nick would behave. Outside of this one gripe I definitely enjoyed the book.
  Wow!!!!  I hardly EVER write a review but this book was the most fantasic book I ever read; oops....actually - ""listned to""!!!! This Audible book was so freaking good I can't even think of what to say because if I say anything you may have a clue to the ""Holy SH__ - OMG"" parts!!!  I never read this author before nor listen to the narrators but I am about to do a search on anything they've ever written/read!  I'm normally a ""historical romance"" kind of listener but somehow I found this book and can't believe how much I was sucked-in and addicted to hearing it.  If it were $100 it would be worth it :)  Dear Author, PLEASE contine with your writing and TELL ME when any book is available!!!!  I will be seaching for them all!!!! (oh - and it's YOU'RE fault I have been sleepy at work because I stayed awake as long as I could to listen to this book!!!)
This book took a few pages to get me hooked - but once I was hooked... I was hooked. I was told there was a twist to the story before I read it... but I figured out what the twist was as I read further into the book and I saw it coming. I think I would have figured that out even if no one told me there was a twist. So - it was disappointing to see that coming so easily.  And I really didn't like the ending at all. It was very flat and didn't have the same quality as the rest of the book. But overall, I can't complain... it was well written, gripping, easy to follow, and hard to put down.  It is very uncommon to have a story be so good and so interesting when the main characters are so unlikeable. (The musical ""Chicago"" comes to mind as another example of unlikeable characters, yet a good story line).  And a book with those qualities is worth five stars to me.
Saw the movie also which was great but as usual, the book provides more detail. Very good, would read this author again.
Could not put it down! A real page turner with surprises throughout. You won't regret going on this mystery. Great read.
Couldn't put it down!! It was spell binding and I didn't guess the ending either...I ordered her other book immediately!
This was such a spellbinding read. I was totally hooked from the beginning right to the end. Unbelievable and addicting.
This novel kept me flipping through the pages as each new twist arrived. And each one was so unexpected. Very well done!
I am one of those people who have to have a book that will keep my attention or I will NEVER finish.  THIS IS IT and so much more.  I loved how Flynn prepaired this masterpiece- two different individuals telling ""their side""....  When book begins, it gives you just enough to crave more and before you know it, you CAN NOT put it down because you JUST HAVE to know, ""where in the WORLD is this going??????""The book has SO many twist, turns, shocks.  VERY clever, thrilling, suspenseful, unpredictable.  A MUST READ.The only complaint I have is some of the language - However, in the defense of the author, this was a definite character builder, and I looked over it and did not let that aspect ruin what I thought of the book.OVERALL - YOU HAVE TO READ THIS BOOK!!!!!
This was a fast, engaging read. I hated having to put it down, and every time I did, I kept thinking about it. I don't often agree with all the hype that people dump on certain books or movies, but this one didn't disappoint. I can see why it has become such a sensation.I've read a few of Gillian Flynn's other books, and I think Gone Girl is my favorite. She's a brilliant, entertaining writer. You can tell that she puts a lot of thought into her storylines, weaving each thread just so into the intricate web of deceit and horror that keeps these stories going.What else can I say about Gone Girl? If you're read her work before and liked it, then this is another one to pick up. If you're new to her work, this would be a great story to start on. I'll definitely keep watch for her next book.Run, don't walk, to get your copy.
I'm glad I read the book before I watch the movie (very excited about David Fincher yeeeaay),Now, with all the discounts on ""men are from Mars and women are from Venus,"" I think that (according to Islam?) women having no souls sounds partially true. Why would someone latch oneself to another person, go to such novell-ish lengths to satisfy the emptiness that can never be filled? What is the point of Amy_amazing maneuvering? Poor Amy. She is so very lonely from the beginning to the end.The only somewhat believable character was Maureen, the dying mother, I liked her. An uncomplicated woman who found her happiness in her two creations, her twins, kicking abuser to the curb. ""That's the way to do it."" Oh, and another wisdom, communication is the key. It truly is.The book reminds me of Kreutzer Sonata with a happy (?) ending.
This was undoubtedly the most hyped book of 2012.  So I knew that sooner or later I would succumb to its lure. My one sentence reaction: It definitely deserves all the hype.The book starts out, appearing to me, like a fictionalized version of that real life California case.  You know the one with that guy named Peterson who killed his pregnant wife.  At least that is how it was playing out to me.  But Gillian Flynn had more surprises and twists to deal out in her novel.  Was it a bit over the top at times, you bet, but it was definitely a can't-put-it-down read.  It is scary to think that there are people in this world like Scot Peterson but Gillian Flynn gives us some ideas about how a psychopath operates as she lays out the story of the marriage of Nick and Amy Dunne.  I highly recommend this one to all mystery, suspense and thriller lovers.
This story, so innocent in the beginning, grabs you and doesn’t let you go. And every time you feel you know where the story is going, Flynn manages to spin the situation and totally confound you. There is one chapter told by Nick (the husband) and the next one by Amy (the missing wife). The timeline is non-linear, since Amy starts telling her side of the story 7 years before her disappearance and Nick starts the morning her wife goes missing. At some point, the two main characters’ timelines converge, which makes an interesting narrative technique. And after slowly building tension all along the book, I would have never expected this ending! Without giving any spoilers, when I just read the last line of the book, I was startled and sort of pissed at Gillian Flynn. But after sleeping on it, all I can say is that it is a brilliant way to end this story.
OMG -- couldn't put it down.  Have to see the movie now :) Even ordered another book by the same author -- great stuff!
Loved this book. Can't wait for the movie to come out. Loaned book to friends and never got it back so I bought again!!
The book was great all the way up until the ending...I didn't like the ending. But really engaging all the way through!
Awesome read.  So unique.  Never wanted to put it down.  Excited to read more books written by this author!  We'll done
This book had so many twists and turns. You think you have an idea how it may end and it totally changes over and over.
I loved the entire 3 book series.  Can't wait for another book by Gillian Flynn....I will absolutely order on my kindle
Great book, a must read. Hold your interest till the end and its so true to daily life. Best one I have read in awhile.
Loved the plot, so we'll thought out.Gonna make a great movie too!I can't wait to read more by this author.
I loved the suspense and twists.  I thought it was very entertaining.  I could read it again, but not for a few months.
These two  people people had the same twisted minds. They had to satisfy each other's needs . No matter what. I lived the same lie with a sex nut so that the children I wanted would.  Have the same father which was  a must in the 40,s.A person who was a victim of sexual verbal and physical emotion  abuse since age of three. So I really understood the ulterior motives of each character. Nick and Amy. I need to tell my story. If I had a gun and the gut, I would now,sixty years later be in prison for murder for very good reasons.  . so I read this story k owing Amy was insane. AND A  climbing selfish person like I married. Out of the frying pan into the fire I jumped. I do have three adult children who love me, so it was well thWorth the abuse to have my children.  I finally in fear. Did divorce .  t many women.  put up with today
Despite getting off to a bit of a slow, ponderous start, Flynn's ""Gone Girl"" really is a compelling read, all the way through to the very bitter end.  Beyond having a great twist on the modern day ""whodunit"" where Flynn really excels in this work is his examination of the further infantilization of modern American men, and an exposure of one of the secrets among men today regarding their views of women.  Sometimes recited only partially tongue in cheek, there is a widespread bit of common knowledge, or masculine folklore, that most men share among themselves: the belief that all women are crazy and the success of marriage is calibrating how much crazy one man can take.  True or not, the factual basis of that position is almost irrelevant when shared over such a broad spectrum. Flynn really captures that, in its extreme, in this work.
Whoo, LORD. Wow, what can I say about this novel?? One of the best fiction stories I've ever read. Sometimes I don't really like having to switch perspectives between characters when I read, but I am so glad this one did. From beginning to end, I'd say that this book was great. Lots of plot twists, which I love, and a completely unexpected ending. It is pretty long (for me), so I spread it out over a few weeks so I could read a chapter or two before bed. Perfect way to wind down, but not really, because IT STRESSED ME OUT!!! The most interesting thing I found about this book was how each character came with their own flaws. Which is good and bad, because then I found myself wishing I had someone to root for haha. I highly recommend this book.Extra: I tried to watch the movie and fell asleep really quickly.  I'll just stick to the book.
Amy and Nick Dunne were a lovely couple, their love one to rival the sappiest romantic pairing in the history of romances...that is until Amy disappears and Nick is the prime suspect in the disappearance. Things quickly escalate and ol' Nicky looks to be in a world of trouble. Though, this isn't the entire gist of the story. Oh no, it gets much stickier and leads you down roads that twist when you think they'll turn and zig when you think they'll zag. This novel is a thrilling mystery that had me scratching my head at its brilliance unfolded before my eyes. I was shocked at how things turned out about three-quarters through the book, and the ending is one I surely didn't see coming. Gone Girl is one of the best reads I've had this year so far, and I would recommend it to those who enjoy a...different view on unhappy marriages ""changing things up.
This book. THIS BOOK!Okay, first of all, it's a psychological thriller in ever sense of the word. It surprised me, it shocked me, it disturbed me..and it amazed me. I don't want to spoil anything, but Gone Girl was twisty and engaging and can't-put-it-down.I highly recommend it for lovers of thrillers, psychology, twisty surprise plots, very three-dimensional characters, and generally great writing.I also have to give serious slow claps to Julia Whelan and Kirby Heyborne, who narrated the audiobook brilliantly- with all the emotion, inflection, and tone needed to make characters come alive. They didn't fall into that common audiobook narrator pit where one's voice takes on a constant cadence that is annoying as all hell- they sounded like real people. It made for an even better, more chilling experience of the book.
This book will keep you guessing!! Be prepared to be surprised as the plot unfolds! Very intriguing and well written!!
Could not out this book down. Can't wait to read more by Gillian Flynn.  No time to say more. I'm on to the next book.
Very well written, good plot and characters.  I just could not put this book down and it would be a great summer read!
One of the best books I've read in a long time. Love when a book isn't easy to figure out the ending and she nailed it
Based on my previous purchases, this book continued to pop up as something I should read via a number of emails from Amazon. I put it off for a few months until I ran out of my favorites and decided to give it a try. I normally don't read female authors and I need to reevaluate why that is. This book is ""amazing"" ! It starts off very descriptive and dreamy and easy to read but you get a sense that things could turn strange at any moment. Well, it sure does. This book continues to pick up steam with each page and ended up requiring me to set aside most of a Sunday to finish it as I could not put it down. This book is quite frightening to read and really makes you think. The ending was a bit unexpected and I am not sure how I feel about it but, I thoroughly enjoyed it and will probably now add Gillian Flynn to my list of authors to read.
So often we tell each other ""That was a really good book."" But how does one define ""good""? It could mean almost anything. My definition is that it keeps me guessing, wanting more, and putting off important tasks so I can turn the next page. If the book is ""good,"" I want to get back to it, thank you. I have to confess it's been a long time since I read a book that I wanted to get back to this much. Ms. Flynn certainly knows how to write. No wasted words. She took me on an emotional ride, and I let her manipulate my feelings the whole time. That was the fun of it. Plus, the book is really thought-provoking. What is really going on in people's heads? And the ending that so many have criticized? Pure perfection. Loved it. Do I want more of Nick and Amy? Oh, yes. More please.
I had the unfortunate luck to not read this book before I saw the movie. So let me be the first to tell you to not do as I did: Don't wait for the library kindle edition to be available, buy the book.Books are (usually) better than movies, but it is especially delightful when the book is better than the movie and the movie is excellent.Flynn wrote a chilling realistic novel that will suck you in. The realness of the characters struck chords with me as I read, and certain lines left me with chills. Particularly, repetition of marriage questions, ""What are you thinking? How are you feeling? What have we done to each other? What will we do?""A truly delightful antagonist and a protagonist you aren't sure you can really trust: Go read this novel. Then go see the movie.You can thank me later.
Loved the ending. Unique approach to this genre and Flynn holds fast to the last page with out taking the easy route.
great page turner! I'm glad I read this before the movie but even knowing the story, this would still be a good read.
Really well written and a page turner.  Smart, thriller that should be your vacation book.  You'll love it. Have fun.
Really a good book. A real page turner. Full of surprises. I look forward to the movie.Author is a real talent.
Hard to put down.  Lots of twists and turns.  The storyline is chilling. It's a wild ride.Not for the faint at heart.
Loved the book!!  I enjoyed the characters different points of view told in every other chapter.  It is a must read!!
Loved the book.  It kept me interested and ended not like I thought it would!!  For mature adults only! Great read!!!
This is a must read!  Gillian Flynn writes another great book.  Keeps her audience attentive to the twists and turns!
So being horribly behind the times I finally picked up Gone Girl. One of the twists had been moderately spoiled for me (SPOILERS AHEAD IN THIS REVIEW BTW) so I had a fair expectation of what was coming, however this book was still pretty surprising.At first I found the prose a little rambling, then as soon at the action began I found myself sucked right in. There may have been one or two moments between big events where I was like 'OK, I get it he's in a tricky spot shes hanging out,' but for the most part the story was completely engrossing and intriguing.That ending though. At some point the story takes an abrupt shift away from psychological crime thriller to 'We Need to Talk about Kevin' territory. A bold move from the author, and it surprises me that such a book is so popular (not a criticism, just surprised)
I hated almost all the characters in this book to some degree, but that's what I ended up liking about the book. What's kind of funny is that the characters were like no one else I've ever known, and usually I spend a book trying to figure out who characters remind me of.My only complaint, and this is not the author's fault, is that the price of the book is far too high. I bought it for my Kindle, but it took me several weeks to talk myself into it. A book review is not the place to go into a rant about the publishing industry's abuse of ebook prices, but it bugged me enough to actually hinder my opinion. Weird, huh?Anyway, I'm worried that giving any details at all about this book will ruin it for future readers, so you'll just have to trust me that it's fabulous and it's nothing at all like what you think it's going to be.
I had no idea what to expect with this story. I'd heard it recommended over & over so I bought it after scanning the blurb. The first half was gripping. Did he, didn't he? In the beginning, I didn't even know it was a question I should be asking. Then suddenly, I wasn't so sure. A book that makes me second guess myself is doing something right. Who was Nick, really? I think his sister, Go, put it best:“You’d literally lie, cheat, and steal—hell, kill—to convince people you are a good guy.”This sums Nick up in such a perfect way. I loved going into this book blind, so I won't give much else away. I'll just say if you like a good psychological mind game, or if you'd enjoy a thriller that's not really set up like a thriller—read Gone Girl. Here's hoping the movie is great too, but if not, at least we have the book.
This was a page turner for me.  I had never read one of Gillian Flynn's books before, but I really liked the style or her writing.  This book is unusual in that the story is told from the perspective of both characters (and not exactly in a linear fashion), but it was still easy to follow.  The descriptions of the characters in the book were so spot on that I could think of people in my own life that were basically mirror images.  The story was your typical ""love gone wrong"", however, the pages take you to places that the reader does not expect.  I must admit that I couldn't foresee the plot twists in this book and I love when that happens.  I read the book in a matter of days.  I stayed up much too late as I found that I didn't want to put it down.  I recently bought another book by the same author, but haven't started it yet.
When you keep in mind that the sociopathic motivations are intentionally used as an extreme example, they brilliantly illustrate the narcissism of modern courtship and marriage and provided plenty of conversation-fodder for my hubby of 12 years and I. They also kept the story entertaining. Kudos to Gillian Pike for all the nuances on the theme, and for the superb writing!But compared to the book, the movie's screenplay sucked. Not sure why the author of a novel would insist on also writing the adapted screenplay -- they're two entirely different media and some of the beautiful metaphors Gillian Flynn painted in the book were completely lost in the film. She should've handed the reigns over to an experience screenwriter. That being said -- Ben Affleck & Rosamund Pike were brilliantly cast and delivered great performances.
The book is a bit slow starting, but well worth finishing! Such an interesting, twisted, and captivating story line.
This book rang so true for me....as if it were my life on these pages and not the characters.  I now feel vindicated
Fantastic.  Exciting mystery.  Just when I thought I knew what was coming next  the story line changed dramatically.
Great page turner! I was hooked from the beginning and devasted at the way the book ended. I hope there is a sequel.
This is a great read. It keeps you reading because you want to find out what happened! You will not be disappointed.
What a twist in the wind at every turn....mouth agape at the ending...Will there be a follow up book???? So hope so!
never wanted to put this book down! fun fast read!! surprising story!  I can't wait for this book to become a movie.
Many surprising twists and turns. You don't know what's coming next and you'll  never guess The ending. A must read.
A real page turner!  Each chapter left you trying to guess the ending.  Who's the real psycho? Holds you to the end.
Its one of those books where I borrowed it, read it and I just have to have it in my book collection. And Gillian Flynn is one of the authors on my list to read all of her books. ""Gone Girl"" is about a marriage gone totally wrong. Its about a boy meeting a ""really cool chick"", and this girl turns out to be not what he thought she was. This book had so many hooks in it I couldn't put it down! I kept thinking ""did he kill her?"" I was on her side in the beginning, then out of no where, in some weird twist, I was on HIS side. The ending is a bit of a downer, it left me hanging and curious what was going to happen next. is there going to be a part two? a sequel? or maybe that's just what the author was going for. She wanted us to finished the story. Make us wonder what happened. What do YOU think happened?? Read this book and find out!
This is a difficult book to review without giving anything away. It's about a marriage that has begun to fall apart when the wife goes missing. Did the husband do it?I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It's told in alternating narrative and both main characters are writers. It's so well-written with such intricate details and insight into relationships between men and women and real characters with inside jokes. Halfway through the book, I was already looking forward to rereading it, and by Part Two I had forced my boyfriend to start reading it. He got custody of the book when I fell asleep and stayed up until 2am to finish it.Gone Girl is clever, fun, edge of your seat reading. Tonight, we're going to see the movie and can't imagine how they'll translate it for the screen.-Katie O'Rourke, author of Monsoon Season
GONE GIRL did everything that an unbelievable novel is supposed to do. It angered, impressed and confused me while also making me want to devour the next page regardless of what I was missing in the real world. I took turns hating the leads then questioning and rereading whole passages searching for missing truths so that I could ""choose the right side"" and rejoice when the wronged party was eventually vindicated and victorious in the end.Hmmmm, nope.I HATED the ending and felt that I missed pages and was being forced to suspend belief beyond possibility, but after I thought about it  for a bit I realized that both characters stayed true to themselves till the end. Gillian Flynn took the care and time to craft these flawed, broken, selfish, HUMAN BEINGS and she knew how their crazy elaborate story would end.
I have avoided buying this book because I didn't think it was something I would like. But it followed me whenever I was looking for a new book which is a lot I read constantly. It wasn't even a wish list book. Finally the beginning of 2014 and decided I would read the reviews one more time and it was someone who didn't like it that made me go ahead and buy it.  Thank you critical critic.  This is one of the most original stories I have read in a long time. It is not like every other in any way.  I love the back and forth and right smack dab in the middle the about face was well it just floored me.  I mean half way through you will be like what just happened.  If you are looking for something original read this book.  By the way in the end I hated them both for different reasons and don't wait for a happy ending there isn't one.
It's hard to say much about this book without introducing spoilers. Other reviewers call this a thriller or a mystery, but to me it was a story about complex relationships and breath-taking audacity, which kept me guessing until the end.Other writers will wryly note the breaking of the rule which states: Don't start your book with your character getting out of bed. However, that shouldn't read as sour grapes - this is a masterful novel and in my eyes fully deserves its success. I found the first part a little long (you'll know when you reach the part with the first big twist!), but with a tale this gripping, it's easy to forgive a little extra detail.I'm curious to see how they'll adapt the diary part of the book for the movie and look forward to seeing these memorable characters come to life on screen.
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel. The plot kept me interested and always wanting to read more. The switch between Amy and Nick's point of view gave the story a better depth and provided more details for the mystery. This book is full of plot twists that kept me turning the page and changing my mind about Nick's innocence. The plot is genius and every plot detail and plot twist is logical and well thought out. Great character development; by the end of the book I almost felt like I knew the characters personally. The character depth helped me to understand the motives behind actions of each character. The ending was kind of abrupt and unsatisfying, but also kept me thinking about the book after i finished. It is clear that Gillian Flynn took a generous amount of time and thought to create this captivating and complicated story.
Hey! I love my audible books and this was the first I have had that has a man and a woman reading. I loved it. I love listening in my car and this is one that I probably wasted a lot of time and gas just hanging out in my car...driving home slower...to work slower.I must say that Amy in this book is so smart...even the author is so smart or rather clear headed. With my ADD there is no way I could figure out how to do something like this. I must admit I had figured out what had happened pretty early on but I can tell you that it does not diminish the story line.It does seem set up a little to have another book...which I would be happy to read.They are filming the movie down close to my hometown in Cape Giradeau, MO. Ben Affleck is playing Nick I guess and not sure of the rest. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT IN AUDIO!!
I am about 40 pages from the end. I've seen the movie and loved it. The plot is seriously twisted but it is an easy read to follow since the writer does such  a good job with each person's day unfolding another layer in the story. I wanted to read the book because the movie really didn't get into the background of Nick or Amy and I wanted to know more of how they arrived at the emotions they did for each other. Especially Nick. That role was made for Ben Affleck. When they described Nick as a handsome douche face who else could have played the role. Ben Affleck carries himself as stiff an uncaring so it was a perfect match. Amy just amazed me with her brilliance and capacity for revenge. This book is so engrossing I couldn't put it down. It is not fast paced at all but I didn't get bored with it either...just like the movie.
This book was one wild and crazy roller-coaster ride.  I loved every minute of it.  It's easily one of the best novels I've read all year.  I loved the intricate plot.  The author clearly thought out every detail before she sat down to write.  I loved the amazing plot twists that I never saw coming.  I loved that the story was told in the first person, alternating between the husband and wife, leaving the reader to wonder if either was a reliable narrator.  I loved the fact that every time I put it down I started to wonder what that clue meant or how this person was involved or what could possibly happen next.  I never guessed the ending.  I know a lot of readers didn't like the way it ended, but I thought it was perfect for the characters.  This book was just plain fun to read and a real page turner.  I highly recommend it.
Great read just when you think it couldn't get more twisted it does.  The ending is just as unexpected as page one.
This book will keep you guessing until the very end.  Well written, fast paced. I highly recommend checking it out.
It definitely is a page turner!  Very surprising and keeps you guessing.  Can't wait for the movie to come out now!
One of those books that I stayed up late to read and then started reading again as soon as I got up in the morning.
Loved it. Great suspense novel that alternates between the husband and wife and the story of a marriage gone wrong.
I would recommend the book.  Had a twist at the end.  Should be made for television mystery on lifetime television.
Gone Girl is one hell of a multilayered, expertly written psychological thriller.  It dissects the breakup of Amy and Nick's marriage, from both their points of view at different times in their marriage.  They're both manipulative, deceitful, and vengeful, but when Amy goes missing, who's at fault and who is responsible?  Nick was so handsome and charming, but I hated him for being so weak and selfish, always taking the easy way.  (If there is growth for anyone, however, perhaps he does achieve it.)  Amy was beautiful and elegant, but she wasn't always what she seemed.Do yourself a favor and don't read any more ABOUT the book, go READ the book now!  You don't want to spoil all the twists and turns in store for you.  This is not a happy or even comfortable read, but it's a fascinating journey you can't stop.
Loved the story hated the ending, it was kind of predictable but still engaging.  A must read! I highly reccommend
Great suspense novel that keeps you guessing.  A little slow in the beginning but stay with it...you will love it.
You won't be able to put it down! Action pack and thrilling to the end.. Our book club read it and we All loved it
well written draws you i to the strory.  you become very involved with the characters. The outcome will amaze all.
Gone Girl was a fabulous read!!  I couldn't put it down!  It kept me going until the very end; very suspenseful!!!
Lots of surprises and suspense, never knowing which way the tale would twist.  I was captured from the first page.
As soon as I thought I had the ""Whodunnit"" figured out, my mind was blown... yours will be too! Must Read.
This book is addicting, I found myself waking up thinking about the book.  THis book is a must read, in my opinion
I'd been warned that this book was ""twisted"" by fellow readers, so of course I had to check it out to see what the fuss was all about. After getting about half way through the book ""twisted"" seemed like the best definition for what was happening on the pages I was turning; but after completing the book-it seems almost an inadequate word.It was a little slow for me to get into at first, as it was a different writing style than I was used to, but as soon as I got into it I was hooked and had to know what would happen next... Right up until the ending, which I hated-but I think you're supposed to. You hate it, but then you think ""that's so very human-and extremely messed up, which makes it even more human.""  I'd recommend reading it if you're into mystery, or love a good twisted tale.
I was hesitatant  to read this book since it was a new author to me and I read mysteries/suspense/ police procedurals quite regularly. They are many times poorly written. At first I was disappointed because each chapter switched from the perspective of the husband, then wife and alternating throughout the book. It proved however to be an excellent choice since the characters were emotionally complex and had been living separate lives internally. This is an enjoyable book and full of some surprises when the reader becomes one of the two characters privy to his/her own thoughts. It is enlightening and simultaneously frightening ! The actual plot is fast moving with plenty of other support characters to make you question reality, facts and devious fantasy. I would recommend reading it as it it put together quite well .
To be honest, when I first began reading this book, I was not all that impressed. Action took a while to set in, but when it did... boy! I sure spent my money right! This is another one of those stories where when you try to predict what will happen next it is never what you thought it was. The suspense and the mystery wrapped me in its cocoon and trapped me there. Gillian Flynn sure did quite the number in this!Like I said before, the only fault I could detect of this book is that the action was slow-coming. No matter though. A setting had to be developed somehow, right? :)I would recommend this to anyone that likes surprises, hanging onto every word, and sitting on the edge of your seat out of anxiousness to know what comes next. Hopefully, you will enjoy it like I did (and continue to do)!
Within the first few pages of Gone Girl I was smiling, settling in for a long read. It’s rare that you slip into a book and think, yes, this author is going to take me for a ride. The book is inventive, the structure of the story is unique, her approach to character development is great. You grow to love and hate (perhaps love is too strong – none of the characters are very loving) the characters, and then you hate and love them in reverse order. And Flynn accomplishes this with a deft hand.There’s been much said about the ending. I don’t think it’s the neat wrap up that I had wanted, but it’s an ending that’s true the story and to the characters Flynn has developed. While I can’t say that I liked the ending, I thought it was perfect for the book. Excellent read that I have recommended to many friends.
Read in November, 2014format Mass Market Paperback (edit)review Brilliant. Once I started reading, was very hard to put down. It wasn't difficult to follow the story and I especially liked the thought process, that the two principal characters went back and forth..a she said, he said type of dialog. As the story unfolds and the wife Amy goes missing, his attitude at the time kept bringing Scot Peterson to mind, the way he reacted in the spotlight when Lacy went missing. Of course one was fact and one was fiction and although some things in the story reminded me of the Peterson tragedy it is quite a different story and outcome. The subject matter is for the mature open minded readers so anyone with a puritan mindset and an aversion to profanity might not want to go here. (less)flagcomment ·
I so enjoyed this book, couldn't wait to finish it. but now I hope  I can find another book that I enjoy as much.
I gave it 5stars because it kept me involved. I did not want to put it down. Those were two sick main characters!
This was my first book by Gillian Flynn and I LOVED it.  As soon as I was finished I ordered her two other books!
All I can say is, this book is a really good read. Start reading early in the day or you'll be reading all night.
This book kept me interested and reading from the moment I picked it up.  I would classify it as a good thriller.
SPOILER: For those of you who said the ending was unsatisfying, I know what you would've wanted to happen. But Gillian ended it BEAUTIFULLY, I think; because that's how life is. There aren't always happy endings where justice is served and the bad guy is defeated. Sometimes the bad guy wins or we're left with the illusion that the bad guy got what he or she wants and that's OK. That's life. Plus if Amy didn't end up getting most of what she wanted (definitely not everything she wanted because she ends the book by saying that she really wished Nick wouldn't have said what he said), then all that time spent crafting her into a brilliantly ""Psycho Birch"" would have been wasted. She was an evil genius. You hate her but you can't help be amazed by her ever churning brain power. Loved the book...left me in awe.
The best book I've read in the past couple of years.A ""whodunit?"", or rather, ""did he do it?"" with constant twists and angles and insightful descriptions.Love the writing style. The characters were constantly developing and changing. Each half of this troubled couple constantly juxtaposed against the other. Just fascinating.Because it didn't garner favorable reviews from everyone, even being so wildly successful, I was prepared for the ending perhaps not being what I, and I expect all those disgruntled others, wished it would be.But the final two sentences quickly ended the impending doom of the novel not being tidied up so neatly. Just had to laugh out loud after reading the end. Gillian Flynn redeems that impending doom with one last bite of humor. Hurrah!
This book was great' lots of twists and turns. I can not wait to watch the movie and hope it is as good as this.
Most definitely should be read before seeing the movie.  It grabs you and holds on till the very end!  A classic
A little disappointed in the ending but over all  an amazing book. Looking forward to reading more of her books.
The ending just shocked me to annoyed! But I would recommend this book for fans of mystery/crime novels. Read it
Intense and gripping. Wow. I couldn't put it down and the ending keeps me wanting so much more. Sequel?? Please!
I enjoyed reading this book.  It held my interest to the very end. I am now reading another book by this author.
You read some books on the bestseller list and you go, hunh? Not this one. Gone Girl deserves its place in the pantheon and will be on people's lists for years to come.The greatest strength of the book is neither its intricate plot nor the devious interplay between the characters; it's the language. This author has more than an ordinary gift. She can make the words jump right off the page and bite you with their truth, and with dark humor. Zingers can be found on every page. Reading Gone Girl felt like a weekend on some hallucinatory drug. It made me queasy at first, then just one long high that kept getting more and more intense.More than 5000 other reviews have been written before mine, so I won't bother to summarize the plot. If you read just one book this year, read Gone Girl.
I just felt the need to add some perspective to the  NYT review the includes the comment “Readers who prefer more virulent strains of unreality…”The plot is dramatic and taken to an extreme, but not by so much that it  strains credulity.  People like Amy Dunne  do exist, and this book nails the feeling of frustration of those who have been destroyed by them and are left to watch helplessly as they continue to con and charm an unsuspecting world. For anyone who has been involved with a psychopath this book hits close to home. For those who dislike the ending: Yes it’s not satisfying, but it is exactly the way these relationships usually wind up.Brilliant in its story telling and ratcheting up of tension, and disturbingly accurate in the portrayal of flawed and disordered people.  A must read
I absolutely loved this book!  Once I started, I hated to put it down when I had to do something else.  This is so well-written, and such an engrossing story.  It keeps you guessing for a while, then you can't wait to see how things turn out.The writing is witty and brilliant.  One of my favorite lines reminds me of the way my sister and I talk, trying to be funny.  Nick is talking about a conversation he had with a police officer, where Nick had used the word ""scrapping,"" and Nick says to himself, mocking the cop, ""Scrapping?  What is this scrapping you speak of?""  That just cracked me up.  Also, many of the pop culture references and movie quotes were a very nice touch.This is the first Gillian Flynn novel I have ever read, but it certainly won't be the last.
This is a real page-turner -- I read it over the course of 2 days and was fascinated by all its twists and turns.  Just when you think you know what's going on, something happens to make you see things differently... and again, and again.  The main characters are ""crazy"", but as ""every jest has some truth in it"", this tale can make you think about your own relationships and those of others you know.  Isn't there often some degree of pretense, of hiding some of who we are, no matter how close the relationship?  Can any husband or wife truly ""know"" each other?  People often argue violently, but don't usually cross the line into actual violence.  But there is sometimes a thin line between sanity and insanity.  These characters live on that line, and they take you on a wild ride.
Kept me up and on my toes  nothing predictable....would and have told others also ... now I can watch the movie
So many plot twists that you never see coming! Once you think you have it figured it out, it switches up again!
A gripping, edge of your seat, page turner. I didn't see the end coming. I will be reading Gillian Flynn again.
A thriller from page one!  I love this author and would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good mystery.
It takes a while to get into, but once you do it is hard to put down. It keeps you in suspense the entire time.
I really enjoyed this book, I could not see where the story was going and I liked that, I like being surprised!
When I first started reading Gone Girl, I will admit I was wondering what all the hype was about. As I got further along I was really interested in the characters and I needed to know what was going on and how the story was going to play out. THEN I got to part two “Boy meets Girl” and my mind was BLOWN. I could not believe the plot twists and I couldn’t put the book down. Flynn really did a good job at not hinting the plot twists to the reader all the while making you feel totally involved in the unraveling of the story. A lot of people are upset about the ending, but I think that it just showed the severity of how dysfunctional every bit of the relationship between Amy and Nick was. I loved this book and I would recommend it to any one who wants to get wrapped up in a juicy, messy, thriller!!
I picked this book up at a grocery store as an after thought because I heard it was going to be a movie.  I initially thought, based off the premise, that it was a murder mystery story.  It turns out that it was a great psychological thriller on par with Fight Club, Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and American Psycho.  The two main characters are so well developed that you care what happens to them even though they are terrible people.  The twist in the middle in which it turns out that Amy is a complete sociopath was ingenious.  My only gripe is that the ending was completely unsatisfying.  I don't want to spoil anything, but I felt there should have been a better resolution to the story.  That wasn't enough for me to take away a star.  I highly recommend this book and I can't wait for the movie.
Loved it! It really kept me on the edge of my seat! I would definitely recommend this book! Crazy crazy crazy!
Gone Girl is a page turner with a surprise twist at the end!!!  Extremely entertaining and a very quick read!!
I loved the book. It was thrilling, but the ending was not satisfying. It left you itching for something more.
Gone girl was well written and a very suspenseful thriller all the way to the end! I can't wait for the movie!
Slow start, I  thought I had it all figured out and than the end. Was I wrong.  Stayed up all night to finish.
If you have a weekend to kill, this book is perfect! Couldn't put it down. I was skeptical at first but wow...
Wow! Wow! Wow! This book is simply amazing! I can't remember the last book that played with my mind and shocked me! I think it was last years ""Before I Go To Sleep"". I don't even know how many times I said ""only one more chapter."" if life didn't get in the way, I could have finished this alot sooner. It was like reading a twisted version of the Scott Peterson case. I'm still not sure how I feel about the ending. I think I need time to just think about the whole thing. What a great book though! I will say, this would make an AWESOME movie!Edit: I read this in June 2012 and you know what?! I still think about this book constantly! It still wows me! I am always looking for my next ""gone girl like book"" and so far I haven't found one as good as this. Definitely an all time favorite!
First off, let me say that I am a fan of the mystery/suspense/ thriller genres, which is why I could not wait to read this book.  However, Gone Girl is like nothing I have read before!  I absolutely could not put this book down to go to work, and when I did, all I could think about was getting back home to read some more!The characters were fantastic, the dialogue was witty and brilliant, and the story was unique and clever.  It was strange though, you never really knew whose side you were on; you never had a clear hero or villain dynamic there (which I found both unnerving and refreshing). I also loved that I didn't know how it was going to end! I throughly enjoyed this book and would definitely recommend it.
What. In. The. World. This book!!!!! I've read so many comments about how messed up it is and how the ending is ridiculous. I've had a million theories as I've read. I've thought about it constantly. It's shocked me left and right. It's made me never want to get married. Ever.There were parts where I guessed what was happening, other bits that blew me out of the water.The writing was fantastic. I felt everything these characters felt. Kudos to the author.The only complaint is the way it ended because now I'm just trying to figure out what happens next.I'm giving it five stars because I feel like I can't go any lower. When a book messes with your head this much it deserves the top rating. Good gracious.Yeah, never getting married.
Just two pages into this book, I could not stop reading! I neglected my email, text messages, and Facebook!! I had to know what was happening to Amy and Nick. Just when I thought I knew what was going on, this clever author fooled me, over and over again, to my pleasure, I must say. Kept me riveted until the very end. Not only was the plot exciting enough and intriguing enough to be made into a movie, (Reese Witherspoon and Bradley Cooper perhaps?) but the writing was superb! Gillian Flynn is a master of turning a unique phrase, expressing ideas in ways that are so original and fresh. I rarely pay for a Kindle book, but it was well worth it in this case! Read this book and you will not be disappointed, whether you are male or female!!! This book is what makes reading so totally enjoyable!
A book that can't be judged initially, as this may sound sexist I read the first 50% and thought, it sounds like a girl author and not a good one like Amy Hampel, but a high school aged poor me fool that has yet to experience anything outside the confines of her poster covered and sparkly butterfly adorn world. Then the book opens up and your forced to see how well thought out it is. At each turn you find yourself ten steps behind the author always thinking you know what will happen next only to turn a corner of conclusion and find yourself wrong. Each step the characters take are carefully thought out, each moment they are carefully placed into a corner and the story remains air tight. But the end of the book you have to say, this writer, her mind, she really could get away with murder.
I read this book during the summer and am just getting around to writing a review. For me this was the most exciting read of the year. The story starts with 2 characters about to celebrate their 5th wedding anniversary. However, when something happens to one of the character the story starts a long path to a mind blowing twist.I do not want spoil any of the plot for would readers but simply give this book a try and it will leave you with an odd feeling after reading it. I know it sounds cliche but I could not stop reading this. This was the first book I read by this author and after I read this one I immediately bought Dark Places and after I was through reading it I bought Sharp Objects. I am certainly a fan for life of this terrific author.
I am utterly speechless by this work and don't know, how should I construct this review of mine which just lacks the appropriate vocabulary to embrace this piece of excellence by Flynn! The story is about Nick and Amy Dunne, who had some recent ups and downs in their marriage but on the evening of their fifth anniversary, Amy suddenly dissappeared! What could have had happened to her? Does Nick even knows his wife?Though it kept me awake all night and on the edge regarding the ending of the story, I had no idea that such twisted tale will have more twisted ending than anyone could ever imagine. I think, after Ward, Flynn has definitely succeeded in keeping my interest in this book!Commendable job! Readers please engage with the text and please read it to the end!
I don't normally read thrillers but I had to read this one as I felt completely out of the loop when people kept asking me if I had read it. Glad to say it completely lived up to its reputation and was one of the most original and intriguing books I have read for a while. The story of a dysfunctional marriage Gone Girl shows us just how messed up most of us really are but don't probably show it. In this book we see the consequences of what happens when people show their true colours. There were also lots of subtle but very clever lines scattered throughout the book that made me feel that Gone Girl was much more than just a thriller, it is a social commentary. Would love to be able to write something like this myself, that appeals to everyone but is so much more than another page turner.
After months of reading YA and supernatural books in the vein of Sookie Stackhouse, I was craving a grown up novel that was literary, but exciting and easy to read, and I found it. This book kept me up until 2am last night, and got me so wound up with its twists and resolution I'm having trouble going to bed after finishing it tonight. I can't wait to read the other books by this author- the writing is excellent, the characters, even supporting, are well-balanced and easy to relate to without being ""like me,"" the way chick lit characters can be, or purely sympathetic or reasonable. They are complex characters caught up in thoughts and actions tangential to mine but let run away, and they are fascinating. Read the beginning and see if you like it. It would probably be great on audio too.
At first, I did not like this book.  Although well written, the writing is full of dialogue and is cold and stark.  With that said, it fits the book! In addition, the characters seemed pessimistic and depressed.  The saving grace early on was the mystery set at the very beginning.  I kept wondering what the hype was about.  All the raving reviews surprised me, and then...Hold on to your hat!  It is like going white water rafting, and you are in dead water for awhile.  You know that something is going to change but do not know when or what.  Then the rough waters show themselves, and the exhilaration begins.  Engrossing! Demonic! Sociopathic!  Even though some reviewers hated the end, even that is a twist!  If you feel like me at the beginning, just have patience.  The ride will be fun!
Since the story has been well covered by other reviewers, I won't rehash it here.  Why I liked this book so much is the twists and turns.  Not only in the story itself, but also in the minds of the two main players Nick and Amy.  The reader gets into the heads of both of them and this reveals how many psychological issues they both have, Amy more so than Nick.  The multiple monickers Amy gives herself is a nice touch....Amazing Amy, Diary Amy, Ozark Amy and so on.  Can you say schizophrenia?The complaints about the ending being a let down are unjustified IMO.  While there is no complete conclusion where a bad guy gets his or her due, it was enough to make me draw a conclusion and still leave enough open that if there is a sequel, it will be worth reading.  Loved this book.
I have to admit, the first part of the book dragged and not a whole lot happened.  From the beginning we know the wife is missing...and the unraveling of events seems very predictable and ho-hum.  You think you have it all figured out.  Part 1 drags... BUT STICK WITH IT!  As the book goes on, you are given new bits of information that leave you thinking ""Oh!"" as a light bulb goes off in your head.  By Part 2 of the book, I was thoroughly engrossed and could not put it down.  The book takes you in a completely different direction and you can't even fathom where the author is going with it.  The book begins moving very quickly, and the end of each chapter leaves me dying to know what will happen next. Brilliant!
Good read and definitely hard to put down. The twists and turns keep coming and stay with you when it's over.
A very good read, the story keeps you guessing, amazing what two unhappy people can do to each other. Thanks.
Great read. It is of those books you MAKE time for. Very much looking forward to reading more books by Flynn.
So good I couldn't even put it down while on the beaches of Jamaica! Great book, definitely keeps you hooked.
This is the best book I've read in quite some time!  It is so full of twists and turns that I found it mesmerizing.  The author is extremely creative and I cannot wait for her to release another book (hope she's working on one)!  I've read ""Sharp Objects"" and ""Dark Places"", both are good but ""Gone Girl"" is outstanding.  As other reviewers have noted, it's hard to review this book without spoiling the surprises but let's just say that it's a marriage gone wrong and there are two sides to every story.  It's also a great example of how terrible we humans can be to each other, even the ones we purport to love. I was ambivalent about the ending but the rest of the book was so good that I can't stop raving about it!  If you love mysteries, you must read this book.
Read this for a book club.  There was a wide range of opinion - some of us really liked it, and others thought it appalling because of an cruel self-centered central character, but we couldn't stop talking about it.And that's the key to this - there is enough moral uncertainty, combined with an amazing series of plot twists that it is both a page flipper and a book that makes you think.I won't recap the plot, as so many have already done, but will mention that in addition to the main story, there is a great deal of social commentary about contemporary society that seems spot on.  Yet it is just woven into the thoughts of the main characters, so that only as you find yourself thinking about the comments later that you realize how skillfully they are woven in.
The storyline in this book is so messed up that I found myself thinking how nuts it was and at the same time how much I liked it. I couldn't decide while reading if I should be on Nick's side or Amy's side; which made this an even more interesting read.It was so messed up and crazy that I literally couldn't stop. Nick and Amy are probably some of my favorite book characters. They're both intelligent, surprising, hilarious, and certifiably nuts. Go is a great character as well. Can't wait to see this come to life as a movie![*SPOILER ALERT*.... KINDA]Amy is actually a psychopath.... and I liked it. Made me feel like everytime my husband calls me crazy for nagging him about something little that I could say that he's never seen crazy wife. haha.
Did he or didn't he? I was sucked in from the beginning. Poor sweet amazing Amy. The ending was very creepy!
good book, out of the ordinary, not what you expect, well written, smart, keeps you on your toes, quick read
I have no words to explain how different and amazing this book is.  In my opinion ""Gone Girl"" is number one!
This book gets you hooked from the beginning! It has a good story line and is easy to read. Hard to put down
It took me awhile to get through this book, so when I finally had some down time which was on vacation, I took it to the pool and boy, was I blown away ! This dark engrossing novel is going to be a smash in the film version coming out next week, just cant wait to see how she changed the screenplay to fit the director's version .. the casting seems very good, too especially in seeing how Ben Affleck and N. Patrick Harris square off for Pike's affections, as present and past loves.  Entertainment Weekly has already given the film an A. The film was filmed 35 miles from my home town, which is also my college town and I even heard one of my old high school teachers is an extra in the film, may have to watch it in the theatre and when DVD comes out, take time to scope him out ..
You will experience many of your emotions about the characters' actions in a visceral way.  As a result, you are going to be really ticked off, surprised, no SHOCKED, by the sharp turns - courtesy of Flynn - in the story. Just be prepared for a roller coaster ride!!  Women: maybe don't read it at the end of your cycle (I am a woman so please don't be offended), if you tend to be a tad more sensitive at that time.  Men: well I believe you guys have your own version of a ""cycle"" (maybe it's not controlled by a 21 day pack - Lol), so the same advice goes to you.  Oh and be prepared to have outbursts, similar to ones you recall your mother having while watching soap operas/telénovela, or your dad while watching football/fútbol. *Or vice versa on the mom/dad roles.  :)
Gone Girl is definitely a story of plot twists as you go from loving to hating and back to loving the hero.
Did he, didn't he. Did she? Where is she? Keeps you wondering, keeps you going. Didn't want to put it down.
Twists and turns that had me changing who I was rooting for by the minute. Really hoping there is a sequel.
This novel was more fun to read than anything I can remember.  It was a great game to be trying to second guess the plot, and nearly always be surprised with something far more clever than I could have imagined. I loved the characters, as despicable as they are--they are three dimensional and, somehow, believable.  Gillian Flynn is a masterful writer, so reading her work is delightful. I was expecting to be disappointed at the end, either by a plot that wasn't reconciled or merely by the end of the fun I was having reading this; but the ending was so spot-on perfect that I was fully satisfied.  This is the kind of book that makes me wish I were part of a book club so I could start discussing it with others.  Flynn gives us so much to think about, so much to talk about.
I had wanted to read this book for a long time. Gillian Flynn is a fellow Chicagoan and I had the privilege of meeting her at Printer's Row Lit Fest in the city a couple of years ago. There was much buzz about the book then and I was sorry I hadn't read it at the time  --- because I would have loved to ask some questions. Finally having read it, the book was extremely clever and well-written - unlike anything I've ever read before. The two points of view it was written from provided a great deal of intrigue which really kept the story going. Despite knowing the plot line, I am anxious to see the film once complete. Also written by Flynn, the film is being directed by David Fincher, whom she has said is her favorite director and will star Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike.
FANTASTIC book! I think one of the reviewers said it was like ""Scenes from a Marriage meets Alfred Hitchcock"" , I'd add with a bit of ""Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolf "" meets every bitter married couple you've ever met who make jokes about how unhappy they are-the kind of jokes seething with a dark humored disdain so you're not sure if they are really kidding or if they might just kill each other one day (holy run on sentence!). Anyway, it's a mystery around the missing girl but it really is a great look into what can make or break a couple (expectations, fantasy vs. reality, etc)...and it's pretty funny too. Just go read it, you'll love it! First book in a long time that I pulled a few almost all nighter-s because I just had to read what happened next.
I wonder about the author's mind that she could put together such a plot. Great job. Couldn't put it down.
Keeps you guessing till the very end which I liked.  I look forward to reading other books by this author.
Wow a real page turner!  Amazing how the minds of People can work.  There can easily  be a  follow up book
I was up til 4am, reading this book.  I could not put it down.  I will be paying for little sleep all week
Best book I have read in awhile.  It was full of twists until the very end.  I am now a Gillian Flynn fan!
I have not yet finished it but I am enjoying it very much.  It is hard to put it down.  Very well written.
Definitely kept me on my toes. After one twist many more started coming out making the book hard to let go
I loved the theme. I loved the way the author mixed diary entries with regular dialogue to tell the story.
very compelling. even though you may figure it out you still want to know for sure. love a twisting novel.
I read this book in two days; had to force myself to put it down and come up for a breather.  Great twist!
I read this book when it first came out, before it became so famous. The book stood out because of the perfectly flawed characters, Nick and Amy, and the way the story is presented from both of their conflicting points of view. Nick tells the story in present tense, and Amy's point of view is provided through type of diary narrative. For those who haven't heard the plot, Amy goes missing and Nick poses for the media as the distraught husband. He's hiding the fact that their troubled marriage is full of escalating secrets, and that Amy, a self-obsessed former child star, is capable of taking her need for attention to the edge and beyond. The author reveals secret after secret and maintains the tension of the mystery through the entire book. I definitely recommend!
A incredibly well written book, this has to be one of my favorites. It leaves you guessing and second guessing throughout the entire story, and the feelings you had about these characters in the beginning most certainly change throughout the book. You'll constantly be changing your mind about how you think the story will end, but you won't know what really happens until the last page. The best part is how real these characters are; there were several times I could've sworn I was reading a real event.. that I could just hop on Google, type in their names, and see their story on Fox News. By the end, though, you'll be glad they aren't real, because their dramatic story is very f*'d up. I couldn't put it down, and I'm very excited to see the movie come this October.
I can't understand the few negative reviews other than the reviewersare strange people.This is a great, modern piece of literature. It reads likea fast-paced thriller; while keeping you engaged through tothe end of the last page. And the ending was done extremelywell. I get annoyed when an ending is weak after reading agreat novel. But, unsually this ends with just the right words.At first I didn't buy it since I thought it was a chick-book.No 50 shades, thank you. I'm a businessman, guy's guy. Someone told me itwas not that at all. I proceeded to purchase, and in hindsightit was worth every cent, since its entertainment value is so high.Great wishes to one of the newer super-star writers...
Before I begin to rave about the book, I want to say that I listened to the first half of the book. It was hard to stay focused because it is written in diary format. But I am so glad I stuck with it and read parts during lunchtime...... Boy did I really get into it after that!!Holy crap! This book had so many twists and turns that my mind is still spinning. AWESOME work Ms Flynn! WOW!!! When I thought I knew how it was going to end, you took me on a whole new twist!!! It is no wonder this was one of Goodreads best mystery books of 2012! I RECOMMEND THIS ONE TO EVERYONE!!! It is guaranteed to leave you totally awed!& can I just say that Amy is one twisted, dimented psycho bitch! What she did with that wine bottle was just beyond belief!
5 ""I can't believe that happened"" StarsThis book has been out for so long and it has been on my TBR list forever. Now with the movie released and me still waiting to see it til I read the book, I figured I better get started.The writing of this book was brilliant. I totally went along for this very wild and twisted tale. Things happened that I could not have fathomed and it really saddened me that I found myself so interested in and pulling for people that just did not deserve it.Throughout the story there are some really great characters and although I don't support the hero or the heroine, the characters are well written. I really am excited to see the movie now and see how they can bring this crazy story to life.
Like the title said, I loved reading this book.  It was the very definition of a page turner....couldn't wait to see what was coming next.  I especially liked Part 2 of the novel when a new narrator steps in.  He/she was so delightfully hate-able, but sooooo hilarious (and filthy...seriously, if you are offended by naughty language, don't read this book).It's hard to review a mystery/thriller, since anything you say could be considered a spoiler.If you like a twisty turny story filled with characters that can be difficult to sympathize with, I think you'll enjoy this book.  As for the ending, it's not what I would have wanted, but I suppose it fit (sorry for the vagueness, if you want more detail, I could go into it in the comments section).
Full disclosure: I read this book to appease my fiancé because the movie comes out in October.Now, I'll admit I'm not a huge fiction fan and only dabble in the category if something catches my eyes. No pun intended. However, this book had my eyes super glued to it by the end of the first chapter. Page by page I churned through this book and enjoyed every minute of it. As I read I couldn't help but develop my own crackpot theories into what actually happened. I'll just say that I think I over analyze things and should never be a detective. The ending left me satisfied in the sense that after I read the last sentence I closed my kindle lid looked up and gave one of those nods of self satisfaction.You should read this book. That is all.
Isn't it interesting how much damage two people can do to each other over time. A great piece of writing!
Lots of unexpected twists and turns! Just when you think you know what is going to happen it will change!
A real page-turner - not the usual ""who dunit"" book - will keep you cheering up to the last page!
It kept  me glued to the book.  It sure was nuclear!  She was one crazy women, but crazy smart.  Read it!
More than Tom Wolfe's BONFIRE OF THE VANITIES, which used to hold my prize for THE GREAT AMERICAN NOVEL, Gillian Flynn has re-produced America in dramatic and enjoyable fiction -- crumbled marriages, insane tribal conventions, a truly sick media, and a system of justice that defies logic and the law. In exceptional language and gut wrenching insight, Flynn has created characters that mirror everything wrong with our world, our lives, and our relationships. The people who detested this book are the people who created it -- sick, stupid, and savage -- for GONE GIRL is nothing if not a mirror. Look deep inside the glass, people. We're all there. What a read!I'm going back for her other books, and will purchase everything she ever writes. Wow!
Wonderful storytelling that keeps you glued. Can be read even if you've seen the move, still a fun read.
Awesome!!!  Must read before the movie.  Easy read with plenty of twists to keep you turning the page!!!
Couldn't put it down, can't wait till the movie comes out! Have recommended it to every one that I know.
so many twists and turns! No one can guess how this story will turn out, mind blown. kind of creepy too.
This was a fantastic and very gripping book! I look forward to the the movie thats coming out very soon.
this is the second Flynn novel I have read. Just brilliant. Can't wait to pick up her book Sharp Objects
This is a great book with many twists and turns!  It kept me in complete suspense to the very last page.
This was my first Gillian Flynn novel and what a great read.  I loved the first person narrative with the husband and wife.  This type of writing is not done all that much and therefore I found it very interesting way of telling this two sided story. I will not go into the story-line, many other reviews have already done this so I will just rate the book on its elements (0 to 5 being highest):Protagonist Development: 5Antagonist Development: 5Minor Character Development: 5Storyline: 5Setting: 5Theme: 5Writing Style: 5Overall Rating: 5I do not give many books a Overall Rating of 5 so to me this is a must read!
I finished this book a few days ago and I had to wait a few days to be able to write a review.  I feel so many emotions when I think about this story and the ending.  There is so much thought written into this story between the two main characters, I love that each chapter is different points in time from their different points of view.  You can't figure at first what kind of guy Nick is current time when his wife goes missing, he seems unaffected.  Meanwhile Amy tells the story of how they met and fall in love.  Then as the book continues and Amy's timeline is current you learn so much.  I applaud Gillian Flynn this writing is amazing.  I still don't know how I feel about the ending, not that there needs to be another book just so much left unsaid.
This book is unlike any I've ever read. It is full of suspense and mystery. It is extremely difficult to explain how good the book is, because you just start reading it and become generated in the story. The basic premise is that a husband one day comes home to find his wife missing and obvious signs of struggle. However, that does no justice to what this book becomes. The investigation leaves you literally convinced of innocence and guilt every other page. Unlike many books, I never had that thought of knowing something for sure, ie: ""Well, there is absolutely no way that character was involved at all."" Literally I had no real clue until Gillian Flynn wanted me to have a clue. I would recommend this to anyone in the mood for a new kind of suspense.
I was looking forward to reading this book because so many people have loved it.  I was not disappointed for the most part!  The twists and turns in the books were great and ones that I didn't see coming.  My only hang up on this book was for the hype that it does have I didn't understand why the ending wasn't more.  It felt almost unfinished but in a way it sort of worked.  This is a quick read though as you are always wanting to know what will happen in the next chapter and if he did kill his wife!This is a great crime novel that I could see becoming a good movie at some point because of the hype it does rightfully have.  Even if you aren't into that crime who-done-it sort of novel it also has a thriller element that you might enjoy.
Holy moly cannoli!! What an awesome book!!! I read this book in 5 days, and loved every page of it! I've never read a book with so many twists, turns, truths, lies, mystery, suspense, secrets, psychotic minds in my life!!! This was my first book I've read by Gillian Flynn, and am excited to read her other books. I found myself gasping out loud with each secret that was revealed. I found my mouth hanging wide open as I read on. You really can't tell people about this book farther than what happens in the first 2 chapters, without giving something away. Bravo Gillian Flynn. The ending was so crazy, I didn't want it to end!! This would be a good book club book. AMAZING!!
Wow, wide range of opinion on this one. I for one loved it. I loved the alternating points of view, & trying to figure out who could be believed, & for what purposes.Obviously, many people object to the ending. I guess I can see why people have that opinion, I just happen not to share it. I found the last twist to be great, another act of manipulation worthy of Walter White.I will say that the one would-be suitor who conveniently shows up just a few hours away from where she ended up in MO was more than a little contrived. That part of it jumped the shark for me.But I actually thought the author reeled it back in nicely after that, & again, found the conclusion very satisfying.Can't wait to read more from Gillian Flynn.
A great book that will have you wishing there was more to the story of Nick and Amy Dunne. A must read.
I could not put this book down. It was the best book I have read in a long time. The suspense is great.
You need to read this. It grabs you by the heart! I loved it so much, now I would like to see the movie
This book is incredible! I read it in 12 hours straight. While it is an incredible thriller and keeps you hooked, the book is also a great commentary on relationships and marriage. I loved how the author interweaves the mystery in the plot with a very intimate look at the relationship between the two characters. The plot line unfolds in a way that makes you want to know more, and the nuanced writing about the characters and their lives gets you invested in their story. I won't say anymore to prevent spoilers.The book also highlights the media circus surrounding events of high-interest and has a pretty satirical and interesting take on that.I highly recommend this book! Read it before it is made into a movie and ruined!
This book was just way too much fun - and I mean that in a good way.  I'm taking a leisurely drive down the garden path of the story, when BAM - right in the middle it makes a u-turn and we are on the damn highway doing 90 miles an hour (commonly referred to as a plot twist).  Sweet Mother of Mercy!There is not much to say without the risk of giving up some detail that's best left secret.  Soooo many time I wanted to just take one little peek at the end to see what happens to Nick and Amy.  But I didn't.  I survived the heart pounding suspense and made it to the end of a very satisfying read.I must, must must check out more books by Ms. Flynn
Gone Girl is an incredibly well-written and original page-turner, one of the best I've read in a long time and one that haunts your thoughts long after you finish it. It begs to be read carefully since every word is used precisely and the descriptions articulate truths that will resonate with the reader. It is impossible to put down and each chapter ends with material that forces the pages to turn. I liked the ending and thought it fit the novel's themes and characters, but even if you don't, the experience of reading it is worth the price. Be warned: there is a fair amount of ""R rated"" material and language; it's not a novel for those who are offended by profanity.
All I can say is the stories and the characters are twisted, emotionally and mentally. I like how the author ""built"" her characters through out the book. When I was getting to the part where everything starts to come together and I kinda have an idea what might have happened, I paused to thought that, since the story and the characters were so twisted, the author must had a twisted mind herself to write such novel with such plot. She is truly a talented writer with a great imagination. I like the story, I like how itwas developed and the psychologically thinking behind all that took place in the story. It kept me wondering even after I've done with the book. I look forward to seeing the movie, I hope the movie is as good as the book!
This is my first Gillian Flynn novel - on to the next! Gone Girl is truly thought-provoking at a time when it seems most are just word count strung together more or less coherently. The alternating viewpoints of Nick and Amy, which engage the reader with each character, provide a ""real time"" perspective. The ending will cause shudders through the imagination.A side note which I feel is of particular importance: the editing for Gone Girl is excellent. I rarely provide reviews because there are only so many ways to say ""the book is probably good, but the editing was so poor as to cause massive confusion"". Not the case with Gone Girl. I can totally relate to Ms. Flynn's notations regarding the correct grammatical usage of ""me"" vs ""I"" by Amy.
VERY well written family saga.If this book does not grab you, hold your attention, give you chills then turns your sympathy upside down, then all I have to say is; you are either dead or an ET.( Even an AI would love it.) Flynn has men (no, not all men, thank God) pretty well pegged. Nick is able to learn, the hard way. Amy and he are something else together. Amy may be brilliant, but street dumb, Nick is neither.I switched my sympathy between them several times..  SPOILER OF A SORT,READ NEXT STATEMENT IF YOU WANT TO, BUT, I DID WARN YOU:  I an not real sure about a baby, as a solution, at the end, is a good choice. In the real world the dad would likely disappear.  It would be fun to see baby Amy Nick grow up. So a sequel maybe ?
Definitely deserving of it's status in the Best of 2012.  Gillian Flynn writes with razor-sharp insights into these deeply troubled, hateful but somehow lovable characters.  The mystery is intriguing, the plotting ingenious, the research excellent, but what I liked best of all was the examination of one of society's most revered institutions:  marriage.  As well, the social commentary and satire of America's media culture had me in stitches at times.  It seems the author allowed herself to have a great deal of fun with this novel.  I have already ordered her first two novels and hope to enjoy them.  Although she states that she didn't structure this book to allow for a sequel, I for one beg Gillian Flynn to revisit our deeply disturbed duo.
Gone Girl is dark and Gone Girl is gritty. Gone Girl is about the thing that goes bump in the night, but the monster is actually the person that you love the most and the person you thought you could always trust, but really they’re only out to get you. Gone Girl is about a modern American marriage, which here is synonymous with The Other American Horror Story.For spoilery reasons I feel like it’s almost impossible to discuss the plot without ruining at least part of the story. Amy Dunne is a young wife who goes from loving to resenting her husband with some vaguely good reasons. Nick Dunne is a young husband who goes from loving to resenting his wife with some vaguely half-assed reasons. It spirals out of control from there.
This is the best novel I have read in the last two years. As a psychotherapist, I can say that Ms. Flynn did a excellent job describing a narcissistic Nick and a very intelligent sociopath, Amy. It would be interesting to get women's views on the insights into American men described in Amy's diary. Perhaps some of it is true. High intelligence, creativity and a sociopath personality make Amy (and others like her) so highly dangerous. Poor Nick is no match for her and is completely trapped at the end of the novel. Some have expressed that they would like to see a sequel. Why? I would suspect that they don't want to see her get away with all of it. I can't wait until I see what they do with the novel in the movie coming out on October 5th.
Put one psycho-bitch wife (Amy) together with one narcissistic husband (Nick) and you get one heck of a detonation. Marriage values sure have come a long way...Gone Girl is a suspenseful crime thriller that is absolutely over-the-top intriguing. When the wife goes missing, of course the first suspect is always the husband! In every aspect, the cheating bastard is forever guilty. But wait, just when you have it all figured out, the story comes to its climax, and all hell breaks loose. (It reminds of the movie War of the Roses. Certainly, there is no correlation but the fact that husband and wife stay together with such vengeful dislike, they might as well off each other.) Brilliant story! Absolutely Fabulous! Highly Recommend!
A book that will keep you on the edge of your seat and wanting to see what could possibly happen next!
It was slow at first but started picking up half way through and surprised me in the best way possible
great ending to a book that started off a little slow but built into a great ending , very different .
Don't worry - no spoilers here.  AND don't listen to the negative reviews!  I thoroughly enjoyed this book: the writing style, the page-turning prose, the characterization, and the interesting, thought-provoking plot.  I could hardly put this book down, so it's a quick read.  The ending is surprising, but if you really stop to consider these characters and who they are, you'll realize that the book could not have ended any other way.  The ending is consistent with the characters.  Many of the themes in this book will make you THINK and will force you to evaluate some of the relationships in your life (past and present).  Bottom line? It's entertaining, thought-provoking, and definitely recommended...and I can hardly wait for the movie!
It is hard to put a good book down, but when it is an audio book you can take it with you.  I was grocery shopping while listening to the story. I could not stop. I think I bought extra groceries just to finish the book!This book is full of twists and turns.  It takes you into the mind of a brilliant, but obsessed woman.  She will do anything to have her way. I'm glad I did not marry her ! I expect this book has made me a better husband.  I certainly appreciate my wife even more...The ending is somewhat unexpected, but believable.The narrators did a great job of making the book come alive.I will find the other Flynn novels, and listen to them.  If they are half as good as this one, I will enjoy them thoroughly.
This novel is exquisitely crafted; even the title holds the onion layers of Flynn's prose.What seems so overt on the face of the first fifty pages - a missing wife, with the husband under increasing suspicion (and rightfully so, given the fact that their marriage is in trouble when she disappears, and he's not been the perfect husband), becomes a labyrinth of introspection and insight on the differences between how people are perceived and what they truly are.Many people have complained about the end of the novel, since it isn't tied up in a nice, neat bow - all questions answered, etc. Well, neither is life; people drift in and out of lives, you never know the entire story - I thought it was a perfect ending.
I wanted to read the book before seeing the film, but now I'm unsure if I want to see the film. As a divorced person who has seen how dangerous one-sided emotional control can be in a marriage, this story bright me back to many times my ex treated me such as to manipulate my behavior with his own toxic actions and words. I thought the characters were very well-developed and relatable, especially having been a married young adult. The psychology and social understanding behind the story really make you think about your own relationships and interactions with those around you. Excellent, somewhat intellectual study of relationships and how seriously they can be taken and they can take us. Highly recommended for young adults and older.
This book makes my short list of favorites. The book starts off with a light and witty tone that leads you to believe you are in for a humorous version of some Life Time drama....Shallow, but very enjoyable. Then suddenly you are in shock and caught so completely off guard that you can't do anything but turn the next page as fast as you can. The tone of the story changes and everything you read before turns into something so completely insane you just don't know what to believe anymore! Things continue to get darker and darker and the revelations more mind blowing. I finished this book and could only sit and shake my head with wide eyes and an unbelieving smirk on my face. Shock. This book is crazy, insane, unbelievable.... AMAZING.
The blurbs on the book jacket are all true. This is one of the smartest works of fiction I've ever read. [It lands somewhere between 'Chicklit' and 'Woman's fiction' in that it mocks both of them. It's more David Foster Wallace-ish.] It is funny, very funny, and sad, and mostly true. Gillian Flynn has pretty much figured out the man/woman marriage/happiness thingy. Add to that slick and witty commentary on American culture and the writer's paradox (how much `truth' to tell) and you've got ""Gone Girl."" But, fair warning: If you're happily married you might want to skip this one and just keep up the masquerade. (Note to Fylnn's husband: You've been warned.)
This is such an enjoyable and, at the same time disturbing story. Gillian Flynn is able to go into the dark thoughts and feelings way beyond the surface chaff usually depicted by writers about a marriage. She puts a light on the dark, morbid thoughts and feelings dredged up from primitive infantile aggression that I suspect most of us have but can hardly believe and try to ignore.  And she has created a character who not only has these thoughts, put spends months planning and acting them out. And the idea that it's these lizard-brain primitive feelings that not only exist, but that become the glue that binds this couple together and defines who they are.As a family therapist I find this story outrageous yet believable.
The author starts off slowly, and almost mundanely, with a narrator reading from her diary. Before you are even aware of it, you find yourself being drawn into a black hole of totally unexpected twists and turns, growing darker and more menacing throughout, until you realize it's a thriller you're reading, and you have no idea where it's going. You only know you must find out, and so you can't put the book down.Fabulous writing; author has total control of her subject matter and language (the intricate and complicated plot she contrived plot is dazzling).Only reservation is that I felt the ending was disappointing, didn't work for me at all. It just didn't follow, not logical. Still, totally worth reading.
The story of this book, with its twists and turns is spellbinding. But what I actually enjoyed most about it is the quality of the writing. Gillian Flynn has created a voice for each of her primary characters that is incredibly authentic. Her ability to capture the thoughts and mental outbursts of the character left me feeling completely engrossed in each of them. One tiny negative observation: Ms. Flynn is so clever with the voice of each character, that it sometimes borders on the too clever. These phrases sometimes took me out of the story and back in to my own role as a reader, rather than a voyeur watching something real unfold.AND, this is one the most well-written, most downright enjoyable books I have read in years!
Good book, very suspenseful, it will grave you and keep you till the very end of the book, great read
The best book, EVER ! This is the second time I've read this book & it keep getting better & better !
I could not put this book down! The never ending plot twists. I hope the movie does the book justice!
Well written book that will keep you at the edge. Of your sit.  You will love and hate the characters
There are so many twists and turns in this book it will keep you wanting more! An absolute must read!
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS IVE EVER READ. NOTHING HAS COME CLOSE. CANT WAIT FOR THE MOVIE with ben affleck
I couldn't put the book down. Def a good story, twisted plot. I will read all of Gillian Flynn books.
A page turner that made me flip flop my like and dislike for the main characters over and over again.
It was a lot of fun to read this tense page turner at the same time as my wife of 30 years (with the Kindle edition we didn't have the pass the book back and forth). In addition to being a great thriller, the book is about relationships - how often both partners pretend to be something they aren't in the early stages - how there is always something of a power struggle going on - how well spouses know and try to manipulate each other. I can't say much more without spoiling things, because you definitely don't want to know too much about this book before you start. Since some negative reviews mention it, I want to add that I thought the ending was great and even funny in a perverse way. A really fun read, especially for a couple.
I did not read the reviews before ordering this book as I did not want to get spoiler alerts; however, read most of the reviews after reading it and was quite surprised.  One review theme was the abundance of bad language, something that totally escaped my attention while reading. The other disappointment to many readers was the ending.It is a story of two flawed people (as well as other supporting characters) in a twisted relationship.  As the plot unfolds, neither make good choices, either going into it, or getting out.  Sympathy, from the reader, for each of them flows back and forth.The ending is only the continuation of what they have created.  Like it or not.Oh yes, will read it again!
Really love her writing style and the way she describes every day observations and/or issues in ways that I can only describe as being a little dark, but damn funny and right on the money.  Excellent murder mystery, keeps you glued to the pages, keeps you guessing and on your toes and at the same time a great dissertation on the struggles of marriage. Highly recommend and not supposed at all that Fincher of all people has adapted this novel into a movie. Very curious, being a Fincher fan, on how he'll bring this to the big screen.  Also happy to support a ""local"" writer being that's she currently lives in Chicago. However and after this winter we're having and based in her success, not sure how long she'll stay here :)
Amy, a wife, disappears under seemingly violent circumstances from her Midwest home. Husband Nick grieves awkwardly until he discovers the truth. Then the game is on ... To defend himself and expose the truth about her.In this tightly woven tale of twisted love and revenge, Gillian Flynn keeps the reader enthralled. Just when I thought I'd figured something out, just as Nick did, a new wrinkle would develop to make me doubt myself. Then pages later my original suspicion would be confirmed.Flynn takes the reader on a roller coaster ride with Nick. Told alternately by Nick and Amy (through her diary), the story leaves the reader at times frustrated, disgusted, triumphant, defeated, amazed, and suspicious.
Wow.. ok where do I even start!?? I really don't even know!Ok, so from the first page I was hooked till the very last page of this book it was really, really good. I don't want to use the word amazing and if you read the book you will understand why. The story was twisted ""love"" story I guess. Can you call it that? Nick's wife Amy goes missing and Nick is accused of killing her. You get to read the story from his point of view and Amy also has chapters, things she has written in her diary. ( I don't want to spoil anything).Really, really hard to write this review without spoiling anything! I will say that I am not sure if I liked the ending or not but it fit. Other then that you need to read this book! Was so good!
This book reminded a little of Barbara Vine's work. A psychological thriller that leaves you really wondering about human nature. While the central protagonist, Amy, can seem a little far-fetched on occasions the author manages to make her, and her relationship with Nick, quite understandable some-how. Through out the book it was easy for the reader to understand the nature of their relationship despite the extraordinary circumstances.The author changes voice effortlessly, skipping from Amy to Nick and back again with clever cross references and enough mismatches to get the reader asking questions before they are answered.I think this is a brilliant piece of writing and thoroughly enjoyed it. Highly recommended.
I really yearn for creative writing that makes me shake my head and say, wow I didn't see that coming.  The characters are difficult, calculating and interesting in a way that makes you like them one moment and hate them the next.  I really loved the complicated nature of how they were developed over time.  This was not a predictible book and kept my interest throughout the entire book.  I liked it so much that I read the other two books Ms. Flynn wrote and cannot wait for the next.  Very interesting prose.  Ms. Flynn writes as if I was speaking it or thinking the same thoughts.  With the snarky comments making me laugh at times.  I really couldn't put this down!  Great read, great writing, great other books by her as well!
Love the book. Couldn't put it down. Ending left you hanging. Now I can't wait to watch the movie 😊
it's just as good as everyone says! can't wait for the movie to come out! I'm sure it will be great!
I could not put it down.  Oh my!  Just when you think you got it figured out the story takes a turn.
On the edge of my seat.  Truly one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  A must read!!
COULD NOT PUT THIS BOOK DOWN. IT WAS AS GREAT READ AND A TWIST OF LIES AND DECEIT. A MUST READ!!!!!!
This was the first book I read from Gillian Flynn but it won't be my last. I read a lot of books and typically I finish a book this size in roughly 3 days of sporadic reading. This book took longer. The first part was a slow build. In fact, I am impressed that she held my attention so well considering the pace of the read. But that goes to the quality of the writing. By the second part of the book, it began to move fast. I couldn't put the book down by the end.The story itself was great... Really exciting to read and the plot kept me entertained and interested.  I would absolutely recommend this book to anyone looking for a great thought-provoking book that also happens to be very intelligent and well written.
Spoiler alertAmy is the biggest twitch I have come across in a book in a very long time.She uses, abuses and is a true psychopath being the poster child of dysfunctional in any DSMIV in the world.The time she takes, the trouble she goes to, the extent of her hate.  I loved it all.The reason I loved it is due to the fact that this is NOT a perfect woman.  She takes on role's - The Daughter.The Wife.  The Friend etc but she is none of these.  She is a selfish self absorbed twit.  One I really hoped would bite the dust.The ending was both brilliant as well as deeply disturbing.A brilliant book indeed and one I am very glad a friend pushed me to read.WaAr
My boyfriend actually got mad at me as I was reading this because he could not pry me away, I was too absorbed to think about anything else.  There are three parts... the first part I thought was a great reflection on how two people see their own marriage differently... but after that, I was blown away by the twists and turns the plot took.  The main character, Amy; is the protagonist of a series of children's books that her parents wrote about her; her husband, Nick, had to move home from NYC when his mother was sick.  Amy goes missing in the first chapter of the book, and we watch the police hunt unfold from Nick's point of view as we read Amy's past diary entries.  Believeably written and gripping from the first page!!
Wow, it is not often that I find a book that is on the cusp of popularity and greatness, but I truly think that once the buzz begins, this will be blockbuster.  I stumbled upon this title after reading the ""50 Shades Trilogy"".  I will often put books on my Kindle wish list, but this one I purchased immediately and began reading (ironically on July 5, 2012).  I could not put it down and fell asleep several nights with it in my hands on the pillow.  The characters were maxi-multi-dimensional and the plot thickened with every page.  I fear to say more, revealing too much for those who want to read it (but it was my favorite summer read this year!)
This book is a really good read. I read each night before bed and I could hardly wait until bedtime.I accidentally read it in quarters. The first quarter I was sure Nick did it. The second quarter I was worried that he did. The third quarter, in my mind, is about Amy and her part of this story. The fourth and last quarter is both highs and lows for me. What about the future???????? It kind of made me mad.Gillian Flynn, you are one MIGHTY good writer. You have managed to tell this complicated tale so that it is understandable and believe able. I do think it is one of the best books I have ever read. I am going after your other books now.I don't think this is a very good review but it is a wonderful book.
I love books that hook me from the first page and just get more and more engrossing.  I love books that I can't put down, to the point where I stay up too late and get up too early and read during lunch because I so desperately want to find out what happens.  Most of all I love books that I can't predict, books that keep surprising me all the way to the end.  This was one of those books.I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of the writing, the development of the characters, and even the ever-so-controversial ending.  I've read too many books that ended just the way I thought (feared) they might from the start.  With this one I thought the ending was both surprising and satisfying and to me that was fantastic.
I read this book the first day it was published. I could not put it down and finished it in a day. I loved everything about the book until, of course, you've heard this before--the end. I hated, hated, hated, hated the ending. And originally gave this book a one star rating as a punishment for letting me down so much. However, I quickly came to terms with it and gobbled up Ms. Flynn's other books. Recently, as we move closer to the release of the movie, I decided to read it again, but more slowly so that I could digest more of the plot points and ponder more of its questions about marriage and relationships between men and women. The cool-girl speech was particularly spot-on. I am really looking forward to the movie.
I had heard this was a good book.  I did not see the movie and decided to read the book.  I am glad I did because this book was terrific.  It had so much intrigue and character who were oh so flawed and somewhat loveable but ultimately loathed.  The twists and turn were terrific and the division of book as it was is very inventive.  There are always two sides to every coin.  The ultimate result is not what you expect and that's perfect for the flawed characters who truly need each other.  I am haunted by this book.  Not sure if I will see the movie or not - right now I am in no hurry to do so because I am still going over this book in my mind.  It toyed with my mind and it will take me time to come to terms with it.
This book was amazing. It was the only book that every single member of my book club finished (even before the meeting). At first I was kind of bored with it and hated Nick then I got to around page 200 and it was holt s*** and I could not stop reading. I stayed up all night reading it and went into work with less than two hours of sleep.I don't want to give away the surprise ending but overall both characters were horrible people and completely insufferable. Neither had an redeeming qualities to speak of and I think they made the book fantastic and so rare because you were rooting for either of them to succeed in the plans. I can't wait to see the movie and I've already bought some of this author's other books.
Even though I saw the movie first I loved this book and didn't want to put it down! It's fantastic!
I couldn't put it down ...had to finish to the very end. I am looking forward to the movie with Ben
Gone Girl lays out the catastrophic devolution of a marriage doomed to fail and the evolution of a sociopath to a psychopath.I love it when a writer defines characters so well that you understand their bad decisions. You don't shake your head and think why on earth did he/she do/say that? You know the context. You know the characters intimately, and like it or not, it all makes sense in the fictional world presented to you. Doesn't mean you agree, but you understand. That type of context is incredibly difficult to convey in a 2-hour movie, but I will be seeing Gone Girl when it's released, knowing before I purchase my ticket that it can never be as good as the book. But at least I will have the context.
Gone Girl is a very interesting novel. I thoroughly enjoyed the book, though there was some harsh language that I feel the readers could have been spared. I loved the way the plot took a dramatic twist about a third of the way through. I was feeling like I could predict what was going to happen at first. All of a sudden the twist came out of no where and I was thrown hook, line and sinker into the crazy circumstances brought on by the antagonist. I would suggest this to people who like unpredictability and intrigue. However, the bad language was a bit over done. So if you don't want to read  the ""f  bomb"" you may think twice. I wish movies and books could  curb that word. We could all get along without it.
They say it takes compromise.The marriage of Nick and Amy may never have been what either of them truly believed it was meant to be.Celebration of a Fifth Year Anniversary,  what do you get the woman you no longer love?  What do you do to remind him that he loved you?This is a story that started out interesting and innocuous and turns itself on its ear becoming a twisted thriller and sacry commenatary on life today that you won't be able to put down.I enjoyed the book from start to end although can see where people may find problems with the resolution, I feel this is THE BOOK OF THE SUMMER!!!
Took about 25 pages to get into the book but once I started, I didn't put it down! Excellent book.
This book is so much more than about a marriage or a missing wife. Do you really know the person you love? Nick and Amy have a rocky marriage, no one really has a perfect marriage though.This book is written in a way that sucks you in and won't let go. It alternates between current time Nick's perspective and from Amy's diary. I loved the little mini cliffhangers at the end of each side of the story. They suck you in and make you want to continue reading.I was up all night reading this book. I literally could not put it down. The characters just stayed with me. I had to finish it to see if Nick really killed Amy. I highly recommend this book. It's a great book to discuss with friends.
Well, I finally read Gone Girl. I think I might have been the last person on the planet to read it. Most of my reading buddies had. And so many other books' advertising and reviews claimed to be ""Like Gone Girl"".  I loved it! My kind of mystery/thriller. I love how Flynn told the story---through Nick's real-time thoughts, and Amy's diary and then real-time thoughts. I also thought it was brilliantly conceived and planned...just like Amy's plan.  As I did when reading The Time Traveler's Wife, I kept trying to find a flaw in Amy's plan/story that would trip her up, but wasn't successful.  Hurray and congratulations to Gillian Flynn for writing such a thoroughly good read, and for the success it's brought her.
Gone Girl"" was my first time to read Gillian Flynn and I learned about it from a book review in my Sunday newspaper. I couldn't put it down... it is long and juicy and I put my life on hold to finish it quickly. I was tempted to skip ahead and I was tempted to go back and re-read. I thought it was an amazing roller coaster ride that ""Amazing Amy"" would be proud to take me on and on... It has an interesting cast of well-developed characters and a plot line that kept me guessing to the very end. Nick and Amy stayed in my head and entered my dreams. I was a psych major in college and I think Gillian Flynn nailed it with ""Gone Girl.
Gillian Flynn, author of Gone Girl, takes charge from the first page. She is so skilled and confident that her writing is almost show-offy - but not quite. Her style serves the story well, making this a fun, thoroughly entertaining read even though the plot is dark, edgy, and depressing. Flynn really knows how to get inside the characters' minds - their thoughts and motivations are spot on. The first half of the book moves as slow and deliberate as a wide stretch of the Mississippi River, but the pace does pick up for the remainder of the book. I thought the quality dropped off a bit in the last 40 pages or so, not as tightly edited, but the ending was haunting. I loved this book and highly recommend it.
I loved this book! Unfortunately every thing said gives some of the premise away.Anywho....Fortunately or not, these people seemed very real to me. Well until she went too far. But I understood the wife much more than the husband. It is very easy to see how a chick who was a money maker for her parents, had no feelings for other people. She was revered but never looked at too deeply and never asked to be too much. What I don't get. I really don't get why she so wanted that husband. Even in the end.  But unlike other readers, I thought how it ended was appropriate. This sounds weird but I will say this.... That woman, the character that the author created,  would only have let it end that way.
Gillian Flynn has a brilliant mind. This book is complex and original. I was surprised at every turn. If you have an issue about a writing device used in part one, keep reading, because the problem you are having is resolved in part two.Flynn always amazes me with her descriptions, finding ways to characterize people, places, and events that the average person would never, ever think of. She is a master with words.My only criticism of this book is that I felt the ending went on too long. Seems like it could have ended after the major plot line was resolved-with some unresolved issues to be sure, but still finished. I didn't feel the wrap up of the two main characters was needed.
This was such a fun book to read! I bought this e-book while on vacation in Maui. (The ""e-books"" I had bought and planned to read were actually short stories and were easily finished in an evening)I searched ""what's popular"" in Kindle, saw Gone Girl, downloaded the preview and was hooked!After purchasing the full book my wife and I read together, (on the plane) or I would read to her when alone, (chicks love that).There were several times while on the plane when we would both look at each other with our mouths hanging open in disbelief at some new twist or revelation.As soon as we got home I ordered Gillian Flynns other 2 novels. Even if they are only half as good I'll be happy.
A must read page turner!  I would stay up half the night reading because I could not put it down!
The book lived up to the hype. Plot twist and mind f***ed from the beginning to the the very end.
Had a hard time putting it down. Both husband and wife should be locked. Up. A great read. Get it
I have never read a book that held my interest as much as this did. I just could not put it down!
I loved the unexpected twists to the story! There needs to be a part two to nick and Amy's story!
I am not going to give a play by play of the storyline of this book.  There are plenty of reviews that already do that. You can read what others have written or the details of what the book is about.  I just wanted to give my opinion on the fact that I found this suspenseful book to be one that I could not put down.  In my opinion it is an excellent read that kept me engrossed.  It keeps moving along with no redundancy.  The author did an beautiful job developing the characters. She did so well, at times I wasn't sure I liked them but that makes the story even better.  I am a walking salesperson telling everyone I know that they have to read this book so that is why I chose to write this short review.
I enjoyed this book so much - I was MIA until I finished it!  I was excited when I woke up in the middle of the night so that I could read a few chapters.  I wouldn't leave my house without my Kindle - so that I could read anytime I had a chance.  It was a wild ride with twists and turns that I never expected.  I am in awe (and a little frightened) by the authors' imagination - and would be a little worried if I were her husband!!  The intricate plots were so carefully concocted - so dark and devious, they were intoxicating.  It was good that I didn't fall in love with ANY of the characters, so that I could just go for the ride and not worry about who won out in the end.  I highly recommend this book!
Wonderful in every sense. Let me explain. The story telling is flat out brilliant. The characters are real, in  which you can identify.  Some characters in this book have you thinking, I've met someone like this before.  I have dated a real-life sociopath. My only saving grace was, he was not a planner like Amy. Almost the opposite, instant gratification. Didn't like waiting. I believe the ending of this book is fitting.  It couldn't have been something neat and tidy. The ending,  just is...... Ask yourself something,  Isn't this ending just like life? It just is, then you move on in a different direction, trying to reinvent yourself, knowing you are still that same person all that stuff happened to.
Whether you love or hate Nancy Grace and all the other shows that delve into missing people and murders then you'll love this book!Gilliam Flynn expertly writes in three different voices.  One view from the diary of the missing wife, Amy, another view in Amy's ""live"" voice, and the view of the husband.Throughout the novel these points of view are woven into a believable story of what happens when boy meets girl and they play the mating game.  What happens when the marriage falls apart and if anyone can survive it.Love this book!  I couldn't put and down and didn't want it to end.  It is one of those rare books that will stick with you long after you've finished it.
A nearly flawlessly plotted novel, and a haunting, dark meditation on happiness, adulthood, love and marriage. Do we ever really know loved one? Is that even important to a ""successful"" marriage? Do we even know ourselves? Or are we just a long series of a charades set against a moving backdrop of TV-inspired cliches that we always try to emulate? The questions don't stop there, and they are unsettling and urgent as they are asked through the gripping plot developments of this psychological thriller. Is love a gift or a curse? Is it a verb or a noun? Are we better people if we think we'll be killed for being less than our best?Damn, this is one of the best books I've ever read.
My mind is seriously reeling right now! I have been twisted forward, and back now I am not sure which way is up! If the upcoming movie is half as good and twisted as this book then hoorah!A wife goes missing, the husband doesn't have an alibi and he has a huge secret, a crime scene that looks suspcious and a whole situation that stinks! You automatically assume that the husband is guilty. Remember what happens when we assume!Amy Elliott Dunne is smart, too smart! Nick Dunne is the smart, stupid man ripe for the picking.This is a topsy, turvy tale that will leave you wondering if you really know the person you are married to. Question everything, believe nothing!
This is one of those books that leaves you thinking.  How the author brilliantly unveils the truth behind a husbands and wife's less than perfect relationship.  It is not predictable by any means.  As I was reading the book I continually envisioned certain outcomes all of which turned out to be false.  The research and depth into a troubled, yet brilliant persons mind must have been deeply study and investigated while writing the book.  It starts off slow but half way through I couldn't put the book down.  I do not read books too often, but if I had to recommend one that would be worth investigating the time while keeping up with a busy day to day schedule this would be the one to lose sleep over.
I was hesitant to read it, given all the mixed reviews, but I am glad I did.....this is not your typical happy ending story....I sure hope there is a sequal coming....Amy is one twisted character and Nick could be any of us just caught up in a web of a ""pshyco bi***"" It was very well written and just when you thought this is what might happen next, you are totally taken the other way around! In the first part of the book, I did have the feeling that Amy was not all that she was telling us! Come on - I am a very easy going person, but the stuff she says she let her husband slide with, does not happen in a real marriage! This is not a ""brainless"" book nor an easy read but it is a must read for sure!
Want a real page turner for the beach? Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is the book for youGone Girl is Narrated by Nick Dunne and his wife, Amy, in alternate chapters. The story begins when Nick and Amy lose their jobs and move from New York City to Nick's hometown of North Carthage, Mo. and into a McMansion. No one is happy--especially Amy. When Amy disappears, Nick is the obvious suspect.In the beginning Amy seems almost perfect but then cracks begin to appear same with Nick.If you're reading a book you can't put down, Kindles are great you can tuck them in your purse and be on your way.
I know I'm the last person on the planet to read this book, but sometimes it takes the release of the movie to get my butt in gear because I refuse to see the film without first reading the book.  It's my personal philosophy and I'm sticking to it.  Anyway, the book.  It was amazing.  Any author who can make me simultaneously love and hate two characters is a master at her craft.  I love Nick and Amy, I hated Nick and Amy, I wanted to kill Nick and Amy.  Flynn's writing style is totally approachable and unassuming which I love.  My only critique... the ending.  I know WHY Flynn did what she did, but that doesn't mean I need to like it.  Still 5 stars because it was without a doubt a great book...
This story caught me up and took my imagination on a long and twisting road.  There is nothing that is what it seems to be, and about halfway through the book I started wondering about my own powers of perception.  The characters are compelling, and deeply complex.  The author's writing style is almost conversational, and written from the viewpoints of the main protagonists.  These two are locked in a passive-aggressive battle, and I kept turning the pages as their stories peel back the individual layers of history.  It was very hard to put down, and lingers after turning the last page.  I would like a follow-up book, because real closure is not provided.  Does one ever really know their spouse?
This is a great book and she has two other all three are well written and have surprise endings.
Reading the book before the movie hits . Holy Smoke!! So many twists and turns. Its a must read.
Kinda hard to get into at first and then I couldn't put it down! Hope the movie does it justice.
I couldn't put it down.  This is the kind of book that makes you NEED to know what happens next.
Great book. Slow at first but gets where you don't want to put it down. Great book. A Must read!
This seems to be a really polarizing book! Most times when I read, I want my heroes and heroines to be people I'd want as friends. You don't get that in this book. But what you get is a talented writer who gives you details that put you into the place where the story takes place and into the heads of the people in the story. There are some weak points with plot, like the female protaganist opening up to strangers when there was no valid reason for her to do so. And -- mild spoiler -- the end isn't so convincing, to me at least, because it seemed to me the hero gave in too easily. But these flaws can be overlooked because no book can be perfect. The writing is where this book has its strength.
I had already watched the movie, which I enjoyed except I was very frustrated by the ending. I guess, without including spoilers, I wanted to see if the book was more convincing about why the husband would end up where he was by the end of the story.  I loved the writing of the novel, it was detailed, fast paced, descriptive and intriguing and once I started I really didn't want to stop.  I still don't like how it ends, and maybe I just wish there were a sequel so there could be hope that this wasn't the end. Anyway, if you like characters who are screwed up and complex, gritty, real and yet unlike the people in your life, you hope, this is a compelling, entertaining and well written mystery.
I love this book - it has excellent characterization (even the minor roles), which really adds to the story without feeling inundated with pointless fun-facts.  I saw the movie first, and hadn't heard of the book until then, but it does a better job of building the story (as books typically do).  Gillian Flynn does an amazing job of painting a picture that keeps you guessing, lacing the story with witty humor and relatable current societal references, and of course the dramatic plot.  I'm not typically one for a ""mystery novel,"" but this book is truly a favorite.  I read the whole thing on vacation of my kindle, absolutely could not put the thing down even while tanning on the beach.
Some of the best fiction I've read in a while.  Started it on the weekend and, well.... there went the entire weekend because I couldn't put it down.  Well paced, well written story of a marriage gone from heaven to hell in a few short years.  It's pretty dark so may not be for everyone, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  A look into the mind of a scary but brilliant sociopath.  I suspect there may be more than a few women out there who will read this book and secretly fantasize ""wish I'd thought of that.""  The difference between a sociopath and the rest of us - we only think about it.  I would love to see Ms. Flynn write a sequel to this because there's a lot of story line left to tell.
Gone Girl starts out as a mystery...seemingly perfect couple, married 5 years, beautiful wife disappears.  It's a wild ride from there, and it really keeps you guessing.  It ends up becoming a character study of truly psychotic behavior.The book makes you think about how much importance society places on appearances and how significant public opinion can be.I understand the negative reviews...some people need a hero that they can root for and that is almost impossible to do with these characters.BUT...the writing was exceptional.  It was though provoking and highly entertaining.  Completely warped - in a good way!  I have never read anything quite like this.  FANTASTIC!!!
Great book. Starts of a little slow but has a great plot twist that is unique to any other book
Gone Girl"" is a masterfully crafted novel by an extremely talented writer  I found myself at times holding my breath and not wanting to put the book down.However, I am not terribly sure that I'm glad I read it!This book is not for the faint hearted.  It is a dark, twisting walk through the corridors of a very bad marriage and it is impossible to finish it without being affected.The psychological aspects of this story reach out and pull you in and make you wonder if it is possible to ever truly know anyone.  READER BEWARE!!!
Gone Girl is one of the best crime/mystery novels I've ever read.  My office book club chose it for our April selection and had a marvelous time discussing it.  The style it is written in, with the alternating points of view, is so unique.  Everyone in my book club had a hard time keeping our lips zipped until everyone had finished it - you really can't say anything about it for fear of spoiling the surprises for other readers!  Can't wait for the movie; however, I've heard that the ending has been changed for some reason.  I hope not, as the book's ending was completely consistent with the character development.  All I can say is, if you haven't read Gone Girl, you need to!  Loved it.
There are two writers that, in the words of Stephen King, are unsurpassed in their ability to ambush the reader; to lay suspense-ridden traps for you.  They are Ira Levin (Rosemary's Baby) and Cornell Woolrich (The Bride Wore Black).  To these must be added Gillian Flynn.  ""Gone Girl"" has some genuinely stunning surprises embedded in a terrifying story of betrayal and manipulation.  It's a lot like Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? meets Presumed Innocent.  I finished it in one long night of reading.  It's just that un-putdownable.
This is one of the most engaging books I've read in years! Reminiscent of Patricia Highsmith's Ripley series, Flynn keeps you engrossed from start to finish. Being that person who virtually always figures out the denouement  of books and movies before their end, I appreciated being kept guessing throughout  the book. I savored this story for a couple of weeks of evenings, though all I really wanted was to read from start to finish, in one long sitting.While some say the book's conclusion was disappointing, how else could a novel about complicated human relationships have ended but ambiguously, thus a lot like real life. I hope Flynn writes a sequel to this very satisfying read!
Gillian Flynn is a true mastermind!  Gone Girl kept me guessing with every chapter...who killed Amy? Is she even dead? And then later, came the acts of a truly psycho wife.I enjoyed seeing this story from both sides. Both characters were well developed. Even after finishing the book,  I still cannot decide if Nick is a victim of a very angry and vindictive wife OR does he deserve all that came his way?  All the while,  seeing Amy's perspective helped understand the thoughts and the ""why's"" behind her twisted mind.Highly recommended for those who seem to figure out the plot line early in the game. This book will keep you  guessing until the last page!
It is ""Amazing"" how Gillian Flynn can write with great accuracy the two-sided aspect of a person's psyche.  We all have them...the darker side and the public-normal side.  The character Amy Elliotte Dunne, artfully created by Ms. Flynn, depicts the brilliant, beautiful, sympathetic persona of a psycho bitch; seamlessly displaying this two-dimensional personality. Nick Dunne, an absolute cad of a husband, eventually becomes the sympathetic, misunderstood victim readers want to see be avenged for what was done to him. This kind of character development requires skill and commitment to details.  Gillian Flynn has honed these skills, creating another great read to get lost in.  WHEW!!!
Great read.  I could not put this down.  I really like how it was written in both view points.
Loved this book. Keeps you guessing. Couldn't put it down.  On to the next Gillian Flynn book!
it was a slow start but picked up on intensity till the point ,I needed to know whats going on
What a good book. Had me on the edge of my seat. Highly recommend it.  I Couldn't put it down.
I devoured this book, and since reading it, I consider myself a big Gillian Flynn fan.Flynn's writing style is superb, the structure of Gone Girl is unique, and the plot is riveting. The story and its ending are terrifying, especially because the characters and their lives appear so normal and mundane initially.Without spoiling anything, I'd say the characters are psychologically fascinating and Flynn offers a unique portrait of a sociopath via unreliable narration.Highly recommend for readers who love a thrilling mystery. Not recommended for those who only prefer a happy love story. And no, the ending is not a happy one either. Disturbing? Yes.
I loved this book.  There are surprises in this book that are just great. The surprise in the middle of the book, was not expected at all. The one thing I loved about this book is the ending.  I was waiting for the author to end the book one way, and when she ended how she did, it blew my mind.  I just loved it, and most authors would not have the courage to end it how she did.Please note, that Gillian Flynn does not have likable characters in her novels.  If you are a reader who likes the main character to be noble, wise, funny, and compassionate, I recommend that you do not read her novels.  If you want realistic and flawed characters, then she is the author for you.
Most engaging and suspenseful novel I can remember reading. I liked Nick and was sorry his wife was taken? Left him? I got to know Amy through her diary -- odd, over eager good wife. And then the story lifted off. Was I confused by an unreliable narrator or manipulated by evil people? I let the book take me on a terrifying, grief stricken, outrage inducing ride. I wish I could read it again.  Many threads fraying and not one left unwoven at the end. If I knew Ms. Flynn personally, I wouldn't turn my back on her. Her attention to detail reaches the point of obsession and held me enthralled even as I was trying to trip her up.  Masterfully done, Sharp Objects or Dark Places anyone?
One of the few thrillers that lives up to the hype. I did not want it to end.The characters are all very richly drawn, fully dimensional and your sympathies swing somewhat wildly between the two leads, Nick and Amy. Until you get into the cold heart of the story and everything is turned upside down! Darkly funny indictment of the current style of ""trial by media and popular opinion"". Skin-crawling creepiness from all directions.In all fairness, I'd seen the movie version of this tale prior to buying the book, so some of the key surprises did not surprise me-- and yet, I could not put the book down. Gillian Flynn's engaging writing style was an absolute treat.
I don't even like crime stories or mysteries but I heard the hype about this book and said what the heck, i will read a sample and then move on. I couldn't stop reading it, i ended up getting it through the library so I could listen to it in the car on a long trip, and it had me enthralled, questioning and being exasperated, and wondering who to route for and who to hate, and then the wild crazy twist at the end caught me by surprise, it was a wonderful neurotic read and although it was dark, there were so many moments of acknowledging how crazy we all are and how love can make us nuts. I now have to find another book that whisks me away like this one did....what a great read!!!
This was my first ebook, and I just could not get into reading on a computer.  I had this ebook for a year and read the first 3 or 4 chapters over and over.... When I heard the movie was coming out I knew I needed to finish it!  So I grabbed the tablet and of course  it was dead, something that wouldn't happen if I were reading a real book.. Well, I charged it and then over the course of 2 days couldn't put the book down.  I swear I had to read the first page of the second book several times because I couldn't believe what I was reading.  This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  LOVE the twists and turns.  I will however, be going back to reading real books  :-)
I'll start by saying the content and style of Gone Girl are not my typical cuppa tea—I'm not a mystery reader. I'm not a thriller-kinda person. To be honest, peer pressure made me read this book (not really, but all of my friends were, and it came highly recommended, so I caved). I can honestly say that Gone Girl is one of the best fiction books I've read in a long while — it sticks with you. It calls to you from you bedside table. It makes you turn off the tv to flip page after page. It tells you to leave work early to finish each chapter.Part One is amazing. Part Two is better. Part Three you never saw coming.Read this book. You won't be disappointed.
This is a wonderful, inventive story about the heady beginning of a relationship and the progressive decline of the ensuing marriage. Nick and Amy are complicated and often twisted characters who are well-suited to Flynn's descriptive writing. The plot turns are gripping, and although the characters are not always likeable, they are always compelling and entirely unique. I loved the sheer creativity of the story, and though the ending is not neatly wrapped up, I wasn't disappointed and couldn't picture the book having a different ending. The cast of supporting characters, especially Nick's sister Go, are equally interesting. Flynn is a wonderful writer in a league of her own.
Loved this quite scary story of a seriously deranged marriage ..... Excellent twists and turns to the (maybe) murder mystery from the two points of view.Many people disliked the ending, but I thought it was perfect for the book's characters.  If you insist on having some comeuppance for the bad person, don't read this - you won't like it.Kind of Spoiler, that you just won't get without reading it all - Nick becomes a dancing monkey.  While I hate that for him, its the just way it happened to end up for this fictional couple.My only dislike at all - the character Margo is called Go - strange and kind of annoying - I wish she had been named Sue or Mary.
A real roller coaster read! This is one of those ""I gotta get up at 2am and read some more"" books. My 2am reads end up lasting until 4am. I must admit, between 2am and 4am, some of the intricate details in this book get lost in my foggy early-morning brain. You just can't put this book down. You blame Nick....then you blame Amy. I now plan to read this book again - during daylight hours in order to digest the details. Begin the book and you are immediately consumed - you are there, watching the ""movie"" in the recesses of your brain ...  and, occasionally looking over your shoulder to be sure you are alone.  I will read this again, then, I will view the movie.
Wow! You should read this! Rarely if ever am I surprised at the plot and its progression in contemporary literature. I never wanted the book to end. The relationship of highly calculating individuals, hopes, and misfortunes - miscalculations - everything planned out by the writer so perfectly, you will think it all took place at some point with people she knew. You might also read your own thoughts, stolen or borrowed from a collective mind, that were not ever said out loud. You will catch yourself sympathizing with the wrong person, only to realize there were never a right one in the plot to begin with. Looking forward to her next book. Though doubt anything will beat this.
Great read, I couldn't out it down!! I am excited to see the movie! I don't want to type more
Had me at the first page! Very witty writing and twist and turns all over the place - DUG IT!
'Gone Girl' is an extremely well written novel about a wife who has suddenly disappeared.  It soon becomes clear all is not what they appear to be; both the husband and wife are not nice people.  The author does a stellar job on keeping the reader guessing as to what exactly is going on.  The structure of the book, the prose, and characterizations are uniformly excellent.  My only quibble, which seems to be shared by many reviewers, is that the ending is somewhat disappointing.  But this is only a minor detraction from what is otherwise an enjoyable reading experience.Bottom line: a very unusual story of a marriage made in hell, handled well by a gifted author.
This book gives new meaning to ""can't put it down.""  With characters you love to hate, the plot twists and turns are amazing.  Yes, the central characters--one in particular--are sick people (both protagonists and antagonists in one) and no, you won't relate to them (if you do, perhaps you should be committed), but everything still feels, well, real, somehow.  The ending has gotten some negatives from readers, but I liked it.  The breathtaking finale was masterfully conceived and written, and not the cliche TV movie ending that some readers might prefer.  Go read it and know you are in the hands of an author who knows how to tell a story and creep you out at the same time.
I enjoyed this book with its psychological twists and turns. Fun characters that were easy to get to know. I lost sleep until I finished it. I might have liked a different ending but I am not sure what it would be. Two things about the book drove me nuts:1. Amy purchased a car for cash so no one could trace her.  In whose name were the plates? Did she just not transfer the title?2. I am not sure that an invetro clinic would impregnate Amy without the consent of her husband and a lot of paperwork and time. Did she pick up the fertilized eggs when the clinic was ready to destroy them? Did she keep them frozen at home and impegnate herself with a turkey baster?
When I first read the book description, I passed it over. No thanks, not my thing. But with the movie being released, the book was once again brought to my attention and I downloaded it to my Kindle. You guys ... OMG. I really did not think I would care for this book - I was oh so wrong. I am antsy and fidgety and on the edge of my seat waiting to see what's going to happen next. Gillian Flynn has woven an intricate and intriguing plot line that makes me want to stay up all night and finish it - while at the same time willing myself to put it away so it won't be over too soon. This is one of few books that I would rate well above five stars if the option were available!
Fiendishly clever and constantly surprising, this novel is the blackest comedy about marriage imaginable (actually it's unimaginable).  As it winds toward its close, the satire becomes more and more obvious and acid-tinged, and while the comedy certainly makes you cringe rather than laugh, anyone who doesn't catch a distorted disconcerting carnival funhouse glimpse of him or herself and spouse is fooling themselves. GONE GIRL breaks every contract that usually exists between author and reader and does so with panache; it's as manipulative as either of its main characters, and the reading experience may just help explain what it is that Nick and Amy see in one another.
Gone Girl"" is nothing short of amazing!  I loved this intriguing, fast-paced tale that lives up to its rave reviews. A love story, horror story and life story rolled into one huge tragedy.  Amy is beautiful, cunning and beyond manipulative.  Loved and worshipped by her doting parents, Amy lets nothing stand in the way of her perfectionism until she meets Nick, an All-American boy from Missouri.  Life with Nick demotes Amy to a status that is too ordinary, too mundane for this writer whose entire life has been revealed to the world in a timely and disciplined manner.  ""Gone Girl"" may be Amy's most amazing story, or is it?  Only Amy and time will tell.
This was the best book I have read in a long time! It had more twists and turns than I ever expected and this is what I loved! It had more than one jaw dropping twists and turns! This book will keep you enthralled from beginning to end! I listened to this book on tape and each day I could not wait to begin my long commute to and from work just so I could continue listening to this riveting story! Gillian Flynn is an eloquent writer. I will definitely read more of Gillian Flynn's books! If you saw the movie, please do yourself a huge favor and read the book! It was so much better than the movie and people (not me) say the movie was great! Nothing compares to the book!
I loved this book, and I even loved the ending which many seem to criticize. It is fascinating to me when an author can tell a good story and weave so many other elements into the book.  It is so rich especially if viewed through multiple lenses.  The way the book is written you are tossed around mentally and psychologically so that you almost feel psychotic yourself.  The end was clever, completely fulfilling well maybe not, but I don't think the author intended it that way.  The reader feels the same uneasiness and angst as the characters.  Did you really want an Amazing Amy ending...and if so does that make you any better then Amy's parents?  Just a thought....
While you may have heard this book is a thriller, a mystery, soon-to-be a major motion picture, and all your friends are reading this, what you may not have heard (and what your friends haven't said since they're nose-deep and turning the pages very fast) is that this is a beautifully written book. The character descriptions are enthralling. The voice of each is distinctive. You are drawn in, not just by the plot, but by the artful writing. Usually with page-turners I just want to find out what happens in a oh-please-hurry-up-and-tell-me-thank-goodness-that's-over-with style of reading.  I was truly sorry for this book to end and thought about it many days after.
I know a lot of people didn't like the ending, but I thought it was perfect and thought provoking.I like a book that still has me thinking about it a week, two weeks, a month later.And when I read my next novel which seemed impossible, and 3/4 of the way through, I thought I hate all the main characters and I would be happy if the book ended with me hating all the main characters, so long as they stay true to form. The book ended reasonably happily - but I think it would have been better if it didn't.I'm happy the next book I read ended in the normal satisfactory way, but I will forget it tomorrow. But I won't forget Gone Girl.
For the first few chapters one has the impression of a naive, spoiled girl of a woman.  Then one meets the strong, affable, loyal husband.  But, these things change drastically.  Stick with this novel.  It's beginning is a tease and might give you the impression of shallowness.  Hang in there.  By the end you have been treated to plot twists that you would not have predicted and writing that is very tightly crafted.  Your feeling about the characters will change drastically. You will come to see those first impressions as shadows projected onto a dark wall.  Like all horror stories, this one is deeply disturbing and it accomplishes that with a minimum of gore.
This book was so much more than your basic thriller.  There is enough action in the plot to keep you more than interested, but the characterization is also phenomenal.  It's not a serious read, but it's more than your basic fluff novel.  I don't want to give too much away, but basically, the book keeps you evaluating both the husband and wife who narrate the novel.  You can never quite be sure if they're being honest or what they're keeping from you.  Only from seeing both sides of the story can you get a full understanding of the plot and characters.  I highly recommend this book!
I really enjoyed this novel, although I'm sure I would have liked it even more, had I not seen the movie.  The development of the main characters throughout the novel was strong, as more was gradually revealed about each, often upsetting your notions and judgments about them. The presentation of Amy through her diary, and the back and forth with Nick's thoughts and feelings helps give what you think is an accurate perspective. The secondary characters, who are not always static, add to the conflicts Nick and Amy must face.  The story will keep you intrigued till the very end.  If you've seen the movie, but haven't read the book, you're still in for a treat.
I'm a book snob.  I generally like 3 genres -- depressing, funny or some sort of social criticism.  I get nervous if a book becomes mainstream, especially if it's likely to be sold at the nearest Wal-Mart.Gone Girl is the new ""hit"" book, debuting at book clubs around the US.  Its accolades include the NYTimes bestseller list & upcoming cinematization starring Reese Witherspoon.  I finished the book in two days.  It's clever & griping, ping-ponging the reader between two fully-developed narrators.  I have mixed thoughts on the ending, but thoroughly enjoyed the journey.100% recommend spending a weekend with this book[...]
Excellent craftsman, storyteller, magician with words. Amy and Nick's story is truly horrifying. Their story takes Thoreau's famous quote (""Most men lead lives . . .) and trivializes the sentiment to the point of being merely ridiculous.Has anyone been more desperate than Amy and Nick?It is a good read. A magnificent creation. And horrifying (I keep coming back to this descriptive) beyond apt appreciation. That two people now exist, even in creation, is frightening beyond comfort. THIS is what writing ought to do, take us to another place, another opening in the filament we never knew existed, and leave us after dropping us in.
This was my first Gillian Flynn novel, but now that I've read it I can't wait to read her other books. The story and characters are so intricately dark and mysterious, the plot so compelling, that I couldn't stop thinking about it when I wasn't reading.Some people dislike the ending, but without giving anything away, I think it fits perfectly with the characters that she has already set up, and I really can't see it ending any other way.If you're on the fence, but interested in the Fincher adaptation coming out in October, do yourself a favor and pick the book up. There's good reason Gillian Flynn has been compared to Stephen King.
This is not my usual type of book.  I got it as an audio book because I kept seeing it on all of the bestseller lists, and a friend recommended it because she really enjoyed it.  I have to say - it is not at all what I expected.  I kept listening and could not stop.  It is really surprising how the book unfolds, and I did not see the twists coming.  I just bought the two earlier Gillian Flynn books because I was so entertained by this one.  It is not for everyone - there are graphic violence and sexual content that may be inappropriate for some audiences.  Overall, I found it difficult to put down, and that is the highest compliment I can give for a book.
Keeps you on your toes!! The first part was rather slow but keep reading....it's worth it.
Great book. It was hard to put it down. I will definitely read other books by this author.
At first I wasn't too excited to read this book, when it became a best-seller. I had just tried to read the previous best-seller, 50 Shades of Grey, and wasn't at all impressed by it - such a bad writing. So I passed on this one for a while, thinking it shouldn't be a big deal either, despite being a thriller. And, to be honest, I don't really like to read thrillers. But this one is amazing. The way the author constructs the narrative and the way she always ends a chapter making you linger on to read the next one. One tip: Don't read it in bed if you have insomnia. You'll probably want to finish it that same night (I did that and finished it in 3 days).
I got this book a few months ago when it was $5 but I didn't end up start reading it until last week. But once I started, I was hooked! I started this book hating Nick, and comparing him to Scott Peterson when I would talk about the book. But at the second half of the book, I loathed Amy. I could not put the book down though!I don't get how people can say they hated the ending though. I loved it and even find myself thinking of how Nick and Amy would be NOW. If they would be divorced or still miserable together, if Amy would sabotage her son's friends or anyone else. I like that it didn't end on a happy or somber note, but on a cliffhanger.
Gillian Flynn has written a novel of marital dissolution in a novel way by presenting both sides of the story in alternating segments.  What you don't know is that one of the accounts is a fiction created to further implicate the other.  The ""mystery"" revolves around the disappearance of the wife, and there are so many twists and turns you may think you are in a labyrinth of classic complexity.  Gillian Flynn writes with a charged brilliance, electrifying the story with sharp dialogue and clearly defined characters.  When you come to the end of this roller coaster ride you may find yourself unable to think straight while you ponder what you just read.
The plot twists were amazing and unpredictable. I kept guessing who was telling the truth. The effects of parents on their children was a big theme as well as the change between a perceived relationship and a real one. In the beginning section of the book, I thought it was a novel exploring the changes a relationship goes, from ideal to realistic and the two characters showed the wrong way to adjust to the real person. The way it ends, I think absolves the failures to make a marriage work. I hope wording it that way doesn't give away the ending. The author did great writing in the voices of the different characters at different times of their story.
Gillian Flynn's third novel, Gone Girl, is an exquisitely twisted dissection of marriage, love, the malleability of identity, and the scourge of the media as it seeks to fuel a 24-hour news cycle. Flynn's structure and pacing are nothing short of genius as she parcels out the bits and pieces of the lives of her husband and wife protagonists through alternating first person chapters. Her prose is beyond perfection and magnificently displays the characters' personalities, pulling the reader into their relationship with all its ups and downs. There are turns in this novel that, to reveal here, would be absolutely criminal. Bottom line: Read This Book.
This book is fantastic. The writing is what drew me in at first - as I knew the story was going to be interesting at least. The characters are relatable and even though they are pushed to extremes there are still passages that everyone can associate with. I would highly reccomend this book. The only downside is that it went by too fast - even though it is a moderately lengthy 400 pages and it is really hard to find something to read after it as nothing seems to measure up.Overall very fast paced book that actually continues to surprise you to the very end.
This book has so many twists and turns. I kept trying to figure it out. Just when I thought I had, something happened to show me I was wrong. I love being able to read these books, for the kindle, on my PC. Thank you Amazon. For me, it is so much easier than holding a Kindle, or a book. I have become an avid reader, once again, thanks to Amazon. I love that you can preview a book, to see if it is going to interest me, before I buy it. The prices are always right and the delivery is instant. Back to the book, I couldn't wait to get to the end. But, I didn't want the book to be finished. It was so good!!  It was the best mystery, I have ever read.
This book was an excellent read.  When I first started reading it, I thought ""Agatha Christie"".  But the further I got, I decided it was more ""Hitchcock"".The story opens with a young couple getting ready to celebrate their 5th wedding anniversary.  The husband leaves for a few hours, and when he comes back, he finds his wife is gone and what appears to have been a scuffle, has occurred in the house.  The rest of the story reveals (in a very clever manner), how the couple got to that point in their relationship, and then what happens over the next several months.  I highly recommend it, especially if you love trying to figure out a mystery.
Although initially filled with patriarchal bs, Flynn hit the mark with this book. A recommendation from a friend, I was pleasantly surprised at the depth to which the plot went. The twists were amazingly unpredictable (no pun intended). Her writing style was excellent, but more than that, her story felt relatable, as if possibly someday I could fall into a situation resembling this horror story. The middle of the book was a bit too long and drawn out, but the depth to which each character went for revenge made up for that fact. The author definitely achieved my hatred of all of her characters by the end... http://showthisbooksomelove.tumblr.com
I've read this book twice and I've seen the movie. The more I read this book, the more I love it and Gillian Flynn. She is one messed-up woman!! I don't know how her husband sleeps at night!! This book is incredible. It's so well planned. There are tons of intricate details and the way they come together is fascinating and terrifying. I love the character development. You really get to know Nick and Amy intimately. I can't express how good this book is. It's a sick, twisted thriller that kept me up at night reading feverishly both times I read it (about a year apart). The movie is excellent, too. I definitely recommend reading the book first!!
First, I saw the movie. Then because I loved the movie, I decided to read the book. I have to tell you, the book is great even when you know how things are going to come out. That speaks for a well-written book!  I reached the turning point in the book - which I knew was coming - but I was still floored and I could not put the book down after that.  Some details from the book don't get into the movie, of course, but the movie was very well done.  And if you liked the movie, the book is more intense - especially in giving you Amy's point of view.  Given what Amy does, I don't see how the book could have ended any other way. Brilliant writing.
I am a lover of a clever story that is told well. Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl was certainly that. The story kept me turning the pages. She has created a story line that proceeds with numerous, unexpected twists and turns. As Gone Girl unfolded, I just sat back to enjoy the two protagonists and their tragic but believable world that she so intelligently created for them. Towards the end, I began to wonder how it would end. I wasn't successful with my guesses but in no way unhappy with her ending. It just confirmed my opinion of her intelligence as a writer and her respect for her story. I'm already reading and enjoying one of her earlier books.
Brilliantly written with so many twists and turns. Keeps you on the edge of your seat with fantasically unlikeable main characters! this is definitely a 'must read'. Depicts the ugliest parts of the human psyche and yet we are rooting for one of these people by the end. a real psychological drama. Concentrate hard as you read though because there are so many small yet important details. Don't want to give away too much of the story but begins with a husband discovering the disappearance of his wife but this is so much more than a 'whodunnit'. By the end we do not know who is good and who is evil. Can't wait to read this author's other works
For the first time ever, I'm left speechless after finishing a book. Brilliantly written but with characters who I truly, truly despise. Hicks has managed to find the dark side of humanity, of couples, of people supposedly in love, and twisted it into a story that grabs you and haunts you, even after you've closed the book for good. Though I admit to skimming parts (Flynn's style is a bit too wordy for my taste), I could NOT put GONE GIRL down. There is a reason Flynn is a NYT bestseller. This is one of those books that I'll remember forever and think -- I wish I'd written that -- which would be followed by a cold shudder. Haunting, indeed.
i have never read a book written in this manner, with this type of plot.  i was literally transfixed and had difficulty taking myself away from it for my daily haftas since i was desperate to see what was going to happen next.  everyone character is twisted and to say much about anyone would possibly be a spoiler so i'll just say it you are a fan of eerie books that  aren't generic spookies, and you want something different from anything you have read,  if you think way out of the box....go for this one.  then go on to ""sharp objects"" and the strange and other-worldly camille.  not much freaks me out so i just wallow in this stuff.
Wow - I loved the structure of this book. I'm sure all the readers have a feeling that the diary entries aren't exactly accurate. But the extent of it is amazing.Is this a page-turner? Absolutely.Does it have interesting characters? You BetchaDoes it have unlikeable characters that feel real? Oh yeaMy one gripe with the book and it isn't really a grip just me being me. Lie Detector test. Yes, sometimes these aren't admissible. But they are a tool law enforcement uses and the lack of it in the book seemed strange.I enjoyed this author so much I've already started reading another of her books.
This book was hard for me to put down. It was very well written. The characters were very captivating.  From the beginning it will lure you in, leaving you wanting and needing to know how the story will end!  Many say that they didn't like the ending, however I disagree I think that this book was brilliantly written and did not end the way the average person would have expected it too, which is one of the reasons that made it such a great read for me.  I love the unexpected.  I am a busy wife and working mom with not a lot of time to read.  Investing my precious time to read this book was an absolute treat and well worth it.  Great book!
Saw the trailers months ago and realized that as the movie was closer to release, I must read this book.  Saved it for vacation and wow - was not expecting the roller coaster ride that is this brilliant book.  Just when you thought you knew what was going to happen, you're blindsided by yet another twist or turn.  It is absolutely a memorable book, worth reading and will certainly be in my top ten fiction books (among which are Silence of the Lambs and The Stand).  If you haven't read it yet - do it now and then see the movie.  In my opinion the movie was an excellent depiction of a complex story with flawed and fascinating characters.
Having recently finished reading Gone Girl, I think it is worth pointing out that those who are unhappy with the ending consistently cite their desire for punishment of the guilty party(ies). The ending was good, it just didn't fit with the Western style ""good triumphs, evil is punished"" ending that Judeo-Christian audiences demand and are given in countless books, television shows, and movies in the US. Like a good Law and Order episode, you have to accept the fact that sometimes there are no perfect solutions to a problem, and at times evil may indeed be victorious. If you can accept that, then you'll enjoy the book (and the ending).
I really enjoyed the Novel ""Gone Girl."" Particularly the live activities by the husband then reflected against the writings from his missing wife. The plot kept me glued to my Kindle page and near the end, I was rooting for the wife as she finally realized that to have any kind of a relationship with her innocent husband she had to kill an old classmate and make it look like self defense. Her husband suspected something else and they were both cautious knowing that anything other than self defense would have ended their relationship that they both now wanted to keep. I was happy with the outcome feeling that they were now ok.
Really enjoyed this book.  My first time reading Ms. Flynn, and i will read more. Her abiliy to switch between voices chapter to chapter is very impressive.  The fact that she wrote the screenplay for the upcoming film has me interested to see it.  I did figure it out before the midway point, but that is not really the point of the book, and probably not that big of a feat.  The psychological battle between husband and wife is common enough ground that anyone that has been in a long term relationship can easily identify with the material, if not the level to which the battle is taken.  For sheer entertainment value, highly recommend.
Brilliantly written mystery love-story. Full of surprises, it starts as one story, changes its tone, then changes it again. Written through the eys of both the wife and husband, we begin to wonder who the guilty party really is? It is very hard to put down this book, not only for its suspenseful plot-line but for Gillian Flynn's poetry of words. She also manages to tap into some brilliant home truths about relationships and gender battles. The only thing that bothered me with this page-turning thriller of twisty shocks, was the disappointing fizzle of an end. Nontheless, fabulous read and I would definitely read more of Flynn's work.
It's hard to write a review of this novel without spoiling it.  Let's see, it's Sly, Devilish, Nerve-Wracking, Original, Imaginative.The plot is mostly solidly believable, so much so it should come with a WARNING:THIS BOOK MAY BE DETRIMENTAL TO YOUR MARRIAGE, particularly if you suffer from Bellicosity, Duplicity, Perfectionism, Quotidian Nagging or any other condition which has, within the past 12 months, led to the the precipice of Divorce.This is just a great novel I had to keep reading and reading until I finished.
Literally the words out of my mouth at the end. Twist after twist. This story is well written. I loved the perspectives of each character. Began to hate them both, yet love them for their mind's at the same time. Genius. Had me trying to think of what was next to come. Definitely got me at the end. Which I noticed in others reviews, they were ""disappointed."" Yea, it's called a twist. Go read disney if you want a typical ending. If you want a good murder, mystery, love, story, THIS IS IT. I found myself wanting to read more non-stop. Finished in 3 days. Well played Gillian, well played. ""Just one olive.."" I'm excited for the movie.
When I started reading the book, I didn't understand the hype.  I was like, ""What is this??""Then, the biggest plot twist of them all comes in the middle.  If you started the book like me, keep going.  It's worth it.Pros:-Original, first of it's kind.  Expect mediocre copycat's to follow.Cons:-Like the other Gillian Flynn books, I find the ending somewhat incomplete.  It leaves you wanting more, and a lot of things just hanging.  I guess that's the point, it's the glimpse inside for a second.  But, it's somehow incomplete in your mind.  Like, story is over, and... got nothing.
There are so many layers to Gillian Flynn's Best- Seller-Turned- Major- Box- Office- Breaker.It engages you from the very start, and like the best crime stories- it gives you everything you need to know without actually giving it to you. You might think you see where it's going, but even if you have an inkling- you have no idea what you're in for: the sheer depth of the characters' psyches hits you right in the guts, throughout all the novel. It's an amazing read, and- more astoundingly, especially for a mystery novel- it's one you can read, re-read, analyse, and read again, simply being astounded once more with every  read.
I thought this was very well written.  It jumped from Nick's perspective to Amy's perspective flawlessly and really helped you understand each character equally.  You cannot disclose too much with this book as not to give away too much.  The author really took a disturbing event, and made it even more disturbing.  I really liked the way she wrote the relationship aspect of the two main characters.  It really seemed believable and life-like.  There are many twists and they are given at precisely the right moment.  It was a quick and easy read, and I am sure most people who decide to give it a shot will not come away disappointed.
AWESOME! Not sure why I chose this book. I recognized it as the source for a film I had seen ads for a while ago. I had no desire to see it, based on the ads. But I am so glad I bought this book. The characters are well-developed, and the story is presented in such a clever way, that I had to keep reading to find out what would happen next. So many of the books I read are simply stories, with minimal complexity. This is one of the rare ""novels"", that I think deserves that mantle. Characters are consistent and understandable. The plot is well-crafted, and compelling. Kudos to Ms. Flynn for a job well done. Read this book!
An extremely well-crafted psychological thriller; it held my interest from the first word to the last. And there are a lot of words in between. I recall hearing that it took Flynn four years to write this book. Given the very complex plot, it's easy to believe. But glad she took the time so that there would be no loose ends. The only thing that felt weak was the ending. It seemed to pop up suddenly while I was still deep inside the complexities of the characters' behaviors. Flynn's ability to create tension as a result of those behaviors is a testament to her ability as a writer. I think I'll have to look for more of her work.
If I said that Gone Girl was a surprise,an electrifying, suspenseful, twisting roller coaster ride of a thriller, those words might describe Gillian Flynn's tale of two characters and a marriage quite like none I could ever imagine. At times I felt aligned with ""Amazing Amy"" and wondered why I am still ironing my husband's shirts then I cheered Nick 's fury and hoped that he would find a way to kill Amy long and torturously. I am already looking forward to another of Flynn's books. Her characterization is amazing and totally believable. If vulgarity offends you, however, you might want to skip ""Gone Girl."" I am glad I did not.
One of the best books I've read in years. Really enjoyed the different perspectives of the twisted, layered story.I couldn't wait to see the much talked about movie, I was a little over halfway with the book when I saw the film-just past the biggest twist (without giving anything away). After watching the story on screen, it only made me want to hurry back and get to the pages-the movie was a fantastic adaptation, but I knew a lot of the characters internal psyches were not able to translate to screen. For me it made the reading the last half of the book even better!If you read one book this year, this is the one!
It was fun becoming immersed in this page-turner.Like many novels it requires suspension of disbelief (obviously nobody is going to be arrested for murder after their wife is missing for a week or so - no body) but it was worth it because the book was so engaging and entertaining. The story had two (often unreliable) narrators - the husband and wife - and I got a kick out of the husband (Nick) who was a first person male narrator the way a woman would perceive the thought processes of a man to be. I'm used to male writers writing as female narrators; but this character was uniquely gratifying (and well wrought).
I hate when people simply continue to state everyone else's review so I will not give a plot summary. This book left me shaking my head wondering what would happen next. Each time I thought I so proudly had it figured out the plot would do a 180 degree turn and suck me right back in. I will say the story is as powerful and twisting as the Mississippi river. I was a little dumbstruck at the way it ended but it stayed true to form. It was one of those books that had me staying up until 1:00 a.m. to finish reading it. I couldn't stop.....I just had to know. I think it is a must read thriller not to be dismissed by bad reviews.
I was totally engrossed by this story. I found myself hating the characters, yet I was still invested in them, and by the end they all kind of won me over again. The story and all of its twists are insane and outrageous enough to resemble a Law and Order SVU episode, except that it's REALLY well written. The quality of the writing is superb and the narrator(s) acknowledge how far-fetched the storyline starts to get, which lends some credibility.I did not see the ending coming, either. I feel conflicted about it since it wasn't the ending I was hoping for, but the fact that it surprised me was really satisfying.
I loved this book.  It was probably the best book I've read this year.  To me, a talented author must pull you in and keep you captivated, and Gillian Flynn did from start to finish.  Every time I stopped reading, I would think about the story; what's going to happen next?  Even though Amy is a fictional character, the depth of her character development was really detailed, it almost felt like she was real.  She was really capable of doing all those evil things and of keeping a facade of the sweet girl girl. I really did love the book but was a little disappointed by the end.  I really wish that it turned out another way.
Once I started reading, I could hardly bear to put the book down.  The twists and turns kept coming, until the second half when we learned  the truth about the disappearance.Even once that was explained,  I still had to keep reading to see how the the story was resolved.  A lot of reviewers that the ending let it down, but I thought the final twist was a perfectly satisfactory way to end  the book.  Although it pointed the story in a whole new direction, I felt it was an  understandable ending,  given the two main protagonists' personalities.  It IS only fiction after all.  And for me, entertaining fiction at that.
I saw the movie first and had no idea what I was getting myself into.  It left me wondering: how much of the diary flashbacks were real, and how much was imagined for the sake of Amy's clever plotting? The book provides much deeper insight into both main characters and better explains the diary entries, keying in on themes that question the nature of human authenticity in a world saturated with typecast characters that provide the script for all our interactions.  Through breaking our expectations of what one one can do to spurn--and ultimately return to--one's partner, Flynn writes her own script and beckons us follow.
I read this on my honeymoon cruise a few months ago. Two days in and my husband was reading it too. We were hooked! I seriously can't get over how entertaining this book was. It is well written. And the plot twists!!! oh boy. Read it! We read it on the kindle and the formatting and everything was perfect. I've recommended this to several friends as well, and they've all enjoyed it. Remember, books are like real life. Sometimes things don't end the way we want or expect them to, but that doesn't take away from the quality of a novel. After all, it must have been pretty good or you wouldn't have made it to the end, right?
The wife of a married couple that have had some marital problems in the past is missing. Immediately the police focus on the husband as the prime suspect for her disappearance . With the help of the missing wife the police gather evidence that make it look more and more like he was involved with her disappearance. In the mean time we are unaware of happening behind the scene that have a direct bearing on the book. The husband and the wife have their hang ups that helps keep the story suspenseful. My only minor criticism is I thought the ending wasn't as strong a the rest of the book. Overall I thought it was great read.
An insanely twisted book about a very co-dependent couple! It's a bizarre love story!
This was one of those rare books that lives up to its billing, I simply could not put it down.  It works at multiple levels, not simply as a suspense/murder mystery, but also as a social commentary, and more importantly a mediation on marriage.  Even those that are in no way like Nick and Amy, but are married, reading it will probably wonder about not only their view of what is going on in their marriage but also how their partner views it.  A smart book that is more than just a pot-boiler.  Read it now before the inevitable movie comes out.
I passed on seeing the movie because the trailer didn't hit the right vibe with me. Thank goodness I ordered the book on my Kindle because I was curious after I heard so many people discuss the movie, including my favorite bartender who says he doesn't typically see this type of film. The character development is excellent and most people will be surprised by the twists. The writing style kept me reading and I actually woke up at night to finish it. I did figure out the main twist but I was surprised by the ending. It is well worth your time to read Gone Girl. Now I have to rent the movie when it comes out on Netflix!
There is an old saying that no one really knows what goes on in another person's life and this is especially true of Nick and Amy's marriage. Amy's surprise disappearance on their 5th wedding anniversary sets this story out on a suspenseful search on what happened to her. I don't want to disclose too much as to ruin the book for everyone. I'll just say that there are many twists and turns. It's much more than a suspenseful novel. The pychological aspects add a great depth and make it multidimensional.  One of the best reads of 2012.
If two effed up people could be more perfect for each other, its the main characters of this book.  This is a boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl (and vice versa) followed by some scheming and murder...ish.  The whole book I was yelling for justice (having unfortunately foreseen the twist) and in the end was upset that I didn't get it.  Days later I for some reason thought of it again after I had already moved on to another book and realized there was an exact amount of justice is this amazing thriller.  Also I don't care what anyone says I love Ben Affleck and can't wait to see the movie due out Oct of 2014
Brilliantly written. I wasn't able to set it down for a second once I started. The characters are real and their emotions raw. The plot twists were plentiful and realistic. Gillian Flynn made an excellent point to play on the reader's emotions too. The first part of the book, I blamed Nick and loved Amy, however the unexpected plot reveals a much less desirable Amy that made me feel disgusted that even liked her. The characters are so vivid it was easy to feel betrayed as Nick did on discovering the truth. What I enjoyed the most was the indefinite ending. It was perfect for the characters and perfect for the plot.
I thought this book was simply fantastic. It's the kind of book that you can't put down once you start reading. I've loaned it to my mom and 2 of my girlfriends and they've all loved it!! The author takes you on a roller coaster with insane twists and turns in the story. I read the book when it first came out, and I just went back and re-read it and it was just as amazing as the first time! I will say that I was underwhelmed with the ending. After the incredible writing up to the very end, I expected more. The rest of the fantastic writing redeems it, though and I can easily see myself reading this a 3rd time soon.
Read this on vacation after hearing so much about it. I wanted to get through it before the movie released so I didn't hear any spoilers. Great read - really compelling. The dialogue rang true, and the characters were believable. The only thing that surprised me was that I had heard there was a big 'twist' in the book, and I had figured it out pretty early on, well before I came to it (but I read and watch a lot of crime fiction). I started this on a Friday night before I flew out for vacay on Saturday, and between flights, airport time and reading a little each night I finished this by the following Friday night.
This book came recommended by a friend as I already was attracted to see the movie. Knowing that you should always read the book before seeing the film based on it, that's what I did, and was it worth it. It's an amazing thrill ride that will keep you guessing.Many other reviewers have commented on the ending and I understand their reasons, but when you get to that final page, you realize it had to end that way.So if you're looking for a book that you won't put down, that will shock and surprise you every step of the way, then do yourself a favor and pick this one up. It won't let you down.
I don't know what I was expecting, but I never imagined it would end the way it did.
Wow--although I must admit I peaked ahead at a synopsis, I really enjoyed the twist.
For current American suspense fiction, I am impressed. Gillian Flynn should definitely keep her editor, who is excellent and obviously steered her into making crucial perspective and stylistic decisions. The point of view switches were simple but masterful. The book has a somewhat original premise, but what really drove the book for me were the elements of suspense and surprise and the heavily nuanced and premeditated brilliance of one of the protagonists. To write a novel like this, an author has to master the craft of suspense fiction, which I believe she has done. Overall, a highly entertaining and dark read.
After the first couple of chapters, I could not put this book down, and its been a long while since I have read a book that was this compelling.  There are a lot of unexpected twists and turns.  I really could not predict what was going to happen next.  I am in a book club and I believe this has been everyone's favorite book so far.  Unfortunately I did not get the fairy tale end that I wanted.  But then again, the ending was unexpected, so I had to keep reading to find out how everything was going to develop.  I am hoping she is setting her fans up for a sequel and would LOVE to see this book made into a movie.
I enjoyed reading this novel after it was already widely popular. Now I can see the movie. It was interestingly written in dual narratives which gave insight (one might think!) into both characters' personalities. The surprise twists and turns made me switch perspectives with every page. The ending was totally unanticipated but predictable in retrospect. Not what I would have chosen. At the end of the book were several discussion questions which would have been fun to discuss with other readers. I recommend this to others warning them that some might have trouble dealing with various morality and social issues.
On the morning of their 5th anniversary Amy disappears. Is she dead? Has she been kidnapped? Is there something more sinister going on? Her husband Nick tells us of how the love had gone out of their marriage over the years. But he can't tell anyone else that. Because he realizes all the evidence points to him.What's clever about this novel is that every other chapter tells the story from Amy's viewpoint, starting with their courtship. But she tells a quite different version. Who's telling the truth? Are both unreliable? This is an engrossing psychological mystery that won't let go of you till the last word.
It's interesting that the reviews on ""Gone Girl"" are so ""split,"" mostly focusing on the ending, which I thought was well done.  If you're looking for everything tied up in a neat little bow, you may want to pass.  Part of what makes this book so provocative -- one I'm still thinking about some days later -- is that the author doesn't ""check all the boxes.""The author does a great job of character depiction -- truly we know Amy way too well.  I don't think she writes as well in the male voice (Nick), but she is still quite effective.I recommend this book.  I could not put it down!  Enjoy!
I put off reading this book for awhile because it didn't seem something I would be interested in, but I kept seeing it on the best seller list-week after week. I finally bought it and couldn't put it down!Great story, well told and an interesting commentary on modern relationships. Although, I hope there aren't many people like Amy out there. I was a little disappointed in the ending, I felt like Amy should have been brought to justice and realistically I think the Police would have developed the forensics to prosecute her. Great character and a book I want forget for awhile..Migraman
If you loved GONE GIRL, you'll definitely LOVE ""No Priors"" from Sophie Berube. It's the kind of book that you start to read and don't want to put down..... You just keep reading it. I loved it! It made me cry, smile, think about love, life and just when I started to figure out the end, it just turned me in another direction. There are a lot of life lessons in this book. Worth the read!!! If you chose to read one book this week, read this one. 5 out of 5 stars. Here's the link: http://www.amazon.ca/No-Priors-Sophie-Bérubé-ebook/dp/B016P5VQI8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1447364775&sr=8-1&keywords=no+priors
Keeps you reading.Is every smart woman really just a sociopath? Is it true behind every smart man is just a smarter woman? Are all guys just big dicks but of course must have one to be the hero/villain? Am I a bad person if I notice how typecast everyone is but feel sorry for the person being the most manipulative while simultaneously constantly trying to break out of the literal literary mold that was created for her from birth?No spoilers because this is a well written book that I think most people who enjoy thriller mysteries will enjoy. And gives all new meaning to the phrase ""psycho bitch"".
I thought Gone Girl started out a bit slow, but hold on because it really blows up.  It is told from such a unique perspective that I can't say I've experience in another book.  It alternates between the male and female main characters.  They are narrating from their perspective, but never fully revealing the truth to the reader.  What results is that you are constantly changing your opinion about the characters and what actually happened.  Gillian Flynn creates the some of the most complicated, flawed and disturbing characters of any author writing today, and this book is no exception.  Highly recommended!
What with 7,000+ reviews already written, there's not much I can add, other than I want to vote ""5 stars.""  Getting through the first segment was like that first long ride up the hill on the roller coaster just waiting for the bottom to fall out.  Then I took the first plunge, where I thought ""A"" was true.  But no, I continued on, and found out it's ""B"" that is true.  But wait, no, it's really ""C""!!  My only disappointment was that I wasn't breathless at the end.  Yes, the whole thing was quite implausible, but sometimes it's fun to get drawn into a story like that.  I guess that's why they call it fiction.
Read this book after seeing it on several Best of 2012 lists, and after a recommendation by a close friend. Aimlessly skimmed the first few paragraphs and was immediately hooked. If you find yourself watching ""Dateline"" on Friday nights with a bowl of chocolate ice cream then this book is definitely for you. I for one had no issue with the ending. In fact, whenever I hear someone gripe about how ""awful"" it is, I can't help but wonder exactly what kind of ending they expected, having come to know the two main characters throughout the book. I will definitely be checking out the rest of Gillian Flynn's books!
A suspenseful story, with many twists, but with the idea of love and self identity playing in the mix. The ending leaves the reader to question whether to accept the couple or simply become bewildered by their relationship. However, with the characters describing their sentiments to the audience, it leaves the readers to root for the two main characters individually despite the horrid mistakes that they made to each other. Thus, resulting the audience to listen to both sides of the story. All in all, the novel introduces a fact that marriage is not always a blessing or a fairytale, but a trap to the other.
This book is utterly twisted but I found it something that I couldn't put down. I gave it five stars because even though the story starts off kind of slow and detailed there is still a point to it. The whole thing is misleading and foreshadowing and thrilling. Just when you think you know what is going to happen, something else does. It's a crazy depiction of what a crazy married life could be and what I think runs through couples heads from time to time without going anywhere with our thoughts. The story feels real. I think that anyway. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes this kind of fiction.
I brought this book as an easy vacation read, and I ended up missing about a day of my trip because I was so engrossed. I had to finish before beginning to enjoy the trip with my friends. What I liked most about this was how well-written and convincing the two main characters were. Though I typically am skeptical about jumping between points of view, I think this author did it very well and clearly delineated between each narrator. I also liked that this wasn't a gory type of suspense novel, and it maintained a compelling narrative untl the very end. I continue to recommend this book to others. Great read!
I simply could not put this down...I had heard GREAT things from friends and I'm super grateful that none of them really explained very much to me about the storyline... With that I would hate for my review to give anything away and spoil someone else's read...so I'll keep it brief: I loved this book, I think I actually tried to read the last act slowly because I didn't want it to end....that's how I get when I've found a good one.  I'm really looking forward  the movie too.. Anyway...THANK you Gillian Flynn...I now know i can fully function @ work on very very little sleep😉*reading DARK PLACES next
A couple of young lovers from the big city head to a small town to find paradise. Or do they? Upon arrival in the backwaters of Missouri two people who knew each other so well discover they may not have guessed the deep inner secrets each holds. And one of them suddenly is gone. From here winds a tale that keeps the reader always finding the ""right"" clue, only to lose it again. I have to say I was ready for a chic book, but Ms. Flynn's tale is a great read for the guys looking for that mystery that is not based on a sad sports hero. I confess as well, I never guessed the end. A can't put down read.
I chose five stars because it kept me riveted and I couldn't stop reading it. My
HOLY. COW.Flynn is a master at writing!  This ... even though I had figured some of it out, I hadn't figured it all, and THAT rarely happens.  This is the book to read when you want to be surprised, and you want to be disgusted, and you want to be angry.  I think the mark of good fiction is when the author can bring out true emotion in his or her reader.  Flynn does this masterfully!  I don't love the characters -- heck, I don't even LIKE them, but, I couldn't tear my eyes away.  It was like reading about a train wreck in great, intense detail.  5 stars!  I can't wait to read her other books!
I seriously could not put this book down!  I started reading it yesterday morning and put off everything I was supposed to do yesterday!  I read straight through the day, and until 3AM when I just couldn't keep my eyes open anymore, then woke up and finished it this morning.  Can't say enough how gripping this book was!  I was hooked from the first page.  You just know you're being hoodwinked by one or both narrators, but just can't put your finger on where the story will go.  I can usually predict where the plot will go, but this one kept me guessing until the very last page.  I am thoroughly satisfied!
This book was just insane... This is the first time where I've read a book and thought I knew what was going to happen, and I was so wrong . Most books you read and every time there is a climax...you think""I know what gonna happen""...and it does..so predictable right? Well this book...you never know why's going to happen. Here you have Nick an awful ass husband who doesn't deserve a good wife like Amy....or so you think... That's all I can say without ruining this for everyone else.. This book constantly left me shocked I found myself devouring this because I just needed to know why happened next
I gave 5 stars because Gone Girl was a page turner. I realize some people can't connect with the characters as well as others. I thought I was like Amy...until she got super crazy and then she turned into an ""old"" friend of mine. I could picture the obsessive recon etc and it made me miss her (my ex friend) hahaha. I totally related to this book and I loved the ending. It's true, life is a little boring without those crazy people!Also, this book kept me on my toes. I had no idea what was going to happen...it was so NEW and unpredictable. I'm not sure another book will ever satisfy me again!
I was completely taken aback with Gone Girl. It was not what I was use to reading or expecting. I started the book on the plane to my NYC vacation and finished it before I got home. This book was the perfect blend of suspense, mystery, romance. I thought the writier did an amazing job of making you feel one way about the characters and then the complete opposite way by just turning the page! I also love that it gave both perspectives of the story. My only complaint was the the ending seemed rushed. Everyone i have reccommended it to LOVED it!It is a must read, and so far the best book I have read.
The movie was fabulous, but oh, my, the book was extraordinary!  I'd say the movie did the book justice, but the book was so in depth that it held my interest till the end, even though I pretty much knew the ending from seeing the movie.  Usually I prefer to read the book before seeing the movie, but I'm glad I did it the other way around.  Now I'd like to see the movie again and will definitely rent it!  The only problem I had with this book was being able to put it down, so I spent a few late nights up much too late, thinking I'll just finish this chapter, and then, well, one more chapter, and so on.
Starts out a bit slowly...but worth it to get to the plot twist that ultimately unravels a fascinating story of a truly diabolical character and some very unsuspecting and unfortunate victims. Loved the clever narrative structure, with the main characters revealing the telling details little by little, manipulating the reader's emotions and suspicions, and culminating in an intricate and satisfying climax. Frightening to think that something like this actually could happen. I read it on my Kindle (on the treadmill) at the gym...it definitely motivated me to come back each day to see what happened next!
I had heard so many great things about this novel and was feeling as though I had missed out on something good.  I purchased it for my Kindle and began to read.  And read.  And read.  I was about to give up, as I was getting a bit bored when BOOM.  The plot changes, thickens and twists and I am so glad that I kept pushing through it, and although that's probably not something that an agent or author (or reader) wants to hear, I think it was a brilliant move (intentional or not).  Please read this novel, especially if you are on the fence about it.  It's a roller coaster worth the incredibly long line.
Okay well as you can tell from my title I thought it was a great book. The writing is superb and the story line kept me interested throughout. Typically I get bored and very distracted when a book switches from one characters narrative to the other but not with this book! No way. I found myself rooting for both of them... I don't want to give too much away but I found guilty pleasure in both side of the story and would recommend this book to anyone who likes thrillers, mystery, crime, or scandal. I didn't know how the book would end and boy was I surprised! Give it a try, you will not be disappointed!
Amazing plot line and writing style.  No spoilers here... Get through the first third of the book and you will NOT believe how deeply involved and invested you are into these characters.  You will not be able to put this book down.  Start reading early in the day because you will not put it down until all is revealed and done.Anyone who has gone through a troubled marriage will definitely relate to this story.  The author has dissected a troubled marriage with a fine scalpel and allowed us to further examine the remaining pieces... to our disbelief.  Be prepared for an unsuspected ending.
This book took me a while to get into.  I felt it was written quite strangely until the time frames became important.  Unfortunately, after finishing the book, I had to sit and think about the characters and their morals.  I brought the book to read at the eye Dr and she noticed I was reading it.  She said she already had and found the characters to be horrible people.  The following day I went to my orthopedist and his nurse said she thought it was a fabulous book.  I thought it was well written, and hopefully, imaginative on the part of the author.  Would I read her again?  Yes.  I was intrigued.
Wow.  Just wow.  What an incredibly unbelievable situation for each of these characters.  Gillian Flynn did an amazing job of weaving this tale together!  I find myself questioning what type of a person I must be as I felt like I could relate to Nick, Amy, and Andie in one way or another throughout this ordeal.  How horrible it would be to find yourself in a situation with such little control over your life, and to have the outside world constantly ridiculing you and scrutinizing your actions and behavior.  I think it's safe to say now that my biggest fear in life is interacting with sociopaths...
It is such a pleasure to read a book written so well. The story was unpredictable and exciting, with twists and turns, and poetic justice. I guess I'm so used to reading books that have been 'dumbed down' to attract a wider audience that I'm thrilled to read some big words here and there. I immediately read her previous two novels, loved them also, and convinced all the readers I know to read them too. I had put this book off for quite awhile, afraid to be lured into another tale of heaving bosoms and unbridled passion, but Gillian Flynn is so far above that trash. I wish she would write faster.
Many books today are such light reading, the elementary prose is almost an insult.  This story is beautifully written and constantly engages the reader.  The characters are intricately crafted and you feel like you know them intimately.  That is until the plot takes so many turns it will leave you breathless.  This book is intensely suspenseful and will have you wishing it never ends.I could not put this book down.  Unlike other reviewers, I found the ending surprising but believable.  This book is intensely suspenseful and will have you wishing it never ends.  Next stop, Gillian's other books.
It's well known in my family that I will not read a book until I've seen the movie. As much as I liked the film version of Gone Girl, the book was fantastic. I actually hollered out loud when the book was over, I just needed more.Gillian Flynn is a brilliant author who could pull off alternating voices of Nick and Amy (and Amy...that is not a typo). It's chilling, brilliant, and makes me glad I have Flynn's other books to read (my copy of the ebook included sneak peaks of both).I'd love a sequel to Gone Girl, the character of Amy is just to big for only one novel.Five stars well earned.
Great Book. For a person like me that always guesses the ending of books and movies, this book had so many twists and turns. You love the characters and then you hate them. You are so involved in the story and then you get mad. I haven't read a great book like this in a long time. Different than other mysteries, written very well and very easy to follow. If you want a mystery that is page turner, a book that is going to make you say ""I Can't believe that just happened?!"" this is it.It is also about #crazylove of Nick and Amy, takes place in todays time #2012 which is nice.
I blame Gillian Flynn for writing such an engrossing book that I would up reading it until the wee hours of the morning and had a hard time getting up for work !!  Alternating chapters were in the voices of the husband and the wife and you were caught up in their differing perspectives of events and relationships, constantly questioning your assessment of the couple.  The writing and plot creation were masterful, eerie at times (best to read it with a companion in the house).  The ending was a shocker - totally unexpected - and one which will linger in your mind after you've closed the cover.
Okay, so I'm a little late to the party, and I'm sure that no one will even see this amongst the 30 thousand other similar reviews for the book but I absolutely LOVED Gone Girl.  One of my absolute favorite books I read last year.  It was such an enjoyable read that I ordered Flynn's other books before I was on Chapter 10 just to make sure I wouldn't be left without my Flynn fix when I finished Gone Girl.  Twisty.  Rich characters.  Intrigue.  Complications.  There's one moment where everything TURNS in the book and I remember audibly gasping in bed so loud that I woke up my wife.  Loved it.
This has to be one of the most engrossing books I've read this year.It was painful to follow the long, slow simmer from infatuation to disconnect to drifting to unsettling to anxiety through the full-on boil of this relationship. Your perception of the characters shifts with each passing page, leaving you wanting to give each the benefit of the doubt, then realizing that, once again, there's more going on here than you thought.Like several other reviewers, I have mixed feelings about the ending. I guess it was inevitable, given the foreshadowing. Still, a great read!
What a wonderful, brilliant, breathtaking, truly awful, horrible book. Five freaking stars. I haven't rooted for characters that hard (and been left so bereft) in a long time. This book caused me great physical pain, and that's how I know I enjoyed it, because I believed it. I felt each turn of the story intensely, almost viscerally, and I will be left thinking about this book for quite some time. Bravo, Gillian Flynn, you diabolical genius/sadist. I cannot believe how masterfully you crafted this novel and how expertly you played with my emotions. Cruel, cruel, and yet amazingly, so good.
As the mixed reviews indicate, this book is not for everyone, but I really loved it.  I'm normally put off by books that are full of unlikeable, self absorbed characters, but I guess it was the thriller aspect of this one that had me hooked, as I couldn't wait to find out what awful thing we were going to learn about Nick or Amy next.  Usually with a book I really love I don't want it to end, and I walk away hoping for a sequel.  This one needed to end when it did, although I agree that the ending itself could have been stronger, and I can't imagine a sequel dealing with what happens next!
Did I enjoy this book?  Not in the sense that it made me happy to read it.  But yes, I enjoyed being completely wrapped up in the complexities of the story and the darkness of the characters.  The plot twists were amazing.Will I read other books by this author?  Yes, I plan to.  The intellect in the writing reminds me in some ways of Anita Shreve, one of my favorite authors.Would I recommend this book to others?  If I can find anyone who has not already read this, then yes, I will recommend it.Will I read it again?  I probably will.  It's too delicious to only read once.
I have to admit when I first started reading this book I found it hard to get into as I didn't like any of the characters, but still found myself siding with Amy. Then I became obsessed! I kept reading and reading and reading and the further I got into it the more I had to find out what happened. But then as I got closer to the end I started to get disappointed that it was going to end. Now that I have finished it though, the way it finished and the people involved, I believe there could always be another book (please!).You will not be disappointed in this one. So bloody good!
I thought I had this book all figured out. It's like a non-stop HLN story line being told to you by the very biased media.  Beautiful wife goes missing, all eyes point to the very suspicious husband.The first part of this book was, okay, he's guilty, why is everyone telling me to read this book?  The reason being, hold on, because it becomes one crazy psychological thriller!!!!The first few chapters were like blah, blah, blah. Then, at about 20% into the book, I can't put it down, and read it non-stop for four hours!Great book.  A new favorite author!
This melodramatic thriller has more twists and turns than a roller coaster, the fun ones, not the ones that make you sick.  Flynn allows the two main characters to be extremely flawed, but draws you so much into them that you find yourself alternately rooting for each in many occasions.  It's twisted, fun, dark and intimately horrifying.  We've all met people or couples that have the potential for this result, hopefully rarely to fruition. Some reviews I've read from other readers state that the ending was horrible.  I agree, but did you expect anything else?  The ending fits perfectly.
A wild ride inside the psychotic minds of two deeply flawed individuals. Flynn has written this book in a unique style. She keeps the reader fully engaged. I couldn't put it down. Flynn's subtle introduction, development and revelation of the psychosis of the main characters is extraordinary. I would love to know where she acquired her knowledge and insight for the detailed character development. The way she wove the intricate plot into the thought processes of the antagonist was masterful. I don't think I have read anything quite like it. Highly recommended if you like dark thrillers.
I haven't read a thriller or mystery, etc since Faithful Place. I was a bit hesitant- not sure why, but I'm so happy I read this. I thought it was brilliant. It hooked me in immediately. It came to the point where I didn't want to finish it because I didn't want it to end. I read the other reviews and some people weren't pleased with the ending, I think it ended really well, it made sense to me. This book leaves you speechless, frustrated, angry, and of course, shocked. Gillian wrote a fantastic book, extremely thought out and superbly written. I'm going to read the rest of her novels.
I'm still trying to figure out how I feel about the ending of this book but I give it 5 stars because it took me on a wild and entertaining ride. The main characters were smart and somewhat relatable. There were a number of plot twists and I appreciate the author offering explanations for some of the more questionable plot points. I like how the author swapped back and forth between Nick and Amy's narratives. And just when you thought you knew where the book was heading, Gillian Flynn pulled the rug out from under you. Highly recommend this one even if the ending isn't 100% satisfying.
Fantastic book. It's thrilling, surprising and entertaining. Highly recommended.
I literally could not put this down.  I loved the author's style, it was a fast, fun, and easy read.  Yes, it did get a bit ""bawdy"" in parts but I think it was necessary for character developement.  As I got near the end I was actually walking down a busy city street trying to finish it.  My family had to actually take my kindle away from me!  The ending sort of fizzled, maybe just a hair, but there was no way that the story could have kept on going at it's pace.  Loved it and reccommended to many friends!
Loved this! Really, truly loved it.I can't say why because that will give something away. The biggest pleasure of reading this book was the complex story and trying to figure out what the heck was going on and who did what to whom and who was telling the truth.This is called a thriller, but it’s not exciting like a thriller. I'd say it was more of a psychological exploration.The way Amy and Nick know each other is really quite terrifying. The story is told separately by Nick and Amy. It is beautifully strung together. It’s complex and  fascinating.
Loved this! Really, truly loved it.I can't say why because that will give something away. The biggest pleasure of reading this book was the complex story and trying to figure out what the heck was going on and who did what to whom and who was telling the truth.This is called a thriller, but it’s not exciting like a thriller. I'd say it was more of a psychological exploration.The way Amy and Nick know each other is really quite terrifying. The story is told separately by Nick and Amy. It is beautifully strung together. It’s complex and  fascinating.
Although this starts as a really good mystery, the story twists and turns and becomes a psychological cat and mouse story. Really, though, is is an exaggeration of our own human traits, and cultural commandments. Who doesn't pretend to be someone a little brighter and more appealing than we think we are? What marriage doesn't have some nagging and nitpicking, and some back turning and silence? These characters just take it to an extreme  that makes you uncomfortable. That, and the edginess of the cat and mouse game, is exactly what this book is meant to do.  And it does it very well.
Despite seriously rough language, this book is worth a read. The 'first part' is a good mystery; engrossing; from here it looks like it will be a good, keep you guessing type story. A lot like others out there but well written. Then you get to the 'second part' and your mind gets blown. The story turns from a good mystery into a full blown, Hitchcock-like psychological thriller. And one of the best psychological thrillers I have read in a long, long time. The 'third part' moves the book into the realm of 'dark'. Never boring. Gone Girl deserves every bit of the hoopla surrounding it.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  I read reviews where people didn't like the ending.  I was hesitant to read the book because I was afraid it was because the mystery was never solved.  My children had read the book so I asked about that before reading and they reassured me that yes the mystery was solved.  I actually did like the ending as well as the entire book.  I found it quite a page turner and was so caught up in reading that a couple of chapters which I planned on reading before bed ended up with me forcing myself to put the book down at 4:00 in the morning.
Wow, this book grabs you from the first page. You can see yourself in both the husband AND wife, sometimes in ways you wish you didn't relate. An over the top statement on how difficult marriage can truly be, yet it still works. The ending might not be what you expected, nor wanted, but I thought it was brilliant. Only wish there was an epilogue, even if only one page, a few years in the story's future. P.S. At least make it to half the book before deciding to give up. I promise you'll appreciate that you did. If you haven't made it to the ""holy sh*t"" moment, you didn't read enough.
Well-written psychological thriller. Scary to contemplate the extent determined, demented minds will go to manipulate others in order to achieve their goals.  People like that do exist.  It is difficult to imagine any other suitable ending so that worked for me.  Marriage takes a lot of work and perhaps the most difficult challenge is trying to understand what a spouse is thinking and feeling, when he or she fails to communicate.  This novel supports the notion that women are more dominant than men and shows how codependent marriage couples can become without them even realizing it.
I loved this book. Read it in two day's I couldn't wait to finish it and find out how it turned out. The ending was a real surprise. This was a fast paced dark thriller with great psychological themes throughout the book. Every other chapter was the husband or wife speaking. The twists and turns in the story were awesome. This couple would take the top prize for dysfuntional couples. It was interesting to have a female sociapath for a change. I thought this was a different story line than I have read in the past, I highly recommend it for its orginality.Gone Girl
A winner.  While the title leads you to believe this is ""chic lit,"" it isn't at all.  It's about an alleged crime, a complex relationship, not to mention delusions and deceit.  As the layers of the onion peel away and the reader is given a new and sometimes utterly unexpected piece of information, you find yourself ping-ponging between whose side you're on when ten minutes earlier, you would have staked your life on who was the victim and who was the perpetrator.  While the main characters are equally unsympathetic, they are meticulously drawn and magnetically interesting.
Wow.... I will probably be trying to process this book for the next few days. It screws with your mind so much so that at the end I didn't even know if that ending was good or well suited for this story and those gut wrenchingly horrible yet masterfully written characters or how I would've preferred it to end. The author did a brilliant job of creating two of the most disdainful characters I have ever had the pleasure of reading about, a sly whodunnit with a wicked twist.I could not put this book down and I pray they do this book justice when they put it on the big screen.
Amy's parents, the Elliott's, are authors and throughout Amy's childhood wrote a series of books about ""Amazing Amy"".  I believe this had a strong influence on how Amy developed & how she learned to play act her way through life. Amy is actually the real author, writing her life using her ability to anticipate the ending (strong 20/20 foresight) and she develops her life story line accordingly. Amy acts out roles and those in contact with her unwittingly play their parts. Nick figures out how to turn the tables but Amy is just so good at it...... I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
This book had me on the edge of seat!! I have never read anything like this but I saw a review for it on Amazon and so I bought it. I couldn't put this book down!! It is a little dark and twisted but that's what makes it CRAZY GOOD! This book made me say ""WTF"" a couple of times. I was even scared at one point and had to put it down because I was reading late at night...it was pretty intense but in a good way! If books don't get your imagination and emotions going its not worth reading! I was very satisfied and impressed with this book I bought Flynn's other two books!!!
I don't read a lot of fiction.  I noticed this book on the bestseller list and I saw it reviewed in a few magazines, it sounded interesting, but most fiction disappoints me.  One day I decided to buy it, I needed something to read.  IT WAS SO GOOD!  I enjoy Gillian's writing style, she actually had me caring about the characters, I wasn't skipping ahead or skimming paragraphs.  I was intrigued about what I was reading.  I love how her storytelling includes a brightness and a darkness within it.  I appreciate the authenticity and transparency in her characters.  I believed them.
I bought this for my son to read over vacation., & he couldn't put it down. Raved about it, although he rarely reads fiction.  Then it was my turn to read it & I loved it, too. I've also given the book as a gift to 2 friends.There are plenty of reasons why Gillian Flynn's novel has been on the best seller list since it's publication. Her writing takes you on a wild unpredictable roller coaster ride. The film, with which Flynn was involved, comes out Oct. 3rd. If you haven't yet read the book,  don't watch the movie trailer!Gone Girl is a terrific read.
This is a brilliantly written crime, psycho-suspense thriller. The story is told in a most imaginative and unique fashion. And it is a dark look into the heart of a very, very intelligent sociopath determined to always get their own needs fulfilled despite the harm this causes others. If you are new to it, don't see the movie first. Read the book. You're then free to see how they adapted this uniquely written work to the big screen. I won't say any more, lest I let a spoiler slip.This review originally published on https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1071927977
In one of her earliest novels, Agatha Christie cleverly tricked her readers by having the murderer doing the first person narration - and therefore averting suspicion with his lies.  This is not intended as a spoiler, but a parallel technique, but in a very different way, is used by Gillian Flynn...and her narrative weaves tricks that come thick and fast.  As a writer myself, I so enjoyed Gillian Flynn's skills in turning a simple 'missing person' story into such a fascinating read.  I was totally absorbed and I give it full marks.  And yes, the butler did it!  Just kidding!
I'm not a good writer myself, so I'm not able to produce a review that would do this book justice.  Just do yourself a favor and read it.  Set aside some blocks of uninterrupted time though; you truly will NOT want to put this book down.I listened to the audiobook version of this book via Audible.com.  The two narrators were wonderful, and the production quality was excellent.  Don't be afraid that the narrator(s) will ruin the book; if you enjoy audiobooks, you won't be disappointed.
This thriller had me guessing at every turn.  Just when I began to form an opinion or believe I had it figured out, Ms. Flynn threw in a new twist.  I loved it!  The suspense and intrigue kept me guessing at every turn.  I could not put this book down and found myself totally engrossed.  From sad, mad, compassionate to furious to an ending that takes you by surprise, it is unlike any mystery I have ever read.  If you love mysteries without the predictable storyline and ending, this one's for you!
Once I started this book, it ""grabbed"" me.  I read it during every spare moment over two days.  Can't wait to discuss it with the rest of my book club.  The two main characters, while fascinating, were also disgusting in their self-immersion, disregard of the law and of the feelings of others.  They deserve each other, but since they also impact the lives of others, I wish they could be punished in some way (other than by each other) for their behavior.  Interesting and enjoyable manner of story telling, different from most I've read.  Well worth the purchase price.
One of the most ingeniously plotted thrillers I have read in a long time. No male author could have pulled this off, shifting back and forth to show the different male and female viewpoints. When Part 2 kicks off - no spoilers here - it is a surprising plot twist which does shake your confidence in these characters, but as a wry and dark comment on marriages, especially the dysfunctional variety, this is one of the darkest portrayals I've ever read. Flynn's talent for crafting some poignant images, like love as the ""sweetest cancer"" will stay with readers I'm sure.
This is the best book I've read in some time.  I did not know what to expect, but the construction of the narrative hooked me immediately.  The book is initially written in first person narrative by Nick (the husband).  The story is then narrated in tag-team by an unknown diary of Nick's wife, Amy.There is a substantial amount of suspense, as the reader is looking for clues as Amy goes missing.  Does Nick know something?  Does Amy have any insight in her diaries?  Is someone keeping secrets?  The book kept me following along, like a horse being led by a carrot.
This is one of the creepiest books I have ever read in my life.  The third part of the book (it's divided into 3 sections) I finished in a marathon session because I had to know how this story would end. HIGHLY recommended.  I found this book on a Best of 2012 list and would say that it's up there in my top-ten of all time. It's such a dark, creepy story...once I got about halfway through the book (SPOILER) I really felt for the character Nick, and was very afraid of the character Amy.  And towards the end I just couldn't wait to see how it would all finally come together.
Flynn is an excellent writer, but the real joy in this book is the plotting - she has developed a really unique and effective device for telling her story, the opposing first-person accounts of a husband and wife gone bad - it is truly a page turner, and Flynn has just the right touch throughout to keep the reader engaged and thirsting for more, especially when she introduces one of several curve balls that have you saying out loud, ""Wow, I did not expect that!""This is a great read, wondefully written and plotted, one of my favorite books of all time...
WOW!!!! It's been a long time since I've read a book so intense with so much intrigue, thrill, fear --- The Shining is the last book I think of that made me have to put it down and relax before picking it up again.  Gillian Flynn is AMAZING at her craft.  It is pure genius in her character development and the plot has so many twists and turns - yet you never lose track of the storyline.  Nick & Amy and their story is....a sordid fairy tale.  So many emotions - even at the end...simply jaw-dropping.I am looking forward to reading Sharp Objects and Dark Places!!
Gone Girl has become my favorite book. I have recommended it to several others and have many of my friends reading it right now. I wanted to write a review because there are so many conflicting opinions on the book based on its ending. I thought the book was amazing from start to finish, and I am one of the rare ones that was completely happy with the way it ended. After figuring out what was going on, I had hoped for the exact ending that the book had... And I thought it was completely appropriate! I am excited for the movie but nervous to hear it has a different ending!
The only complaint about this book is that it ended too soon, I already miss the characters and wish so much that I still had Gone Girl waiting for me to pick up and read any chance I get. I KNOW those characters because Gillian Flynn is so remarkable at conception and description of them. It is a fantastic read and a fast passed journey she takes you on. I highly recommend this easy read for those who love a twisty, dark, mystery story that hooks you from beginning to end--sadly, an end that comes to soon, as I mentioned. You would think 400+ pages would be enough. Grrr.
I hate to give away anything about a book that is considered for reading. Hence, my simple one word intro,"" wild"". It is wild and unexpected, true, but way more. It is wildly readable, compelling, telling, and it leaves one panting for more. It reveals the characters completely and challenges our own norms. We see ourselves but are slightly removed: we can't really be like that... can we? I won't even say if I liked or disliked the characters, only that you must read the book and get to know them, their depth, cunning, and difference from what you expect. Read it.
This is a very interesting, intense book with many surprises along the way. The authoress has done an excellent job in identifying the flaws of being human, and the true depravity a sick mind can reach. She takes your emotions for a roller coaster ride from humor to dread to repulsion toward the characters that is rarely achieved. I have never read a book before where only a supportive character turns out to be the only character that is likable and deserving compassion.  I would hate to have any of these characters as a family member. Well done, Gillian Flynn, well done.
I had heard and read so many good reviews about this novel that my anticipation level was very high but when I started it I was wondering if I was reading the same book that everybody was talking about. Rest assured when I hit about page 150 everything fell into place and I saw what all the fuss was about. From that point it was a read until you finish book - I stayed up and lost sleep so I could see what happened next. It was so good but I do not want to spoil it for anyone else so I will just say put in the time it will be rewarded and it is not a tidy Hollywood ending.
A little confusing at first, but then I couldn't put it down. Surprise ending.
If you love a good mystery that will keep you guessing, this is the book for you.  I found myself totally invested in the characters, the outcome, the twists and turns, and did not figure out any of the plot lines before hand.  This is definitely NOT a lovely stroll through a content well-balanced marriage story.  Instead, it is a dark, disturbing tale of the horrors a couple can inflict upon one another in the supposed name of ""love"".  I was engrossed from the start and could not turn the pages fast enough!  I will go on to read Ms. Flynn's other novels as well.
The beginning of the book starts out a little slow but then hold on. There are so many twists and turns that you won't be able to put this book down. The story was reminiscent of a couple of sensational police cases that made the news. I'm an avid reader, especially of suspense novels, and I don't think I've read a book that had me guessing so much as to what would happen next. I highly recommend this book and it's author Gillian Flynn...this is only her third book and I could see it being made into a movie. I'm now reading her ""Dark Places""  and so far so good.
This is one of the best books I have ever read! I was captivated immediately.The characters are very compelling... It was difficult to decide whether I sympathized with a character or despised them... And I am not talking about just one character!  All of the characters were multi-dimensional. Amy's insights into women were especially compelling.  I found myself thinking, ""Am I like that? Do I do that? Do I behave that way?""  Gillian Flynn is a brilliant writer... She keeps you guessing throughout the book...  My mind was literally spinning! I love this book!!!
I chose this book on a whim. Yes, there is a missing person at the center of the novel. but the book is mostly a dissection of then ""perfect"" marriage gone awry. I vacillatedd between loving and hating each of the characters. As House says in is eponymnos TV show, 'Everybody lies"". True here as well. Hard to know who's the bad guy and who's the good guy. Plus,,it is beautifully written--kept writing passages in my writer's notebook for inspiration. Her 1st novel isn't as strong, but I bet #2 is n stronger, leading up to the brilliance of ""Gone Girl
This book kept coming up on my recommended list and so I finally gave it a go...I was hooked from start to finish. I thought I had it all figured out about a quarter of the way through the book and then it completely threw me.All of the characters are completely unlikeable but you become addicted to them nevertheless.A well thought out book - perhaps unrealistic in many senses but it keeps you turning the pages.The ending was a let down for me, but when I really thought about it I did not want either of them to end up happy so it was apt in some ways.
I just finished ""Gone Girl"".  It's a must read!  Amy is beautiful -  perfect blond hair, incredible blue eyes, great student and successful writer.  She's so perfect her parents wrote a very successful series of Amazing Amy books chronicling her life from preschool through marriage.  Everyone loves Amy.  Then she meets Nick - handsome, successful, amazing Nick.  Their marriage can't be anything but amazing.  But sometimes when you scratch the surface on perfect you find it's anything but...  It's a big book, but it's an amazing ride that kept me up late several nights.
Couldn't put this book down! A couple of times I considered renting the movie just so I could know what would happen next, but I'm glad I sustained although I was disappointed in the ending. How after all that was it an almost happy ending? It doesn't make sense. I wanted him to either go to jail for something he didn't do, Amy wins but at the same time her go to jail for her elaborate plans finally backfiring, why does she still get to win?. Oh well, now I can rent the movie and assume the ending too will disappoint me just like most movies do after reading the book.
This book was getting so many rave reviews, so I had to read it. It took me a month to read the first quarter because it was slow and I didn't understand what all the hype was about. I kept putting it down to read other books, but kept picking it back up in hopes that a miracle would happen and that I would actually like this book. Then suddenly a quarter of the way in... I was hooked and I could not put this book down! It may have taken me a month to read the beginning, but only one evening to finish it! This book is insane, sick and wonderful!!! I LOVED THIS BOOK!!!
I got the book from Amazon after seeing the movie.  I am usually not a fan of crime or violent scenes but this book is so cleverly written that has little of that and a lot about the main two characters and their way of thinking.  I love the fact that she seems to know very well how men think, but being a woman it would take a man to state that.  I still saw the movie again just to get a glimpse at the screen writer, check on details that I had missed and was very glad to discover that it was she, who wrote it, no wonder it is so good. Congratulations Gillian Flynn.
I love a story, be it a movie, novel or short story that reels me in.  I like to be introduced to the characters that i  don't have to like,just be interested in.  This novel delivers.  I was drawn in, wondered what was going on and what would happen.  I was not dissappointed.  It is a very original mystery and psycholigical drama with a twist.  That is all I am going to say.  I simply bought the book because it was a best seller that i knew very little about.  It was worth reading. I was throughly entertained, mystified and surprised.  I got what I love in a story.
I am a senior citizen that has returned to college. I needed to read something other than what I have been reading for the last few months.  When I purchased this book, it was for entertainment.  I was not disappointed. Whenever I felt that I knew what would happen next, I was surprised.  What a mess! I really liked ""Go"", I have a sister that would do anything for me.  This is a must read for grown people, young and old.  I must warn all the readers, it will be difficult to put the novel down, once they start to read it.  Ms. Flynn is an awesome attention getter.
Flynn does it again!  Girl Gone is far different from her first two novels.  I loved the unique narrative style used by the author.  Flynn is by far, my favorite author of novels in ages.  The reader continues to ponder the book long after reading it.  Flynn's characters are believable.  The reader feels that they personally have known the main characters for years.  The twists and turns make Flynn's book impossible to put down.  The reader becomes sad when they know, by their Kindle that they are 94% through the book, yet cannot wait to know how the story ends.
Gone Girls has a plot of slap-in-your-face twists and turns. Just when you are beginning to think that you understand the characters, the next section flips your presumptions head over heels. Gillian Flynn plays with the reader. Her wonderful understanding and exploration of male and female quirks, vulnerabilities, manipulations and 'gender-anger' underline the cleverness of the plot as well as her writing skill. One is left disliking all the characters equally - an interesting result which should be used more frequently. Who says protagonists should be likable?
I have the Kindle so I got a sample of this book before I purchased it.  When I was reading my sample I felt that it progressed very slowly and I was bored, I had to force myself to the end of the sample.  I talked with a coworker about the book and she encouraged me to give the book a chance.  I listened to my coworker and I'm so glad I did!  The twists in the book were so unexpected and had me reading into the wee hours of the night to find out what would happen next.  This was an excellent book and I have recommended it to everyone I know who enjoys reading.
Saw the movie first. After seeing the movie I wanted to explore the depth of the characters and story line that only an author can bring to the story. The book made forget about the movie. The writing was rich, it brought a dimension to the story that the movie could not. I loved the many twists and turns. It kept you on the edge. I felt sorry for the love hate relationship they had both deserved different spouses. I thought the only weakness to the book was the end. It's an old cliche staying married for the kids sake. Too many lives are ruined by this belief.
I don't want to ruin this for those who may be interested in reading the book, but it really was an enjoyable read - in the sense that I had a hard time putting the book down. Let me describe it as me feeling sorry for one character, while in disbelief with another character. This was like a ping pong game; and at the end it was though I just felt sorry for one or two or all of the characters. My vagueness is so that I don't ruin it for people. If you want a page-turner, moments of sitting there in disbelief and WTF's, then really, seriously consider this book.
I enjoyed this book SO MUCH and am looking forward to Gillian Flynn's other novels and the movie versions of all her books! As cliche as it sounds, I couldn't put Gone Girl down, and I would look forward to the end of the work day when I could kick back in my recliner and read for a few hours. I didn't love the ending, but that's my only beef with it. I'm an English teacher and always feel compelled to read something more academic - like a classic I never read or something - but this time around, I told myself I just wanted a good story. Boy, did I choose well!
So good! It's a story about a woman, who disappears from her home on the day of her 5th anniversary under mysterious circumstances. Rewinding and going forward in time, the authors reveals twists and turns of the story of the young couple who had met in NYC, had been successful professionals, been laid off, and forced to move to the small town of the husband in the south. I didn't think I would like the book, and frankly it started a bit slow, but around page 80 (kindle page) I got sucked in and just couldn't put down the book. I would recommend it to others.
This was definately one of the best books I've ever read, a page turner right from the gate! Did he do it, didn't he do it? Do I like Nick, do I hate Nick?!!! Was this a real murder scene or was it staged?! Is Amy alive or is she dead?! Every few pages I was like....OMG, NOWAY!!!!  Gillian Flynn has a brilliant mind to be able to come up with the twists and turns that go on in this book, I didn't want the book to end! My only disappointment in the book is the ending......  The only way that would have been a good ending would have been if there was a sequel
Engrossing, edge of your seat, stay up all night reading.... An amazing portrayal of a marriage, a family, a town...nick and Amy have a perfect, golden existence until the recession and his mother's illness upended their world. Does disappointment and bitterness turn charming and likable Nick into a killer?You will be gripped by the prose, the plot, the characters. At the end I immediately felt the need to re read this incredible book.Don't buy this unless you are prepared to neglect your life until you are done reading!,
At first, Flynn's writing was too New York cool: quick; acerbic; disjointed, and just a little bit hard to follow. Once you tuned in to that style, you tuned into her characters...because they were too! The plot was clever, the pace rapid, and frankly I found my heart pounding at the characters' travails (I won't tell you which one). The book was a demanding page turner, and at the end, I'm still wondering who won? The title was cleverly yet subtlely apt, and I found myself, even at the very last page, wondering who was actually ""gone!"" And not physically.
There is nothing that I can say about this book that has not already been covered. Superlatives abound. I am fascinated by psychology and Gone Girl is all about that and more. Two different people's view points about the same dark situation. Completely absorbing. I found myself thinking about the story when I wasn't reading.  Knowing there were unexpected twists, I was kept completely on my toes trying, without success, to think outside of the box and guess what would happen next. Compelling, absorbing, fascinating and definitely leaving you wanting more.
Page turner; could not put it down! I don't think I am a great judge of who is, or isn't a great writer, but I thought this book was written so well! I just finished reading it for the second time so that I could be ready for the movie.  While the second time around, it's a little less "" OH MY GOD"" because I knew the twist, it still kept me entertained (finished in two days).  Not to sound cliche, but this may be one of the best books I've ever read.  Also, if you read Gone Girl and liked it, you have to read Dark Places and Sharp Objects as well.
My daughter loved the book, so she gave me a copy for my birthday day. I usually like Non-Fiction, what a surprise. I started the book and I wasn't impressed. Now I am almost finished and I can't put it down. Great features of book: 1) Clever writing, 2) surprises throughout, 3) twists. Not your typical mystery. In short I really enjoy the book and look forward to reading more books by the author. Personally I feel a new reader will not be disappointed in their selection.I heard they are making a movie on Gone Girl. Looking forward to viewing movie.
Gillian Flynn is fast becoming one of my favorite authors. This novel kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish. Every time I thought I had one of the main characters figured out, a new (and believable) surprise awaited. No formula writing here -- this is character driving suspense writing at its best. I get lost in these characters the way I do in Stephen King's, though this story is quite different from one of his. The characterization is as strong, though. Love this book and can't recommend it highly enough. Read it before it becomes a movie.
'Amazing''Twisty' 'Thrilling'...few words that came out soon after I finished the book. This book now on my list of favorites. Starting with a light and witty tone that leads you to believe you are in for a humorous version of some Lifetime drama..... Then suddenly you are caught so completely off guard that you can't do anything but turn the next page as fast as you can. Don't want to give away the plot...but it is the kind of book that makes you ponder, shake your head and get that churning feeling in your stomach. Need such books to keep reading alive!
I picked this book up on a hunch and a small amount of buzz on the internet. Bought it at Target for 30% off during my lunch break two and a half days ago. Finished it last night despite having to read by candle light because of the power outage. I was floored by the story and couldn't stop reading it. I haven't felt this way since I finished the Millennium. Even if I had electricity right now, I would have still read the book as much as I did. I had no clue who's side to be on either. For pretty much the entire book. I strongly suggest reading this book.
Gotta love a great plot twist!  And this is one of only two books I have read recently where I didn't see it (all of it anyway) coming.  (I ALWAYS see it coming) With Gone Girl I had most of it figured, but Gillian Flynn added enough turns to her twists.  Well done!p.s. The other book I just read with a shocker twist I never saw coming was Alice Leader's ""You'll Love it Here"".  It is based on a real person, and aren't the best twists in life the ones ""you can't make up""? Great book club discussion book too, funny with topics galore.
This is one of the best read of the year. Gone Girl is memorizing yet thrilling, intriguing yet mysterious. This book is so hard to put down once you start reading it because the author does such a wonderful job describing every scenario in vivid descriptions. Every page you read, you will get to know more and more about the main characters. Soon you'll find yourself in ""Oohs"" and ""Aahs"". I won't say much about the plot because I don't want to spoil it for anyone, but one thing I will say is that you never know who you're get married too.
This book took me about 1/4 of the way through to get sucked in, but oh boy did I ever. I found the main plot twist predictable, but that took NOTHING away from the story; (full disclosure, I have not seen the film). By midway through, I couldn't put it down. The last half is an onslaught of shocking reveals, one right after the next. I highly recommend this page-turner, as I felt compelled to devour her other 2 works after reading this one. Gillian Flynn is at the top of her game right now and I can't wait to see what else she has in store for us next.
Gone Girl, where do I start? So much hype about this book. I thought I would read the book before I went to see the movie. I always read the book, before I ever see anything,that has been translated onto the big screen. I find movies seldom do the books justice. I read Gone Girl in a matter of hours. I was so enthralled, that I could not put the book down! I have no desire to see the movie. It is a stunning piece of work from the beginning to the end, with twists and turns that don't stop! I highly recommend this book. The end will leave you speechless!
I am still trying to find a rival to this book!Let me start by saying, I don't read mystery books. This book, however, should not be passed up - no matter what genre you usually read.Gone Girl was intriguing and riveting from beginning to end.  There was a lot of humor and definitely a lot of suspense.This book takes some wicked twists and turns! Unlike most books I was unable to predict the outcome and the ending was frankly shocking.This book qualifies for a re-read, which is very rare for me to do these days!
The first impression I had of this book was  that it was a relatable story about the evolution of love, marriage, and companionship-  most specifically the intense lucky feeling that you've found the best equation for success among millions of idiots that just don't get it, later followed by boredom, resentment and disappointment. Then the twist, where you can't really relate at all.  And by the second  twist, you're downright suckered into the same trap as the featured married couple.Give it a read.First book I couldn't put down in a while.
I am an avid reader and I read this great novel last year when it was first released.  Unfortunately, that was before I owned my new Kindle Fire HD, and it was downloaded from B&N to my Nook (my e-reader at that time).  Nevertheless, this is one of the best books I've ever read...and definitely one of the best psychological thrillers. I highly recommend it anyone who reads books in this genre. I have since downloaded books onto my Kindle Fire HD, and am so glad I made the transition (upgrade) to the Kindle Fire HD. (ha, ha...here you get 2 reviews in 1)
After reading all the hype about Gone Girl, I couldn't wait to get started. As luck would have it, we had a unbearable heat wave when this book arrived so I sat on my couch July 4 and read the entire book. I found the book to be extremely well written, crafty, genius, devious - a million things will run through your mind. Twists and turns, superbly written,thought provoking...really enjoyed the book. I admit the end had be a little deflated but still a huge fan of this book.
I very much enjoyed this book. I am becoming an avid reader and this was one of my favorites lately. I wasn't a big fan of the back and forth writing style, but after I got used to it and got into the book I started to really enjoy it. I think the twists make the book very enjoyable for everyone to read and I like how she has a way of making everyone react the same way throughout the book. I am looking forward to reading more of her books. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes suspense, mystery, with a little bit of romance hidden throughout.
An excellent read after the first few chapters and a surprise ending too...
Great detail all connected.  Reader oscillates as the emotions ebb and flow
I had never read anything by her and wound up getting Sharp Objects. Loved it so much that I got Dark Places. Didn't really want to get this book because it was a movie (I hadn't seen it though) but after reading the other two books, I just had to check it out. OMGosh! It was so good. Glad I saved the best for last! It was truly an awesome story with lots of twists and turns and written so well! Loved everything about this book. Since I've burned through everything that she has written now, I can not wait for her next novel! Hurry Hurry, Mrs. Flynn!!
A man, Nick, finds one day that his wife Amy has disappeared and he is soon suspected of murdering her.  This book is a subtle thriller that explores what can go wrong when two people who have been conditioned to pretend their whole lives try to make a life together.  When someone wears a mask for too long, there's a risk they'll become the mask.  While there might be an occasional flaw in this diamond, such as Nick's first person narrator sometimes holding back from the reader things he would be thinking, these don't diminish the power of this work.
Gone Girl is a very fun, enthralling read. The story is told from two points of view, husband Nick and wife Amy.  Amy is the titular missing woman.As the tale unfolds the reader keeps reassessing the situation, and the characters and their motivations.  Did Nick kill Amy? Did Desi? Was it her parents? Is she truly dead? Flynn keeps you guessing until the very end, you'll never guess the true ending.It's great. Buy it, enjoy it, tell your friends. There's a movie version coming out in October so your non-reading friends can check that out.
I found the start of the this book boring, but if you, like me, find it boring at the beginning, don't let that put the book down. The most intriguing and original book I have read in a very long time! What an imagination both on the part of the writer, Gillian Flynn, and her characters, Amy in particular. You first hate Nick, and think he weird, a cold bastard. Then all that change.  Then, you first like Amy, feel sorry for her and sympathize with her, even if she comes across as shallow, but then all that change... This book is amazingly brilliant!
Although this is not my all time favorite novel (that honor goes to 100 Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez), it is, by my standards, the most brilliantly crafted. I truly could not put it down. I went through all 700 plus pages in one sitting. Yet, it's not one of those archetypal, addictive thrillers, that like a snicker bar, keeps you wanting more, only to incite disappointment when it's all finished. It's one of those few novels where the style, plot line, and characters fascinate and engage, without missing a beat, from beginning to end.
Loved the perspective shifts and the humor and the twists!  Yet unlike so many novels with this much going on in terms of plot, the characters and their often darkly hilarious observations were not only entertaining, but seemed weirldy (if pathologically) realistic at least until towards the end.  Perhaps a little bit of dramatic license was necessary to keep things charging along; all I can say is that it worked and I couldn't put the book down.Can't help but think this would make an amazing movie.  Scurrying off to read more by Flynn...
The movie ""Gone Girl"" recently came out, and I was reminded that I wanted to read the book before seeing it. Absolutely thrilling to read - I have never read anything like it, and so glad I stayed up late a couple of nights to read it. Such an interesting twist and turn of events - there were a couple of times I wanted to skip right to the end of the book and read the last chapter b/c I was so anxious about what was going to happen to the characters, but realized that would be akin to eating dessert before Thanksgiving dinner. Glad I waited!
A real page turner! Had me guessing what was going to happen each day...so it was hard to stop reading. I liked the entries from both of the spouses which still kept me questioning until the latter portion of the  book.Since this novel deals with a story similar to actual cases that we see in the news constantly; it made me remind myself (when reflecting on guilt or innocence)a judgment without facts is really wrong and can be swayed by the media along with other factors.I can see a possible sequel or second book in the series. A must read!
Flynn made me fall in love with the characters and hate them at the same time.  I didn't know who I was rooting for and kept switching teams.I read a lot of good reviews about this book, but for some reason I never got past chapter 3 when I put the book down for a few months.  Big mistake.  I started over and after chapter 5 (the chapters are short, so that's only about an hour's reading), I was hooked.This is a great summer read; a page turner you can submerse yourself into.  Good, easy reading with a suspenseful plot twist.
Book club book of 2012. It was everything it was supposed to be. I have yet to meet a person that does not like this book. My copy of Gone Girl has gone missing because of everyone in my life. I would definitely recommend reading this. And the beginning of this book is slow. But once you get to part II it is all excitement. I could not put it down. I am the person who puts down an excellent books because I cannot keep my eyes open. I read through the night and desperately wanted to call into work to finish. (Too Much?) I am waiting for the movie!!!
Thought the novel was excellently written.  At first I couldn't get into and thought I wouldn't finish.  However, once I got into it a little I couldn't put it down.  My wife saw the movie and said it was excellent and I told he not to tell me anything until I finished the book.  I was completely shocked and dumbfounded about how the book ended.  I wanted in the worst way for Nick to get even with Amy.  The author certainly kept me in suspense throughout the novel.  However, the ending was a complete SURPRISE!  Which I think makes for a good book.
OK, I admit it -- it's Sunday evening and I've spent the whole weekend with this book; couldn't put it down.  Never knew where it was going or how it would end, and really enjoyed going along for the ride.  It's exquisitely written and intricately plotted.  The characters are flawed and complex.  The structure is engaging, with alternating chapters narrated by the two main characters.  It's a thriller, but a lot more.  I don't want to give anything away, but it deserves all the credit it's received.  I'm interested in reading more by this author.
All in all, read the book. 100% read the book. It is a thriller in the way that it thrills your mind. It makes you think, makes you question, and keeps you wondering. I love those kinds of books, the ones that even when you close the pages, they still are left lingering in your mind for days, weeks, years following. I will definitely be reading more from the very talented, Gillian Flynn.To read my full review on this book, check it out on my website here! http://thegreenpalatelife.com/post/101937458419/what-im-reading-gone-girl-review
The main characters were not people that I fell in love with, although somehow I felt myself rooting for each of them at different times. I was drawn (sucked) into the story fairly quickly and am disappointed that the movie has already left our area. I hated the ending, which actually means that it was a great ending, the kind that leaves the reader dissatisfied. No neat tidy endings! Kudos to Gillian Flynn for designing such complex characters, relationships, and situations that they really do appear to be as foolproof as Amy designs them to be.
I hadn't read any of Flynn's other books and just happened upon this one.  I was hooked from the very beginning and ended up reading this book in 2 days as I couldn't put it down.  The story was well crafted and I loved the narration from different characters.  It took me through so many emotions and feelings towards the characters.  I can't tell you how much I loved this book.  If there were any down sides to it, I wasn't completely enthralled over the ending but I can understand why it ended that way.  And of course, I'm waiting for the sequel!
I haven't been reading much this past year, I ordered a kindle as a holiday gift to myself and began searching for something to read. A coworker recommended this book to me (as well as sharp objects and dark places, both written by the author of this book) so I purchased this book and can honestly say I was hooked. Yes I was a little bored in the first few chapters but once it started to pick up it did not slow down. I was impressed by style in which the author chose to tell this story and I must say it works very very well. A definite must read.
I was captured by this book from start to finish.  I love how the author took us on a journey of this couple from both perspectivies.  Going back and forth you seem to get a full picture of these two people and their marriage.  The best thing about this book it that you did not know what was going to come next.  I was in suspense, laughing out loud, and talking about this book for days!!  You will not be disappointed, from start to finish you never seem to know what will happen next.  The author does a wonderful job of keeping you on your toes!!!
I'm halfway through this book, so I can't comment about the ending, but I am truly enjoying this read. (It's an early Christmas present to myself, and I must say that I've outdone myself this year!) The leading characters have the seriocomic believability of real people - very well developed. The dialog is witty without being inaccessible, and the plot twists happen just often enough to hold my interest. I already know that I will buy and read more of Gillian Flynn's work. And I'll certainly watch out for the temptation to act like a Cool Girl...
Extremely well written novel, switching back and forth between the voices and stories of Nick and Amy. A thriller in its own sense, both characters such creative master minds. Amy however steals the story with her amazing self discipline and quite frankly, psychotic demeanor. For as captivating and great of a story that it is, I'm disappointed in the mediocre ending. However, for justice to be a part of this book at all, would be a mediocre waste within itself. This book is a must read before viewing a must see movie. Gillian Flynn is BRILLIANT.
LOVED this book!  Had crazy dreams from it.I thought Flynn did an exceptional job developing the characters. Dysfunction on so many very true levels!  There were a couple flaws that really stood out to me regarding a police investigation that seemed pretty basic even for the inept team put on the case.  However, that in no way took away from this great novel.I'm totally hooked on Flynn. Going to read the other novels and keep pandering for more from her!!
Gone Girl--a psychological thriller that kept me on the edge of my seat, even though I had seen the movie!!!  The movie was good, but the book...oh, so much better.  The book has more explanation at the end, than the movie did, and it is just riveting!  You should not miss reading this one if you like suspecting characters who appear ""normal"" while having a very dark side to them (And, don't we all have some secrets in our lives that should not be revealed?)  This one will take your breath away--at least it did mine!  I want a sequel!!!
Just finished the book....it is...amazing really. Reading this book was like being on a roller coaster. It makes you angry, alarmed, surprised, frustrated, sad, and disgusted. I wasn't sure I would like it as I was reading the first part of the book. The first chapter of part two was a game changer though. It's hard not to give away anything....I wanted to read the book before seeing the movie. I loved the book and like how Gillian Flynn tells a story. Just for reference I also enjoyed Dark Places...but I did not like Sharp Objects.
I found this book so interesting as it did not follow the usual plotting for a mystery novel.  In fact the writer was able to incorporate so much in this book as to why the disappearance of the protagonist occurred.  The author dug into martial love and hate, child rearing, police procedure, siblings relationships, community, and how people are easily fooled when the manipulator is beautiful and very smart.  Some reviewers did not like the ending.  I thought it was great and would make for a great discussion at a book club or with your friends.
Kept me turning the page, staying up way past my bedtime. A rarity for me.
It took a little while to get used to the varying perspectives but it didn't take long to adjust. The duration of reading the book is like a game - never sure of who is telling the truth and left to our own devices when choosing whose side to take. Both characters have differing traits to make us view them as humanly as possible - we are all inherently good at heart yet each human will undoubtedly have flaws. The only real gripe I have is that the book has an abrupt ending. So much back and forth between and then it screeches to a sudden halt.
I am not going to list any of the details here since it spoils the fun of reading mystery, especially books like Gone Girl, it's so much surprises!Read this book a few month before the movie came out.Saw movie last night, and I would reccomend to watch movie before reading the book because movie itself is very enjoyable and lots of twists and turns even though some details are omitted comparing to the actual book. If you already had read the book, it may reduces all the surprises on the movie (but movie is still really good.)
I was skeptical about this book for the first couple of chapters; I'm so glad I persisted, because soon I couldn't put it down! I love how it is written in two voices. My loyalty to and sympathy for the characters kept changing. I found my self thinking about the story line when I wasn't reading, trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together. Some things I figured out (and felt very smart!), but there were surprises until the very end. Now that I know how it ended, I'll probably read it again and enjoy seeing how the pieces all fit together.
I've never read anything quite like Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn.  It's a psychological thriller from start to finish.  The mind games thatthese characters play are just amazing.  I was totally drawn into the storyline, and began to feel a little claustrophobic as the plotthickened throughout the book.  Suspenseful and, yes, a little terrifying, at times.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes agood psychological study of two characters who are totally wrong for each other and yet try to live together as husband and wife.
This review needs to be short and sweet because I want to give absolutely no spoilers!  Just know that as you read this book, you're bound to be surprised.  As the story begins, it seems like it's practically word for word `taken from the headlines' of a case a few years ago.  As it progresses, I was thinking - he's innocent!  He's guilty!  He's - - wait a minute - - what just happened?!!  Some great twists and turns and suspense right up to the subtly shocking ending!  I can see why this book has been on the best seller lists for many weeks.
This is a terrific book. The writing is first rate and the plot is intricate and fascinating. Without giving the story away, the complexities of two people in a marriage falling out of love and into resentment and anguish is handled with such delicious skill that the reader, even polished mystery readers who know the end of the book after reading the first page, are carried along because of terrific plotting and writing. Gone Girl could be a primer for a class on marital dysfunction and therapy. By all means, read it before you see the film.
By now, if you haven't read this book, you, at least, know what the premise is. Just when the reader thinks he/she might have this one figured out, there's a twist that changes everything...and it happens regularly. Attachments to the characters change often, as do their personalities. I've heard a lot of complaining about the ending but couldn't see it happening any other way. Loved it and looking forward to seeing the movie. Halfway through I found out who is slated for the part of Nick and I could picture him through the rest of the book.
This book is so crazy, it's almost believable. At first I thought Nick killed her and when I found out she was getting even for him cheating on her, I was kinda glad. She was taking things farther than required, to the point of psycho. People are messed up, and they do messed up things but Amy is crazy! Of course Nick is too. How could he stay with her and look at himself in the mirror? It's almost scary, because crap like this could really happen. Amy's parents should have been dissected and looked at more closely, they are total nuts too!
I kept thinking that through the 1st half of the book. Then it switched gears. Smoothely. Effectively. Not to diminish Tim O'Brian""s terrific novel. But Flynn bent the thought and carried it into a fun realm unexpected. Those who didn't enjoy this work disliked the ending, but I was intrigued by what appalled them. I do not know if this is great literature, but I certainly found it a great read. Really interesting characters. Really interesting plot. I don't know if I'd wish a luncheon with the characters, but lunch with the author? Yikes!
This is full of twists and turns and I had no idea how it would all turn out. It was a  page turn-er for sure! Even when you think you have it figured out ... nope. Totally different! My feelings about/for the characters changed all the time.  I felt sorry for them one minute then thought they were awful the next and then I wasn't sure! It was a wild and crazy ride with many ""WHAT NO WAY!"" along the way.I liked the ending ... I will write the rest of it in my mind and decide how the crazy ends (or does it) :)Enjoy!
Really enjoyed the characters in this book, well-written and suspenseful!
Page turner.  You might think you have it figured out but you'd be wrong!
I really enjoyed this book. It is interesting reading and disturbing at the same time. It is told in parts by each of the two main characters. The characters are both sympathetic and despicable at the same time. Some will dislike the ending and some will love it. At first, I hated the way it ended. I was looking for more justification and satisfaction in the fate of the two main characters, but then I realized that the ending was really done the only way it could have been done without feeling too cliche or wrapped up in a tidy package.
WOW!!! What a ride!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and until the end, you're never really sure, as the old song goes, who's zooming who!! This story is such a page turner and SO well written that I was reading sections to my husband out loud!!! I did see the movie as well, and it was ALMOST as great, but even though it was nearly 3 hours, you cannot capture the tautness of the written word. Ms. Flynn did an extraordinary job with this one! I've not read her other books, but this one is worth every penny and is definitely an ""E ticket"" ride!!!
The book was one that hooked me in no time at all. I am so glad I went with my gut and decided to buy this book. The story is one that will have you wanting to know what happens. Suspense is lurking around the corner of the pages. What is going to happen with the characters? Reading the story I fell in love with the way it was written, first person alternating between characters. One of my favorite things about the book is it is a stand alone. No sequels and they are not needed at the end. It is a must read before the movie comes out.
Gillian Flynn tells a compelling story of a relationship gone awry as two very self-centered characters over time peel away the images of who they thought they needed to be to impress the other.Without giving anything away, let it be said that Flynn is always many steps ahead of the reader, and this, as well as her at once hilarious (because there is some truth there) and dark turns-of-phrase...and excellent grammar....kept me reading (at the breakfast table, as a passenger in the car, etc).Perhaps there will be a sequel??
The best way to experience this book is to read it first, before reading ANY reviews. I loved the book, but I had read one review beforehand that, while it didn't contain any actual spoilers, still let me know enough about the plot to see what was coming from the start. So for me, I felt like the book would have been even more enjoyable if I had no advance warning of what to watch out for. That said, the plot was extremely fun to follow, like putting an intricate puzzle together. Very satisfying when the final piece clicks into place!
Author Gillian Flynn artfully weaves a tale of ""love gone wrong"" and succeeds in bringing readers along for the tumultuous ride. For those readers who enjoy plot-driven novels, this one definitely hits the mark with its many twists and turns. But what makes Flynn's novel a ""five star masterpiece"" is her ability to draw readers into the characters' psyches, which makes for an unpredictable journey through page after page of suspense, unanswered questions and misguided finger-pointing.A great weekend escape!
This is without a doubt one of the best thrillers/suspense novels I have ever read.  It has two of the most interesting and chilling characters ever created.  The book plays with your mind with twists that you will never see coming.  It is an absolutely ""amazing"" read (and I use the word ""amazing"" as a special word of praise to Gillian Flynn - you'll see what I mean if you read the book!).  BTW, some reviewers thought the ending was disappointing; however, I think it ended the only way it could, and it was stunning.  Kudos Ms. Flynn!
I thought this was a good book, but a little slow and kind of meandering until BAM. I don't want to say too much and spoil the story, but this book had some great twists and will keep you reading until way past lights out!The characters are deep, rich, and real with flaws, strengths and history. The plot is so carefully woven that the surprises are all carefully crafted so all the previous details have led you there, even if you missed them.The ending was not as satisfying as I would have hoped, but haunting.
This book had me in its web from chapter 1.  I'm not a fan of mysteries, but since it was on our book club list, I decided to give it a try and I'm glad I did.  I know many won't like the ending, that it didn't provide enough ""closure"" for some, but that's what I liked about it . . . it seemed more real to me.  The fact is that so many authors tie up the story with a pretty ribbon, but life doesn't always lend itself to such solid closure.  I respect the author for not assuming that we readers need tidy endings.  Thank you, Gillian!
After seeing the advertisement for the movie and realizing it was a screen adaptation of this book, I decided to read the book first. OMGGGGGGGG this book was a hell of a ride. I was on the edge of my seat the entire time trying to figure out what happened to Nick's wife and if he murdered her or not. I won't give away the plot but I will say this book was worth every penny and it was a thrilling read. I'm not even into mystery/suspense books but I loved this one!! Ms. Flynn has a new fan for sure! I can't wait to go see the movie!
This great little thriller will never win a Big Book Award, but it entertains right down to the last page. It is best saved for those places where time passes slowly, the magazines are lousy and that copy of War and Peace you brought along just doesn't beckon. Gone Girl is clever enough to carry you right away from that middle coach seat you're in, the one by the lav, even when the occupant of the seat in front of you snaps his seat back into your knees, and the single remaining meal choice remaining is fish.M. Feldman
Has the excitement gone out of your Perfect, Amazing, Marriage? How far are you willing to go to keep your marriage ""Amazing""?  What happens if familiarity is replaced with infidelity?  Only ""HELL"" knows the furry of a woman Scorned!  Follow Gillian Flynn as she leads you through this ""dual"" interpersonal, prospective of lovers not willing to compromize for perfection even if someone has to die.I would like to recommend this book to everyone that firmy believes that they know their spouse.  There are always secrets....
4 chapters in and I'm in love. Amazing writing style, and so intriguing.
I really enjoyed Gone Girl and read it as fast as possible.  I am an avid mystery reader and Gone Girl was different from the usual plots of cat and mouse.  The author developed the husband and wife characters beautifully, and the switching of perspectives, each chapter, kept me wanting to see both sides.  I was always changing my mind...at the end of a chapter I would be favoring one or the other and then switched as I read the opposite view point in the following chapter!  I loved the ending and immediately bought Dark Places.
I have read numerous reviews which mention the disappointing ending of this book....however, I read this book from the perspective of psychologically understanding the complex and synergistic dynamics that entangle within a relationship between a sociopath and a dysfunctional codependent........This author did a SUPERB job giving the reader a very realistic view into the inner workings of the mind of a narcissistic sociopath. The ending was quite consistent, IMO, with what one might realistically find in such a relationship....
This was a very fast read! I couldn't put the book down, much to the chagrin of my family, who attempted to talk to me the day and a half I was glued to my Kindle. Unpredictable from beginning to end, nothing goes as you think it will, no one acts as you assume they will; it was unsettling, and mesmerizing, from beginning to end. The message for me was that the truth matters less and less in today's society. In the absence of facts, it's all how you present your story, sad as that may be, and the best PR wins. A fabulous read!
Took me a little to get through the diary and the real time but it worked.  Loved the forensics and the story.  Hated the ending but hey that is what some people do.  Not me but some...Better read than the movie but enjoyed both.  Had to see how the book played in the movie and it did a good job.  Great casting for Ben who is a natural in not revealing his true feelings. Surprised at the Niles casting of the former boyfriend but interesting.  Enjoyed both.  Recommend reading the book first (as always) but the film is good too.
In my opinion, the first part of the book started out slow for me. In fact, I picked up the book, would read some, and put it back down. The reviews kept coming in that it was a great book. I started and stopped the book about 3 times. However, when it finally ""got me"" I could not put the book down. I stayed up all night reading the book. The novel was mystery and plot twists and turns. I did not like the ending, I did not think it was as thought provoking as the rest of the novel. However, it is a ""must read.
Wow! I was quite late to this party, but I'm so glad that I finally read this book.  It was filled with twists, turns, intrigue etc., so all of the ""commercial stuff"" was there. But is was also well written with plenty of nuance for those who still like books that actually them think. Go figure. I've seen some criticism in the media about the female characters being stereotypes, but I disagree. I thought that all of the characters were well drawn and three dimensional. I will definitely be reading more by this author.
I often grow bored with 'mystery' shows and novels. My gf and I make it a game to figure out how the story will end. Too often we are right... long before the 'very intelligent' characters uncover what's going on.This book however was the first one in a long time that I couldn't predict. Too often, to prevent the audience from figuring out the ending, writers just refuse to give them hints. But this book is different. It gives you the clues but you probably won't figure out how is going to end until it's too late.
This is the second book I've read by this author, and she is incredible!  She must be twisted in the head to even come up with this stuff, but it is a delightful read.  I keep trying to solve the mystery, and every time I think I may have an idea, the author makes another twist and I am baffled again.  The twists carry the reader through the book, and even the end twists and turns as the truth is revealed.  Unlike many books, the end doesn't offer full closure, but instead a really creepy feeling.  I love this author's books!
I was SO pleasantly surprised with this book. I hadn't heard anything about it. A co-worker recommended it to me. It was amazing. The plot twits and turns are so totally unexpected ! The characters are so real. The internal struggles and thoughts of all the characters are staggering. As each chapter developed I found myself being unable to read quietly - I was either expressing shock out loud or laughing at myself for being so shocked at the plot twists. I have told everyone I know to read this book ! It is a really fun read.
Gillian Flynn takes you on a roller coaster ride of emotions and astonishment. You may see the characters' next moves coming but then you cannot foresee the results of their actions. This book is intense and gripping. A great read! Although it is an extremely entertaining and thrilling novel, it also makes us look at our relationships and our current American society. Entertaining AND thought provoking? Unusual for certain! Read it before you see the movie. Then hurry to the theater and watch a fantastic book in film. Enjoy!
This book was an absorbing read full of entertaining plot.  I read Sharp Objects by the same author, and there was a clear improvement in plot and writing from that book to Gone Girl.  My only hard critique would be that it definitely requires 'the willing suspension of disbelief' a few times, but in all that does not detract from the reading experience.  I would definitely recommend if you are looking for a twist on the theme of a marriage in crisis.  I read it for a book club, and it led to some lively discussion in group.
This book is not only very well-written from a technical point of view but the plot is one of the most interesting I have come across in a long time.  It's clever and witty with interesting turns of phrase.  Furthermore, it provides food for thought about the relationships between men and women in general and husbands and wives in particular, and the roles we assume in our conjugal relationships.Each chapter transitions easily from the last and into the next, leaving the reader wondering what can possibly happen next.
Gillian Flynn rocks.  I am now ruined.  Flynn, (Tana) French, and (Kate) Atkinson are now the only 3 mystery writers I can read.  They stand head and shoulders above anyone else (that I've read, anyhow) in crafting edge-of-your-seat mysteries/thrillers w/requisite twists and turns, deep psychology (i.e., great 3-dimensional characters), and legit literary punch.  Having read all of their works, I just have to wait for one of them to write something else - unless and until someone can turn me on to a 4th author of their ilk.
I found this interesting and dark novel  very well written and engaging
I really enjoyed this read.  Enough twists and turns to keep me hooked.
The year is young and yet I have to predict that Gillian Flynn's new novel Gone Girl is going to be one of my ""best books this year"".  I was very pleased to see this new work turn up on Amazon Vine and I really enjoyed it.I had debated a lot of titles for this review, and I had to abandon all of them because they gave away certain things about this book that readers should discover for themselves.  (The word ""amazing"" comes from a series of books that Amy's parents wrote when she was growing up called ""Amazing Amy"" - said books being both a benefit and a detriment to her later life.)  It's a difficult book to review without major spoilers, so bear with me!  In a nutshell: 5 years married, Nick and Amy have moved from Manhattan to his hometown of Carthage, Missouri to rebuild their lives after losing their jobs in the recession and to take care of Nick's elderly, ill parents.  On the day of their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears...and this starts the ball rolling through a novel that is simultaneously a fascinating character study, a mystery and a portrait of post-recession, small-town middle America.  Flynn manages all these subjects brilliantly and creates a number of memorable characters: easy-going Nick, competitive, smarter-than-we-thought Amy, Nick's sharp, underemployed sister Go, Amy's unabashedly PDA parents Marybeth and Rand, Nick's Alzheimer's-suffering father, and many more.  Her picture of Carthage is just as memorable, from the bands of homeless men walking along the river to the abandoned giant shopping mall filled with squatters to the failed McMansion neighborhood Nick and Amy live in.This book makes a lot of comments about relationships and how well we think we know the people we are supposedly closest to.  We all know that the face we show while we're dating someone is (usually) different from the one we show once we're in an established relationship.  What if the masquerade continues?  What if what we think we know about a spouse or other close relative is completely wrong?The story is told in the alternating voices of Nick and Amy, which worked well for me.  It's clear that neither spouse is perfect; Amy seems to put a lot more into the relationship than Nick does, and it's been hard for her to leave their previous life behind in Manhattan and start over in another state.  Nick tends to take the easy way out of any problem, but he loves his wife and wants to make their midwest life work.As I said above, I don't want to give too much away - Flynn is so good at gradually revealing what's really going on that I would feel terrible if I spoiled it for you.  It's such a pleasure to read such a well-constructed novel, and it's one that will stay with you for a while after you finish it.Very highly recommended, and if you haven't sampled Flynn's talents before, I also highly recommend her previous book Dark Places, an equally great character study/mystery.
So many twists and surprises and convincing characters made this a fascinating story. I feel like setting up an account for therapy for their baby-to-be. One thing I loved was the descriptions of how women talk and think about men from Amy's point of view. Ms. Flynn knows American women inside out, hands down. The primal fears of men are addressed in a convincing way, too, and masterfully woven into the story. I recommend this book, not as light reading, but as a study in the darker side of rather common mental disorders.
She's one of my new favorite writers now that I've read this book.  Flynn is a genius at psychological thriller....so much so that I was completely engrossed in the book throughout its entirety. The main characters are so compelling and complex. I agree with the reviewers that because the characters are so complex it's hard to know whose side of the story to believe, but I think that's the beauty of this novel - not knowing who to trust. So amazing from start to finish that I wish I could read it again for the first time.
Went back and forth as to whether or not I would read this book.  Nearly downloaded it a dozen times -- but felt that reading something that was so popular would almost be ""derivative"".  Finally decided to download it and read the book quickly last weekend, before everyone saw the movie and let the cat out of the bag.  I am so glad that I read this book!  I loved the writing style, the story line, the mystery, the suspense.  A book that you experience, rather than just read.  Everything I look for in a great read!
In one word ""Brilliant"". I was looking for a unputdownable book and read about it on the Amazon list. What a find. Beautifully constructed plot and characters. Love to hate them and in the end don't know who to sympathise with! Keeps you guessing (though I guessed a bit:)) Lyrical at times especially its take on soulmates and single child. And what a take on marriage! A great book for any thriller buff. Actually a must try for anyone. Read it in a day flat. That good. Though the end could have been shorter. Dragged a bit.
This story had me hooked from the beginning. The characters were so well crafted: I knew them, I saw them, they lived and breathed. Vivid, vivid! The story line itself at a 50,000 foot view is not original: wife disappears and the husband is the prime suspect. What is spectacularly original is the way the author reveals the story, with a his and hers point of view, allowing the reader to be pulled in, and the carpet to be pulled out from under us. We become as agitated, infuriated and helpless as the story's protagonist.
This book is brilliant, but what a roller coaster!  You're never sure what the heck is going to happen next, never sure who you should root for, if anyone.  The first half is great, but once it hits about the halfway point, I started wanting to do nothing but read constantly.  Stay up too late, not go to work, whatever, just give me some more of that yummy book.  Thinking maybe I should switch to something light and fluffy for my next read, give my psyche a rest, but am very interested in what else Ms. Flynn has written.
I'd heard a lot of good things about this book but didn't actually know anything about the plot. I was going on a 10-hour road trip with my boyfriend and his brothers, so I knew the three of them would be talking ""man stuff"" while I'd sit there in silence. To keep myself entertained, I downloaded Gone Girl on my Kindle. It was AMAZING. I even pretended to have a headache one night of our trip so that I could stay at the hotel to read while everyone else went out to eat. I love eating, so it's a pretty big deal :)
I absolutely loved reading this novel, and it is now at the top of my bookshelf!!! While reading the three books by Gillian Flynn, you watch her grow as a writer, which is something to really appreciate. She is captivating, artistic, and so attentive to detail- I admire her for this brilliant work! I can read this book again and again- the movie did it such justice, (and I usually don't watch movies after finishing an amazing book). 5 stars, best book of the year. Absolutely amazing, and cannot put it into better words.
I have never written a review before but I loved this book. I couldn't put it down. I have it on my kindle, on audio and I have the paper back. I have let two friends borrow it so far and I've referred it to my boss. There were a couple spots that the story was slow but it wasn't enough to deter me. When I finished it I didn't like the ending very much. After I thought about it for a while I decided that I was satisfied with how it ended. The crazy thing is is that there are really people out there like this. Good book.
I give this book five stars because it truly deserves ten! I loved the way it was written, never, at any time was I bored, or urged to push passed even one sentence. This book really does keep you scooting to the edge of your seat, losing sleep to finish, and catching every free second to read more. I hope they have given it justice in the film. I cannot honestly say that I was thrilled with the ending, though. But the beauty, even in that is that everything in the world doesn't go the way we know it should. Great read!
Written so well.This book is highly relatable, in my opinion. It's written in a capitative way that makes you beg for more, and you also find yourself falling for the characters through their personal little quirks, humor and humanity.I completely see this book becoming one of the best movies of the century, and am extremely thrilled that they chose to actually make a movie about it.Highly recommended to anyone who likes a good movie, but really feels they should be doing some more reading.
Absolutely held my interest!  Loved the twists and turns.  I must admit I was surprised!  I will not say as I wouldn't want to spoil the read for anyone, but I will say read the book!  I will admit I found the first 3-4 chapters slow, but then the story line really took off.  The nice thing about reading electronic is that you can't skim ahead as easily. Whether you read paper or electronic, go get the book.  It won't disappoint.  Plot well developed.Thanks, Gillian.  Now to read your next book while on vacation.
From the synopsis, I expected it to be a dark and suspenseful plotline, and it definitely lived up to that expectation. But I was still thoroughly surprised by the plotline twists and was really engaged with the complex characters throughout the entire book. At times, it felt a bit slow, but all of the details make more sense as the book progresses. It really is a brilliant, mysterious, suspenseful story that will tug at your emotions and heartstrings. It is also a bit gory, so it's definitely not for a young audience.
Amazing book! Much better than the movie...as usual! Definitely a great, easy and fast read because you don't want to put it down! I highly recommend reading the book before watching the movie because I find that anytime I see the movie and then read a book,  I always find myself being disappointed that the movies leave important details out (I'M LOOKING AT YOU MY SISTERS KEEPER =\) and I'm the kind of person who would rather read a plot twist and be surprised by it in a book before a movie! WORTH THE READ!! LOVED IT!!
I started this book once before and put it down before I finished the first chapter because I thought it was too ""wordy"". I was mistaken. Once I actually got to chapter 2 I started to wonder what the characters ( the two main) were going to do next. There are so many twists that I could not figure out how it was going to end up until the past couple of pages.This is a great read! You do not know why she is missing and it will drive you crazy so you keep reading as you neglect housework and sleep! ;)
Truly one of my favorite reads in ages!  From page one to the last word, which I dreaded because I wanted this book to go on and on......I was caught in the mystery.  The two main characters are fully described as the pages turn, so you are seeing through their eyes, alternately rooting for each.  Each character is fascinating, with the author giving traits to each.  Just a great book which I cannot recommend enough!!  I'm now looking for Ms. FlashFlynn's other work.You will enjoy 'Gone, Girl', I am sure!!!
In my opinion, Gone Girl started off a bit slow. It took the first 100 pages or so for me to get hooked; but once I was, there was no putting this book down. What an excellent job by Gillian Flynn! The intricacies of this novel are fascinating. Every single detail, even the ones that you don't think will play a major role in the development of the plot; actually weaves through the whole story, holding everything together. I've never read anything so masterful. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great read!
I thought this novel was great.  I loved and loathed the main characters at the same time.  They were intriguing and complex.I read a bunch of 1 star reviews by readers who primarily hated the ending.  I thought the ending was pitch perfect.  It fit in with all that had come before it in the novel.  A more traditional ending that would fit our cultures current need to have everyone feel good about how the characters turned out would have been a huge disappointment.I highly recommend this novel.
Gillian Flynn always delights me with her raw, honest emotions. Living in the corporate world, I know people show one face to the public, and live in a whole other world internally. Gillian captured, beautifully, the nature of most human's crazy balance of our inside voices versus the voice we show the world. Life is not perfect. We make choices and live with them. Too many books try to rewrite the world to make everything always turn out perfectly. This book says, ""Yep, sometimes life sucks-deal with it."" I loved it.
I really loved this book although with the alternating stories it was kind of hard to keep track of where you were on a Kindle.  I liked the style though, it made you constantly wonder who the good guy really was.  By the time I got to the end of the book I had decided they were both a pair of lying sickos' and sort of deserved each other.  I felt sorry for poor Go though, she must have felt very used. Poor thing, and he was her twin. Scary!  I hope there is a follow up, perhaps Long Gone Girl, In Prison.  Or Is She?
This is one of the greatest book on a missing case person I have ever read. Gone Girl has all the mystery, suspense and great characters throughout the storyline. Once the ""Girl"" in the story goes missing the suspicions always end up on the husband. Told throughout the perspective of Nick - the husband and his missing wife. Alternative stories lead you to hope for the missing case to be solved. Small town case, big town mystery leads to an unexpected missing person plot. I was not able to put this book down!
This is my first 5 star review. I loved this book. I was going to bed early just to get a couple of hours read in before I went to sleep. Could not put it down. Just a minor thing was it dropped off a bit in places but soon picked up the pace again. The 2nd part is where all the action is.Despite what other reviewers have said about the ending I thought it was a prefect ending and the only way it could end. I will read her other books and look forward to the next ones.Don't hesitate - buy it and read it.
One of my favorite books last year.  Loved the back and forth in time from first person antagonist viewpoints --I can find this type of writing difficult to follow, in this case it was so well done that it enhanced the story. I was left for days later thinking about the characters, how we go through life, comparing self and how I would react to different situations.  Characters pulled me in and I still love them.  One of my 5 star requirements is a book that I'm thinking about the characters for a few days.  5 star.
This book is a mystery. As you begin, you are sure that the crime is what is, and the suspect is guilty...but is the suspect really guilty? Is it TOO obvious? The story develops in a specific way, but it changes, and you are still left wondering at the end of the story...what is happening? what are these people doing? To me, that makes a good ending. It was a different, yet interesting story. I recommend it if not for the story, then for just how the twists and turns surprise you. Makes for a very interesting read.
Gillian Flynn is brilliant at exploiting the common place, the mundane. She takes something like marriage, which has the potential to be a lifetime of happiness or go exceptionally wrong; and magnifies the nuances. Gone Girl made me question my own marriage for a hot minute. I accidentally put it under Gillian's microscope... Gone Girl made me uncomfortable, and I liked it. I have a hard time finding books that I truly get invested in. Didn't have that problem here. I read it on vacation and I couldn't put it down.
didn't see that coming ""  could sum up my reactions several times in this book . It does provide some insight into abusive relationships. & why they are so troublesome to many of us. It was a very intriguing story with every kind of twist & turn imaginable . There really is no hero or heroine. It was impossible to put down at least for me. Very different type of author for me. She is quite talented. I believe I would read more written by her. It is good to shake up our world view & see other perspectives.
I loved Gone Girl.  It's told in alternating points of view, which may make it hard to read for some, but it's worth the extra thinking that it takes to follow the plot.  Nick tells the story of his wife, Amy's, disappearance, while Amy tells her side of the story.  The first half of the book is intriguing, but the second half is rivoting!  Every time you think there's going to be a resolution of some sort, another plot twist happens.  Part of the novel had me on the edge of my seat.  I highly recommend this book.
well written, and with the distraction of a poorly written novel gone, i could read without pause, and i did. The story was a mystery maze. At first i was disapointed. I feared another sweet love story, or sad tragic tale. But, the story, though exagerated, was one close to the truth about relationships. People present facades and accomodate the needs and desires of others. A psychological dance leads many into relationships and then out. Fasinating tale, intricate puzzle. I want to read more works by this author.
Well, then. That was one hell of a journey through darkness, and now I'm stuck in one of those first rule of Fight Club situations. On one hand, I'm happy to finally be part of the club, but on the other, I realize the insanity of being part of the club.And now I've already broken the first rule. Sigh.PS: I think the writing is clever, and it is definitely a polarizing story. Some people are going to love it, some hate it. I actually kind of like that about it. Refreshing change of pace...
What a chilling narrative! Things we dismiss as everyday life come in the form of a thrilling mystery here. One thing in the stands out above all: the aspect of marriage. The other things: the modern life and how so much of it is shaped by what we see on TV or in movies; the effect of media in whatever happens around us; the truth that our lives are all on the brink of catastrophe every day now more than anytime in history.Yet to watch the movie. Now, need to do that, to see how Fincher brings it out.
Incredible tantalizing story. Nicks wife of five years gets taken on their anniversary. The book is set up to read as Nick going through current life and Amy's (the wife) past diary entries. As an avid book reader, I didn't expect to fall for the tricks of the characters, and yet I did. About half way through, you think you have the book totally figured out and then there is a twist and it all hits the fan. Which I found to be completely enthrall long. I read it in about 5 days because it was really well written.
Loved Gillian's writing style, much the way my own mind works. I don't give away spoilers, but I will say I wish it had ended a little differently.But don't let that keep you from reading Gone Girl. The characters are truly some of the most developed I have seen in a long while and Gillian loves to make you think you know the entire plot, but there are surprises at every turn!Amy and Nicks relationship is so incredibly disfunctional, just like so many of us!You won't be disappointed.
I read this book based on recommendations from friends. I could not put it down once I started. It is such an in depth look at a disfunctional marriage, the compromises and the consequences of Amy and Nick's marriage. I went back and forth from loving, hating and understanding these characters then feeling bad and justified when each feeling was validated. Gillian Flynn has really gotten underneath the skins of this couple and once you have finished reading it, you will never look at your spouse in the same way!
Gillian Flynn is a rare author nowadays - she has a good story to tell (many authors do) but she also knows how to write very well (not as many authors can).  Her proses are top notch!  Gone Girl was so good that the second I finished it, I hit my Amazon Kindled account and downloaded Dark Places.  I'm a third in and so far I think I might like it even more than Gone Girl if that's possible.  I'll definitely be ordering Sharp Objects next and than I'll be waiting impatiently for Ms. Flynn to write her next book!
This was the most surprising, riveting, well-written book that I have read, well, maybe ever.  I hated him, then I hated her, then I wanted to put a net over each of their heads, then I just wanted to know them because they both are SO smart and interesting.  I have never been a fan of the sequel (and a big part of me wants sleeping dogs to lie), but it's hard to let go of theories about what happens next.  I know what I'm going to do next--get a copy of DARK PLACES or SHARP OBJECTS (Gillian Flynn's other books.
It's a novel full of twists and turns that satisfies anybody craving a good mystery laced with the kind of poisonous affair that made WHO'S AFRAID OF VIRGINIA WOOLF? so compelling. At the heart of the book is the dark territory where men and women merge, and the battleground that leaves both hollow and feral simultaneously. GONE GIRL has its share of melodrama, but it is always sprinkled in with brilliant dialogue and witty observation. It moves at the speed of a freight train, and it's the perfect summer read!
Nick and Amy seemed perfect, but underneath they were deeply flawed. Nick could be distant, cowardly and brooding. Amy needed to be adored and win at all costs. If she was ignored, she could become vengeful. The plot twists reveal that she was also quite brilliant and used her intelligence to exact revenge on the object of her love and hatred--her husband, Nick, when he cheats.The psychological suspense kept me hooked from beginning to end. I truly did not anticipate the story ending the way it did.
I expected decent intrigue..sort of.I expected it would be good because of the friend who recommended it; she's no pushover.However, the intrigue was much more well done than I expected and the writing was wonderful.  The dialogue included glib and ironic comments and a bit of eclectic knowledge to get it.( That made reading the e version fun because the ability to look things up is at my fingertips.)There is a good chance I will read another book written by Gillian Flynn....yep....I think so
There are twists and turns. And in the end you will find yourself twisted , like a vine. Rooting first for one. Then the other. And then for them both. Loving one. Hating the other. Waxing and waning like the moon. I love it when love and hate; awe and loathing; and all the other emotions that share a decidedly fine line between blur into a Monet of impressions that you ultimately feel simultaneously. By the time you figure out the twist, you are too intertwined with the characters to put the book down. Enjoy!
Trying not to give away any of this book, this was an exciting read with unexpected twists and amazing detail. It was a little scary to see some of yourself in these characters. I couldn't put this one down and tried to read as fast as I could to get to the end. I wanted justice! However, this one did not end as expected. For a moment I was trying to decide if I hated the book because it didn't have the ending ""I wanted"", but then reflecting on this whole ride, the ending was rather fitting for the characters.
Without giving away anything, I felt that the ending fits perfectly, but if you need a tidy and predictable ending, bypass the book and stick with formulaic tv shows like NCIS, CSI, etc...ok but big yawn there.  This story is unpredictable all the way to the last word. Edgy, literate, and deliciously twisted.  Perfect vacation read.  You will probably be up late reading, so use a kindle because kindle lighting perfectly complements this dark and rapidly paced modern literary noir. Sleep deprived and worth it
i was sure I was going to hate this book, but i decided to read it before I saw the movie, and I was proven incredibly wrong.  It is a brilliant novel about identity, self, and love.  It took me a while (about fifty pages) to get into the book.  At first I continued my belief that it was silly and irrelevant, but then I realized I was being manipulated, and I admired the writer's ability to twist the world upside down and recreate what  truth and self and identity meant.  Great thriller, great fun, big ideas.
**minor spoilers**Had me biting my nails the whole book. Good suspense, Good story line. Couldn't decide who to believe and then all of the sudden, Amy shows her true colors! I didn't expect that. She is one messed up person and needs physiological help! That's how invested I became with this book. Really good job on the narrative. Loved how everything ties in eventually revealing the mind of a crazy person. I really wish for a mean ending for her but as the original story, the ending was also original.
You cannot put this book down. Diabolical and unpredictable. That said, it was a little like eating a bag of potato chips --- you cannot stop but once you are finished you wished you hadn't started.It was a wild ride. Once it was finally over I was glad to get off.Hats off for an incredible story teller. Too dark for my tastes. Writing style/word choice a bit bland compared to others like Julian Barnes ""Sense of an Ending""  but glad I read it to see what all the fuss was about.
Lots of twist and turns.  Read in two days.  Going to see movie soon.
This novel twists and turns and I absolutely could not put it down.  I read it in one day and bet you will do the same.  The story centers around a marriage that is not what it seems and we get to see what is behind the closed door.  Both husband and wife are at times suspect and victim and we don't know until the end what really happened, or why.  Even after the end is revealed you will still be thinking about this book.  Read it!
This movie is a personification of the saying "" Revenge is a dish, best served cold"" Definitely a book that kicks up the thrill and mystery factor several notches. After five years of marriage, Nick's wife Amy, suddenly disappears. It appears like Nick killed her: her diary, forensic evidence, people's testimonies, all point to Nick. That is Part I. Part II is something where the real twists arrive and you hang on for a thrill of a ride. Thoroughly enjoyed the book and found the ending creepy enough!
I'm going to keep this brief because I don't want to spoil anything. I'll just say that I thought the plot pacing was fantastic and I loved the way that Flynn fleshed out each character and made them believable. I found Gone Girl to be a captivating read and I read it within 24 hours of my purchase.A lot of people are giving this book low ratings because the ending didn't wrap everything up in a nice, perfect package. If you can get past the lack of a tidy conclusion, definitely pick this one up.
I rarely get a chance to sit down and read (two small kids and all) but I got a free e-book code and had a small pocket of time with  nothing to do.This book: amazing.It's really well-written, not the dry style that leaves your eyes glazing over as you skim the pages. It's dark humor and incredibly fast-paced. I'm not the type who reads ""murder mysteries"" but this one is written with just enough humor that it kept me going.For the record, I haven't seen the movie.
Gillian Flynn at her best! Absolutely one of the most intriguing journeys into the psyche of a married couple...extremely clever and hauntingly unpredictable. I cannot find enough words to praise this novel and as an avid reader, it's hard to get a 5 star review like this. You will not be able to put this book down. As usual, a winner for Flynn that leaves you aching for her next novel. If you like mysterious, pyschological thrillers and a peek into the ""real lives"" of people, then this is the book for you.
A difficult book to say I enjoyed, but one with a very deep and dark message. It was well written, I could not put it down, the authorcertainly kept us liking Amy for a long time, and feeling that he was just not a good husband. It turned around so abruptly that itwas almost impossible to fathom!I did see the movie and must admit that I liked the book better than the movie.  Certain scenes in the movie were so vivid and lasted so long it was hard to take.A good read, I recommend it!
Well it is definitely written well.  Have you even seen 500 days of Summer?  The story's similar (in the beginning) as in it goes back and forth sharing current pains of a marriage to the early initial high points moving back and forth from his and her different perspectives.  It is neat and different. Plus this woman can really write.  Her style is clever, down to earth/just plan honest, and she's witty at the same time.  The storyline is intriguing as well.  Can't wait to see the movie when it comes out.
I originally  bought this book because it had been on the New York Times top ten for over a year, and I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. It turned out to be a very original psychological suspense story told in alternate chapters by the two main characters.Your loyalities shift, your perception shifts, you are totally in the middle of a unique situation.Some friends of mine felt this was a very depressing book, but I was captivated all through, and satisfied by the ending.
The opening is not the most riveting thing I’ve ever read. It’s quite domestic. The problems are domestic and rather ordinary. The writing style and a promise of excellence kept me reading, though I did begin to suspect I was wasting my time.Just when my mind began to go on walk-about in earnest, the narrator became positively riveting. Sure, he’d been somewhat droll all along, but he really became fascinating to watch.He’s the ultimate unreliable narrator in a fabulous situation.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I read mostly mysteries and I'm most generally able to figure out the plot and expect the conclusion.  However, this book was way suspenseful and original.  The way Gillian Flynn wove this story from present day to the past until the unbelievably unforgettable conclusion was skillful and totally intense.  it got my attention from the first page to the last. Now I'm on to reading Sharp Objects and more.  What a great writer Gillian Flynn is!!  I highly recommend this book.
It was interesting to me that so many reviewers thought the ending was disappointing/terrible/a rip off/absurd/hateful/etc.,etc.  It's not required for a story to always end in a pleasant way or that the guy and girl ride off on a white horse to live happily ever after.  It ended in the perfect way for two souls as sick as Amy and Nick.  Each of them gets exactly what she/he deserves.  What could be better?  Marvelous story and very well written with great insight as to who we are and why we're that way.
Gillian Flynn scares us most effectively by weaving potential conspiracies that could assail anyone.  This novel allows our worst nightmares to take flight. If you want to nurture your worst-case ""OMG""'s garden to flourish this is the read for you.  I have read two of Flynn's three notable stories.  This one will freak you out, disrupt your sleep and make you look over your shoulder and under your bed. Do not hesitate.  I consistently demand THE story from our writers. Flynn will not disappoint.
By far the best book I have read this year and I read a lot of books!Gillian Flynn leads you on a journey with her two main characters that lulls you into thinking that this is just another psychological thriller like any other until she drops in the jaw-dropping twist half way through that is like no other I have read. Absolute class and exactly what you want from a book in this genre of writing.Superbly written, insightful and very clever this is the must-read book of the year.
After hearing people talk about this book for the better part of a year, I finally decided to give it a read.  For once, a book lived up to the hype.  It is the best book I've read this year.  The characters were unique, multifaceted, and interesting and the story was excellent.  While the ending wasn't what I would have wanted it to be, it was believable and made sense.  Perhaps it was not the best book to read while on my honeymoon, but it kept me highly entertained on the plane ride back from Europe.
Hard to review this book with out giving something away and I don't want to spoil the fun for anyone. Just to say Gone Girl is a true psychological thriller, you will be guessing from page to page as to what happens next and most likely be wrong. I have recommended this book to everyone I talk about books and they all come back and say wow what a story. So if you need something to whisk you away for awhile I highly recommend.
This was the first book by Gillian Flynn I had ever read.  I was pleasantly surprised.  After finishing it, I watched the movie, as usual the book by far surpasses the movie.  It is worth the read, even if you have already watched the movie. The author keeps you engaged and gives you the right amount of surprises.  The story is believable and easy to follow, even with the parts that are to be memories. I will definitely read Gillian Flynn books in the future, especially if they are as good as this one.
This is a story told from two different viewpoints. If you've read a lot of suspense fiction you think you know what's going to come next. It never does work out the way that you think it will. This is a timely story about a wife that goes missing. It seems ripped from the headlines of today. i expected to see Nancy Grace doing a piece on this. Ah, but there are so many delicious twists in this book. This a a masterful author. I would put this in my top five books that I've read in the last five years.
I loved this book.  It started off as a classic whodunit with a weak, yet loving wife and an extremely flawed, equally wak husband.  Then Gillian Flynn begins to reveal the truth of the 'love' story.  The reader sees the true color of both characters. Its a commentary on how people can be manipulated by each other, the media and our need for love no matter how sick. It was a fast read, very entertaining with an edning that mnay find upsetting but somewhat true to life.  Justice does not always prevail.
It is a story about marriage, when it's good and when it's not so good.  The wife goes missing and it seems to go down a typical scenario of the police suspecting the husband, cameras everywhere, vigils for her, combing the woods for her .Secrets start to come out about the husband, and just when you think you know the ending you are put through a psychological ride of your reading experience.It is a shocking look at what can go wrong in a marriage and an ending that is almost unbelievable
Wow, what an amazing story!!  Based upon other reviews, I knew a twist was coming and it did not disappoint.  A very interesting read that leaves you still thinking about it well after you've finished.  I don't want to give away anything but Gillian Flynn has written a quite engaging novel that really pulls you in so that you have to hurry to get to the end.  While I've also seen the movie, which stayed true to the book thanks to Gillian Flynn writing the screenplay, there is so much more in the book.
I could not put this book down!  I thought both the characters Nick andAmy were very deep and well-developed, each with their own demons to contend with.  I was so intrigued from the first chapter and was sucked in more and more as twists and turns were revealed in the wake of Amy's dissappearance.  There were times when I didn't know who to root for and couldn't possibly have guessed how the book would turn out.  For anyone who loves suspence and a good thriller this book should be next on your list!
I'm not satisfied with the ending, to say the least; but the trip there was fun. Nicely crafted. GONE GIRL is a surprisingly entertaining look inside the mind of a sociopath - one that makes me think of people we all could know and probably do. The narrative twists happened faster and more frequently than I'd expected; I found myself being led along one path with a clear look at the presumed sunny destination ahead of me, but there was always a detour that guided me away and back to hell. Recommended.
It has been a while since I found myself literally unable to put a book down - Gone Girl was that book for me.  Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer.  I read Dark Places so I knew she was good but this one was over the top.  She had me hooked at the first page.  Her characters are complex, witty, dark, devious, resourceful and often pathetic but always fully developed.  I found myself becoming indignant with a character on one page to feeling sorry for them on the next - not an easy feat to accomplish.
Written from his and her perspective, this is a great novel, well written, fast paced.  I would love to spill the book version ending, but won't.  Yet let me offer, this is a modern day horror story, a mystery thriller, a psychological page turner,  blast after blast of pure bizarre.  It will come as little surprise after just a few chapters, that yes, indeed, Amy is truly amazing.  And spooky.  And deadly.A great story - don't read the end first!Gretta BranniganSavannah Georgia USA
If you have ever met a couple that were so devastatingly awful for each other, that you couldn't understand why they would stay together, then this book is for you.  A psychological thriller that starts off slow and sullen before it calmly begins to curve into a twist.  Then it picks up speed, hugging the turns, and weaving faster and faster until it smashes, head-on into an unimaginable ending.  You will walk away shaken, confused, and yet somehow completely agree with everything that just occurred.
I loved this book, it kept me engaged and guessing. There are many layers, twists and turns to the characters and storyline. I kept thinking I had it figured out but then another twist. It's been a long time since I've read a book that kept me this interested.  Was it perfect?  No, but it's 'fun' in a diabolical way.  And when the book was finished I had a creeped out feeling that hung on for a while -  diabolically written.  After a while, I'll read another of Flynn's books when I get over this one!
I bought this book months ago just looking for something to take up some of my time. I had not heard of any good books lately so I randomly selected this one. Let me tell you - I'm glad that I did!!! I'm not typically into mystery novels but this one had something special. I absolutely loved the characters and the way that the author slowly built up the story line. If I say much more I will start to give out spoilers..and that would just ruin the mystery! Take it from me. This book is WORTH the read!
At first I could not grasp what was going on in this book!  Back and forth between two characters was confusing..AT FIRST...then I got so enthrawled that I could not put the book down, wondering whats happening now...it was such a great book.  I love psychological thrillers and this book was just that...I wish the ending was a little different, not sure in whaich way, but just different, like more solid..but a great READ!!
I loved this novel very much. Because I watched the movie before the book, I was worried that the book could not be that thrilling or exciting. But as I turn the pages, I found out that the movie did not describe every details as much as we can get in the book. To understand the motive of the characters, the movie is not enough. So I recommend especially for the people who watched the movie, to read this book indispensably. They will experience the deep psychological twists. No regret for this book.
I wish she had written a different ending but both I and my husband loved this book.  Her writing style is very compelling.  Our sympathies would switch with each chapter.  The female character is not the usual goody, goody and the male character has his own flaws.  I stayed up all night to finish it.  Totally believable.  As an academic, I believed her parents would have behaved as they were described and also the male lead.  Fascinating--not the typical procedural or thriller.  Very psychological.
It starts out taking you down a well worn path with two self-absorbed individuals, a married couple.... and just when you wonder if you want to leave it/them by the wayside... you suddenly find yourself running faster and faster, readiing on relentlessly into that dark night....  racing to see what's behind the next curtain of time, circumstance and mystery... you reach the end breathless, but glad you started and finished the journey of this exceptionally well-written and captivating book! -drmikej
I've read some reviews and understand both sides to loving and hating this book...I came to this book from a recommendation of a friend who has always given me books I ended up enjoying...I however loved it. The psychology and everything that's twisted and great about it. It's original. I did start to get a little bored with Part 1, but Part 2 delivered. I definitely recommend this read.I'm starting on Sharp Objects but because of the content can only take it in small doses.
At first, I didn't like the book.  I knew right away what was happening, and was not liking the main characters, something I usually want in a good book.  After the woodshed, though, it was fascinating to see how it was done.  And the twists after that kept me  up late to finish it.  And in the end, the fact that I didn't like the characters made sense and was part of the book's goal.  Ms Flynn has created a fascinating story and people like Amy and Nick didn't exist.  Sad to think they likely do.
I was really surprised by this book. At first I thought it was going to be the whole wrongfully accused husband thing, but then it turned into something completely different. It was a good read that held my interest and had unexpected turns. It is definitely not a happy book but I thought some of the dark truths about marriage were fairly accurate (although I don't think most of us would go as far as they do in the book). Overall I would recommend it and I am curious to see how the movie will be.
I had a love/hate relationship with this book...much like the main characters had with one another! At times I felt sympathy for the characters, at other times I thought they got what they deserved.  Sometimes I wanted to throw the book across the room, yet I kept picking it up to see what happened next. I gave the book 5 stars because for once I had NO idea how it would turn out...usually you can pretty well predict who will end up with whom, and who the guilty party is, etc.  Not with this one!
I had heard a lot about this book before I read it.  So I new the basic plot.  I wasn't sure if I thought I'd like it or not, but wanted to read it before the movie came out.  I loved this book.  It was so twisted and strange but so good.  I don't want to say too much so nothing is spoiled.  I'll say though that a lot of people disliked the ending...but I thought it was perfect.  The characters in this book were too strange for it to turn out any other way I think.  I love Gillian Flynn's books!
This book grabs you a little slowly, I thought.  But once it has your attention, you can't stop until you are done.  I particularly loved the last chapter.  The writer has grasped the narcissistic personality and carried it to a whole new level.  I personally don't see how she could think the way a sociopath does so very well, but she has it down!  If psychological warfare in a marriage is something you find fascinating, this is the book for you.  Would recommend this book to anyone.  Well done.
While Gone Girl has all the ingredients of a classic thriller - it would be unfair to overlook the fact that it stays with us for numerous other reasons. It is at one level a compelling study of contemporary relationships - at another level it is a parable of  human depravity. Above all it creates two of the most fascinating protagonists  in recent fiction who will haunt us for a long time . Certainly goes beyond the label of a best seller and slips into the realm of remarkable literary writing.
I'm only about halfway through, but it's really holding my interest.  This is the first book I've read by this author. In fact, I never heard of her until recently.  The writing is excellent and the story/character development is great.  I say it's like peeling an onion because you keep finding out bits of information that may (probably will) change your assessment of the characters.  I particularly like having the two main characters give your their (very different) views of the same situation.
This book was chosen for our Book Club.  We read the reviews in the paper and felt it would be a good discussion book.I love the way the author gets you feeling all the characters and their emotions.  I felt like I was living it myself.  She has a way with her descriptive words & prose.  I couldn't put it down.  The plot/s keep you wondering al the way through and right up until the end.  A very unpredictable story with many surprises.  I know it will be a good discussion at our Book Club.
I could not put this book down.  Certainly the best book I read all summer.  I loved the unlikable hard edges of the two main characters.  That doesn't mean you won't be enthralled by them. I was compelled and totally interested in both Nick and Amy.  The rough wit and style of Gillian Flynn is cool and I look forward to reading her previous novels.  You will not be disappointed by this amazing ride.  Fun, fun, fun...
Gone girl as a suspense story came as a surprise. I started reading knowing nothing about the plot and refused to watch any commercials about the movie.  The only thing that I knew was that it came highly recommended. The book started out as a wonderful love story about a newly married couple.  What happened next took me off guard with  twists and turns leaving me with my mouth open and unable to put the book down.  Kudos to Ms. Flynn and I thank heaven I don't know anyone like ""Amy"" or ""Nick.
This is a great twisted read that keeps you guessing for awhile then blows your mind. You get to hear two sides of what is going on through out the who done it mystery. Even after you realize where Amy is it still keeps you guessing on what will happen next and who will be going down for it. I couldnt put the book down and read the whole thing in 2 days. I would definitely recommend this read to anyone looking for a little bit of crazy and mystery! I hear it will be in theaters in 2014 as well!
After I read the reviews I was like, ""Okay yeah whatever...Could be good. Could be bad. I'll give it a try, nonetheless.  This book was WONDERFUL! I will confess, the beginning was kind of slow, but that's to be expected with many mystery novels.  I absolutely LOVED the format this book was written; that is, the various points of view.  If you enjoy a good mystery as much as I do, I think you'll enjoy this book.  Definitely different than anything I've picked up before.  I say, give it a shot!
It was really hard to give this book five stars because I really wish we would have found out what happens at the end (I don't want to spoil anything) but it truly deserves five stars. Really good story line it never got slow and kept me guessing the entire time. The characters were so believable and the relationships so relatable. It was definitely a book I couldn't put down and devoured in one sitting. Very smart and well written. It was worth reading and I'm excited to watch the movie now!
Since I've read this book, I've been searching for anything comparable that will get me hooked like Gone Girl did.  I love love love this book.  The plot is so enticing and grabs you from the very beginning.  The way it tells the story from both points of view was extremely interesting to me and I found myself constantly trying to figure out who was telling the truth and I was genuinely surprised at some points.  I'm not usually one to read a book more than once, but this one is an exception.
I've been in a funk lately where I just couldn't find anything satisfying to read. I had actually started four different books just to keep reading. Call it reader's block , if you will. then I read a review of this book in a magazine and thought, why not? I downloaded it to my kindle and was instantly captivated by the story! I'd finally found a book to sink my teeth into an fanned the flames back up for my live of reading! I'm recommending this book to anyone I meet for a good lung while!!!
The first few chapters were a little hard to get me into the story. I am not a fan of the back and forth point of views. If this isn't your thing either... stick it out! It is very much worth it. Wasn't a fan of the ending, well of the last page. One reviewer said it perfectly when they mentioned the aurthor must not have anything else to write so she just stopped. STILL A GREAT READ! I high recomend it, however it is not a ""loanable"" title for kindle, so you can't share it with your freinds.
This book kept me entrenched. Every moment that I could, I would read it. Amy is a sick little beast, to say the least and poor Nick was clueless! This book truly depicts how marriages disintegrate with unreasonable expectations, infidelity, how little a person truly knows about their spouse and finally a lesson on paying attention to red flags about people!  The writing is superb! I hated the ending. However, on a positive note the ending leaves the author to give us more of the unexpected!
After almost a week after finishing this book, I still get chills when I ponder some of the implications of the history of these characters. The device of alternating points of view of the husband and wife is very effective, keeping you off balance as you try to grasp ""the truth""...if there is one. The author writes her diary entrys with such detail, we become a part of the story as we accept or reject each character's view of reality. This author is truly a master of psychological suspense.
Great book! I started out loving Amy and Nick as a couple, to just liking them, to only liking Nick, to hating Nick and loving and feeling sorry for Amy, then to feeling sorry for Nick and absolutely despising psychotic Amy!! The suspense in this book is teeth clenching good! Gillian Flynn is a brilliant woman to have written such an amazing book with such gripping story line. I wish I had more words to say about this book but the only thing I have left to say it....READ IT...it's brilliant!
This book is a true page turner. From beginning to end you want to know what really happened. It starts with a love story, dating, engagement and marriage. Then the wife turns up missing and clues lead the authorities to believe it was murder by the husband. Yet as you read from the husband's point of view you realize that it doesn't fit together. You cling to the book trying to figure out what really happenedThe movie is just as amazing as the book but beware, it'll spoil the ending.
I will be honest, for quite some time I avoided this book because of all the hype surrounding it. I am also faithful to a few select authors and don't branch out much, but  this book seemed like it would be good. I got it for my birthday and read it within 2 days. I did not see the truth until it hit me on the head and that is so rare that this quickly became one of my favorites. I have read this book a second time and passed it along to friends and family. This book is well worth you time.
I read a lot of good books, and this is the BEST book i have ever read... by far.  I wanted to read the book before seeing the movie, and I'm glad I did... this is a must read for anyone who likes suspense, twists and turns.  Most of the time I find myself able to ""predict"" what will happen next in most movies/books, but this one had me stumped and my jaw dropped more than once.  GREAT BOOK.  I'm excited to read more from Gillian Flynn.  This is a genius author.  Definitely 5 Stars.
Usually, books that I really like are character-driven.  Many of my reviews focus on development of character.  Well, this book is all about characters.  I can't say too much more without giving the plot away, but if you are like me and automatically side with the protagonist in a book, then this is for you.  I really could have done without the majority of the second part of the book - or maybe even all of it.  Still, I really enjoyed this and found myself staying up too late to read more.
To be quite honest, The purchase of this book was an accident...lol, but when I started reading it I was pleasantly surprised at how good it is. There is however 1 downfall. It jumps around a lot, going back and forth in time. I am one of those people who don't like that but, with this book there is a reason for this madness...lol. I would HIGHLY recommend this book. I am not finished with it yet but , had it not been the holiday season it would have been finished in 2 days....A super read.
I read this after watching the movie, and, as usual, I enjoyed the book more than the film. (Maybe because of my Ben Afleck dislike?) I enjoyed it so much, in fact, that I immediately read Gillian Flynn's ""Dark Places,"" which did not disappoint, and have ""Sharp Objects"" on my To Read list. Ms. Flynn brings characters to life in a way that you feel like they could be your next door neighbor...or your spouse, if your spouse is one of those cheating, murdery types. Great Book!
Obviously, Gillian Flynn can tell a great story. What spoke to me in this novel was Amy's clever craziness and Nick's brutal honesty. I'm ashamed to admit that I've often concocted similar schemes in my own mind (without acting out on them, naturally). So while the ""big screen"" character of the book made Amy's ""game"" feel unlikely and contrived in parts, Flynn managed to keep me convinced all the way through thanks to the realistic character design and execution. Well done!
This is now one of my favorite books. It is put together pleasantly well, the story line is interesting and was very hard to put down. I remember hours passing by to realize I had to go to bed. I love all the twists and turns. Gillian Flynn is very talented, and I just recently purchased two other books of hers, ""Dark Places"" and ""Sharp Objects."" I am excited. If you've watched the movie without seeing the book, the book is a must read because it is so much more fulfilling.
This book is absolutely amazing!! I can't wait till it turns into a movie (in 2015!), far away but I am sure it will be amazing. You will not be able to put this book down, it has you on edge at every second, every minute, every page you flip. I couldn't believe how awesome this book is as this is not my genre that I normally read. I don't buy into the hype with the reviews on books that aren't my genre but this one, the reviews are completely accurate. Get this book, you won't regret it.
The book is written by 2 points of view:  both the husband and wife.  The author goes back and forth between the 2, while they tell the story.  Which, keeps the reader continually wondering what happens next, but has to get through another chapter just to get to that part, and the cycle begins.  Basically, this book is hard to put down.  Lots of twists and turns.  Just when you're loving/siding with one character, you find something new about another.  Very well written book.  Great read!
Woah.Holy crap, that was good.The wife disappears on their 5th anniversary. The husband's story starts right before the disappearance, and hers starts at the beginning of the relationship when things were roses. And even after you learn what happened, it just gets more twisted.Masterfully written with so many twists and turns and red herrings and deliciously screwed up people and my gosh, can I gush more about this book? Now I know why my e-library had 1,047 holds on it.
Intense, twisted, and full of surprises. I couldn't decide which main character I despised more, yet we all know people just like Nick and Amy. Incredibly well-written and planned by the author, I had no idea how the next page would end. So many possibilities, it was anything but predictable! I could not put this book down for a day and a half. I even called off appointments to finish reading. This is one of those rare books that could translate so well to film without losing credibility.
Well-thought out plot, hard to put down.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Amazing read..I was honestly bummed when I had finished NOT BECAUSE OF THE ENDING, that was a phenomenal twist, but because I honestly don't think I'll find another book that held my interest the way Gone Girl had! This book literally kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time! I love how the author incorporated Amy's diary entries every other or few chapters, brilliantly written total suspense filled novel, can not wait to read her other books..patiently awaiting a sequel(hopefully).
I just finished listening to the unabridged audiobook through Audible. I was engrossed from the first chapter. The narrators are excellent. I can see why some people are disappointed in the ending, but in the context of the characters I think it fits. I understand the author did an excellent but very different adaptation for the movie screenplay, can't wait to see the film. I drive a lot for work, and this book had me looking forward to my next 5 hour drive (it's about 16 hrs unabridged)
I enjoyed the characters in this story. They were soooo intriguing and real. The writing was amazing as I was drawn in immediately and stayed glued to the exciting twists and turns!! Now just this morning I saw a trailer for the movie, ""Gone Girl"". I didn't know a movie was being made! How exciting as now I get to see this incredible and suspenseful story all over again! I would recommend this book to anyone who like a good exciting page turner. They are hard to find. I loved it!
This book is CRAZY! I couldn't even begin to predict what would happen. I never saw it coming. I can't lie, I was disappointed in the ending when I first read it. However, once it sunk in, I began to understand that there is no other ending that could have happened. These two characters are so flawed that they belong together. I compare it a little to the ending of The Hunger Games in the fact that it ended the best way it could end. I wish there were more books out there like this one!
I can't even begin to put into words the depth of the emotions this book provokes. One of the most thought  provoking books I have ever encountered. How well do we really know another person?  It causes you to consider how important the way we respond to the people in our lives, ( especially the person we sleep next to. ) I wonder if 's Flynn' s  significant other ( unaware of her personal status ) is amazed at the depth of her creative ability to write such a novel or frightened by it.
I was a little hesitant to buy this book given the hot and cold reviews.  I am so glad I did!  The book was amazing!  I find most thrillers predictable, but I didn't see the twists and turns coming at all.  I literally could not put this book down.  Some of the reviews complained about being disappointed in the way it ended.  I thought the ending was perfect.  It kept tone with the rest of the book.  This is my first book review, but I liked it so much that I thought I needed to say so.
Ok, so this is basically a story about a relationship. You see it from each person's viewpoint, or at least you think you do and then there's some twists that you might think you see coming but they unfold in a way that is still surprising and just when you think you can see what is happening next, it changes. Part mystery, part fatal attraction, part psychological thriller. I really enjoyed it. I only wish I had the book so I could loan it out. I read it on the Kindle app on my phone.
This was a very twist and turn kind of read and I liked it. Took me quite a few chapters for it to grab me so my advice is to not give up on it because it gets good-really good! The only bummer I had about it was I already knew the ending because I accidentally overheard a conversation about it. I think if I hadn't known the ending I would have had more surprises throughout the book but regardless it was still a fantastic psychological read. Look forward to reading more by this author.
This is a story that jumps from the perspective of one character in the beginning to another character in the second part.  It keeps you guessing as to which character is the ""good guy"".  I loved the story right up until the end.  When I finished the book, I kept thinking there should have been a different ending.  It took me days to realize that no other ending would truly fit.  What happens to the character and their outcome is exactly what they deserved.  Really great story!
An absolute page turner.  When I started Gone Girl, I couldn't get engaged but decided to keep reading til I reached JFK on my ride from CT.  By the time we pulled up at the terminal, I was totally hooked! A twisting and turning story of madness and goodness and the tragedies at their intersection that is just possible enough to be truly frightening. Now I'm deciding whether I have time to read Flynn's other works.  If they are page turners like this one, my ToDo list will be history.
Was hard to find a stopping point because at some point during the day, even in your day off from work, you have to run errands, go tinkle, wash hands, which requires setting your Kindle down, fix your lunch, etc.  Gillian Flynn is so unique in her writing style, I literary developed a 'love-hate' relationship with Amy and Nick.  Geez, I can see bits and pieces of my marriage in this book, so raw and real, the dialogues so convincing.  I will definitely read more of Mrs. Flynn's work.
Well written, fast paced, and well executed.  This is one amazing story full of smoke and mirrors where everything is not what it seems, wait...or is it?  A roller coaster of a ride that peaked where it wasn't expected and never really came back down to the bottom.  Everything negative that I have read mostly has to do with the ending.  Well...I don't want to give anything away, but in a Basic Instinct kind of way it entirely made sense to me and never failed to let me down.  Read it.
You will never forget this book, nor will you allow yourself to put it down!  Ms. Flynn is wise and talented far beyond her years.  Although this is our favorite of her 3 books, the other 2 are very worthwhile reads.  We cannot WAIT for number 4!  (Books are standalone, by the way.)  Please disregard the negative reviews - rubbish!  Congratulations for a well crafted novel that rises above most all the rest!
I definitely enjoyed this book.  Similar to a Jodi Picoult book, chapters were narrated by one of two different characters.  I like that approach.  Also, the characters are easy to like and hate as they make their different choices.  I usually listed to books using text to speech on my drive to work or back but with this book, I tried to find extra time in my day to read.  That's a sign of a good book to me.
Wow. Truly, wow!  I had a few ""Nah.  This book 's not for me."" moments but I could not put this book down. I hate Nick only a little less at the end than I did in the beginning.  Amy is the chillingly monster you see in very, very bad dreams.  Together they made me scared I might actually know real people like them. What a great story and good read.  It was very well crafted to make the reader look eagerly to page after page. I'm sorry it ended. Truly sorry.  Read it with a light on.
I love Gillian Flynn's novels. One of the things I truly enjoy about her characters is that you never quite know what to expect, and you never quite love or even like most of them. This book was exceptional. It kept you hanging on, wondering until the very end, and even then, you still wonder if either side has truly won or gained anything after all that's happened. Absolutely one of the best books I have read recently, and it has left me excited for whatever comes next from Gillian.
I absolutely LOVED this book!  The characters were amazing, the plot was interesting, and the writing was phenomenal!  I don't want to give much away for fear of spoilers, but if you enjoy a mysterious thriller, then I would definitely recommend this book!  I cannot wait to read more by Gillian Flynn!For a  more in-depth review, check out my book blog, A Nook of Blankets and Books!http://anookofblanketsandbooks.blogspot.com/2015/02/gone-girl-book-movie-review.html
This story is so cleverly written that to try summarize it would be to give away the outcome.  Suffice it to say that this book will keep you guessing from start to finish.  Just when you think you've figured out the answers, author Flynn will take things in yet another direction.  If you love a smart and extremely unpredictable mystery that is not the least bit formulaic, this one is definitely for you!!
Interesting read from start to finish.  Now , I'll see the movie.
Buy it, borrow it, steal it. Just read it. I repeat myself: Not to be missed. I dove right in and loved it from the get go! The second half of the book just floored me, and-YES-I hated the ending, even though it was perfect for the story. The one thing I hate about buying books for my Kindle-I can't pass them on, and this book deserves to be shared. I'm sure the movie won't be near as good as the read-they rarely are-but I still can't wait to see what Hollywood does with this one.
You think you know how it's going to go, but you don't.  Wife goes missing, did he do it?  That was enough for me to start reading, but by the time I was done - I had read this amazing story with great characters that really stuck to my ribs.  Not to spoil the ending, but I think it's probably more real than other books and movies usually offer.  This is the kind of story that I try to retell to others to get them to read it, but I can't do it justice.  It's really good.  Read it!
I started reading the book and thought, this is going to be just another murder mystery which I will enjoy reading but will not remember after a few days. But as the story progressed and plot within a plot kept unraveling, it was impossible to put the book down. Without saying too much and giving away too much, I would like to say, you will keep thinking about the characters of this story long after you finish reading it. Highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys mystery thrillers.
That pretty much summarizes my reactions as the plot unfolded ... And the ending was as appropriately complicated and complex as the characters. This is a must-read for mystery and thriller fans along with those who desire a wicked, twisted ""chick-flick"" type of set up. I'm horrified of Amazing Amy but part of me ""gets her"" too (to clarify, I'm referring to the feelings of betrayal and fantasies for vengeance that any spouse may experience - not, er, the other stuff). Again, OMG.
Before I purchased this book I read the 5 stars reviews and the 1 star reviews so I knew I was either going to love it or hate it.  I thought it was brilliant!  Some people complained about the ending but I think the problem for most people is that it doesn't end the way you would like it to, which for me made it even better because most books have a predictable ending.  I don't want to say much more because of spoilers but if you liked Fatal Attraction, you will enjoy this book.
I read this book as the first book assigned by our new Book Club at work. Hadn't heard about it until it was assigned, but I loved it! I liked the way it was written, it made the story move quickly. Also liked the way the book was written in the first person by 2 different people showing how two different people described/experienced the same situation. The way the plot twists and turns kept me guessing almost right up to the end. Great book. I highly recommend anyone to read it.
I have become something of a Gillian Flynn junkie. I started with Dark Places, then read Sharp Objects, and finished with Gone Girl. They all hold the dark, mysterious plot twists, but Gone Girl really ended with a bang. It left me wanting more, thinking about the characters even after I finished the book. I am a very avid reader and devour books like they are cupcakes, and very few books can draw me in the way this one did. Highly recommended, and a purchase I haven't regretted!
Entertaining Psychological DramaI once took a personality test at work.  Its purpose was to show the differences between:• How you perceive yourself• How others perceive you• Who you really are (i.e., when under stress)“Gone Girl” takes those concepts to a whole new level.“Gone Girl”: Intelligent writing.  Very strong characters.  Interesting insights (even though a bit disturbing).  Highly recommended (despite an abrupt and odd ending).
Then I thought it was her. And it wasn't him. But then I knew it was him.  Even though it couldn't be, although maybe it was. Perhaps there had been no crime, but I knew there had been...This book kept me guessing all the way, and I teased it out, you know the way you don't want a good book to finish. I actually put it down three times, under strict self-control. And as I turned the last page I howled in denial, ""no, one more chapter, please!""Thanks for a great read!
This is one of the most enjoyable books I have read all year - the plot is more complex than I thought, the characters are fantastic. While there are elements of the absurd, the book is all the better for them. I liked the book so much that I went the day after finishing it to catch it in the theater. Not nearly as good, but I wanted to watch it with my husband so he would know what had kept me up hours past my usual bedtime reading. I can't wait to read more from Gillian Flynn!
Even if it's sold as a mystery and a thriller, Gone Girl is the most realistic love story I have ever read and every couple should read it before or after marriage.I love the characters from the first page to the last one and it make me to think a lot and to make some reflections on gender and on how women and men really are.Gillian Flynn has a remarkable knowledge on human condition and she knows how to portray it in an intriguing way. I'm ready for her other books.
This book is awesome-good, interesting characters ~especially if you like ones that aren't very likable~good suspense & twists~and I definitely think Ben Affleck is a perfect pick for Nick & Neil Patrick Harris also perfect pick for Desi CollingsIf you are planning to see this movie, I would definitely suggest reading the book first and if you aren't, read it anyways! :-)Check out her other two books-Dark Places and Sharp Objects~they are both as equally as awesome!!
OH MY GAWD! This is a page turner, except I wanted to skip to the end of the book just alleviate the suspense derived from this entertaining plot.Gone Girl is exceptionally written and, brilliantly brought to life by the two characters that intertwine their tale of their failing marriage. Gone girl toils with the readers emotions throughout the story. After finishing the story I am struck with anger and awe in a smart way a book should leave you. Well played Gillian Flynn!
This is the first book I can say I have truly devoured in a very long time. I could not/would not put it down. Without giving too much away, it was great to read a book without a true protagonist or antagonist. If you like a story with twists and turns and leaves you wanting more, I highly recommend.  Many have been disappointed in the ending. The ending leaves the reader room to draw his/her own conclusion OR leaves opportunity for a sequel/series. I highly recommend this book.
I am a huge mystery book fan. Because I have read so many mystery books it is very rare that an author can fool me. Gillian Flynn kept me biting my nails every step of the way. Just when I thought I knew what was happening she slapped me across the face with her brilliance and threw me another curve ball. And to make it even more of an interesting read she had me laughing out loud. Her writing is natural and real. I am hooked and I will be reading every single thing she writes!
4.5 starsA twisted story of two people who have a conflicted marriage and probably deserve each other.  The first half of the book deals with the disappearance of Amy on their 5th wedding anniversary.  After that things get bizarre.  Although I usually don't like stories if I don't like at least one of the main characters, in this case I did enjoy the story.  The writing is very good and so imaginative--filled with twists, turns, deceit, etc.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Never has a book kept me guessing at every turn. This was a page turner and just when I thought I had it figured out - the plot would twist again.  The writing was very clever with foreshadowing, and little hints here and there.Just a shocking ending - which still keeps me thinking about this book, days after I have finished reading it.Loved the characters, loved the writing, and loved the book.  Heading to book store to pick up her over novels tonight!
This book was absolutely extraordinary! The two main characters, especially Amy, would have driven Freud completely mad! The story flows very well and I hated to put it down. When it ended I felt a real emptininess; I wish there was more. However, somehow I knew how things would go.I would recommend this book highly and to read it before seeing the movie that's being made. It will never be as good as the book. And, I now plan on reading Gillian Flynn's other books!
What initially seems like a good marriage gone wrong completely takes a 180 in a spell binding stunner.  I was up until 3:30 am reading it. I never saw what was coming - it was layered with complexity and astounding detail. Not only in the crime, but the mind of the person who created it. Do Not Miss This Book! Literate suspense thriller. If this is a debut novel, I can't wait to see what comes next.
I never saw the cover of this before reading so never saw the ""Thriller of the year"" stamp - regardless of this it sure was thrilling!My opinion of the characters jumped around as the story evolved and left me turning pages well past midnight.Clever writing like this is such a pleasure and the characters bought me into their emotions and lives.Please read this book if you like intrigue and mystery with a twist yet a good ole story along the way
My wife kept telling me that I would like this book but I did not believe her. I started it twice and thought it was going to be the literary equivalent of a ""chick flick"". When I finally gave it a chance I could not put it down. It kept  me guessing and switching allegiance between characters. I know people like these characters and now I wonder what they are capable of ... Hopefully not anything like what happens in this book.I am off to read more by Ms. Flynn
This is, by far, the best mystery I've ever read.  Rich in psychological realism, and cleverly plotted, I couldn't put it down.  Ms. Flynn is a masterful storyteller, and the dual points of view are utilized to great effect.  Some readers may argue that Amy and Nick are unsympathetic, but good God, are they fascinating.  It's no wonder this book is a bestseller--it is THE BEST release of the summer.
We'll written. Told through the viewpoints of both main characters. Each back and forth, Nick, then Amy, then Nick, piles more layers on the story. Twists and turns abound. I'm still thinking this book through although I finished it this morning. I'm sure I'll reread it soon because I haven't come to any final conclusions about the characters. A psychological thriller that slowly exposes two characters for what they really are Is not what I expected. Definitely a great read!
A friend recommended this book, so I took her recommendation.  Great start missing wife etc the normal suspects and character development etc and then POW, WHAM - game change, I loved it- wasn't expecting part two at all- what a nut bag !!!I highly recommend this book- I didn't want to put it down at all.  I however do agree with a lot of the reviews, disappointing ending for sure.  I am still thinking about this book days later- that's how you know it was a good one !
This novel stands out among all of the contemporary thrillers/murder mysteries I have read in years.  The author leads the reader down one path and then shocks the reader with a twist that few will see coming.  This book is very well written and provides no easy answers to the questions it poses.  It explores the dark side and manipulative power of its characters.  I highly recommend this book as a wonderful respite from the formulaic and redundant novels that are out there.
An incredibly written complex story that will leave you baffled.
This is a difficult review to write because I don't want to issue a spoiler alert!  Just know this is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Nothing is as it seems---just when you think you've figured it out, EVERYTHING changes.  Up until the last couple of pages, you won't know what is going on.  A really good book will leave the reader speculating what happened to the characters AFTER the story is over, and this book chillingly does just that.  Excellent read!
I really enjoyed this novel ! It  was the first  time I ever read a book on my Kindle. At first , I thought that it was just going to be a sweet romance story. Then (maybe because I'm of the Female pursuation) I really got into it. I loved the female character. And the fact that she was probably the most clever  women I've met in a book. There  was  such a variety of feelings that we have all gone through  . It really made me laugh.I'm going to order her other 2 books soon.
Lots of suspense, great plot and character development.....excellent writing. Second half, definitely kicks into gear. I agree with many, that the ending was disappointing. The author gets the reader all revved up for a dramatic ending and then blah! However, I feel it was within the author's purview to make this choice and I am grateful for the good read. It was definitely an amazing and crazy ride. Beware of graphic foul language if that offends you. Great book club read!
This is the first of Flynn's books I have read. If you like twists and surprises, this book is for you. Flynn takes us into the world of Amy, a beautiful, young wife who suddenly disappears, and her husband Nick, an enigma with skeletons in his closet. It's not your usual mystery; it's like an onion. As you peel layers of the story, more and more happens. Just when you think it can't get any freakier, Flynn surprises you again. It's sick, twisted, and brilliant. Great read!
This book is so twisted (but in a good way)...I actually saw the movie first and loved it so much I decided to read the book.  I was pleasantly surprised that the book was still able to shock and entertain me.  I gained a lot more insight into the characters (dark, twisted, brilliant and messed up).  I also loved the little details of events in the story that you were unable to capture in the movie.  The movie does do a a great job covering this book but WOW what fun read.
Gillian Flynn has created an unforgettable character in Amy whose disappearance is the thread of the narrative.  The book has very clever plotting.  As the tension builds and the reader wonders ""what will happen next?"", Flynn manages to surprise. I have read many a crime thriller and largely moved away from American authors in favor of Nordic authors such as Karen Fossum.  Now I can't wait  to read the two earlier books by Flynn.  This is a highly intelligent book.
Nick and Amy are made for each other. They are perfect for each other. And neither one should be anywhere near the other. These two, highly flawed characters, together create a dynamic of deceit and lies that is unbelievably complex.There is plenty to love about this book. The alternating perspective, jumping between Nick and Amy is brilliant. The writing is smart and engaging. I couldn't put it down. It was two stories in one book. Well worth the time to read.
Basically a novel about a long wanted child who then becomes overly spoiled, and as such believes everything and everyone should do or be as she wishes and they don't she punishes them...in really messed up ways. And that's just when she's in high school and college!! Cut to adulthood and married...she's just as vindictive as ever. Twists and turns and keeps you interested, the ending could've been better but you still finished with it being completely f'ed up. Great read!
Great book. Great book. Excellent writing! I'd read ""amazing"". But I'd love to kill her, I'd love to strangle her myself. This book is mind twisting. It makes you love one than hate than switch the whole time. It makes you feel like crazy one sometimes. I never get upset in my emotions reading a book, I never feel angry, and a twist of disgust and a sick urge for revenge. I can also say, you'll be thankful for your husband (or wife) after finishing this. No doubt about it.
This book really kept me going and I was shocked at the ending but I like that about the book.  I was so sure I knew what was really going on only to find out I did not at all.  very clever, turned pages fast and looked forward to the next read.  very good characters, life of a marriage in the first 5 yrs.( we all think we are a little crazy) and personalities in families.. loved it.  would recommend to friends.  looking forward to our Book Club discussion tonight.  Enjoy!
I haven't been this emotionally involved in a story for years; I have not been as impressed with the intricacies of detail, of character depth, of mystery novel possibly ever. It is alarmingly, glaringly real...which is awesome and scary all in one; a blinding annoying light shoved in your face, illuminating the darkest corners of the human psyche. And the language made me feel like I was being told the best bar story ever. It's a real mind freak...you're gonna love it!!!
It is a very clever book that I fought reading. All my friends that had read it recommended it, but I wasn't intrigued by the book description. I ended up buying it because both of my book clubs have selected it - so one way or another I was going to end up discussing it. When I did start reading it and really got into it - then I couldn't stop reading. Slightly disappointed in the ending, but was thoroughly entertained throughout. Definitely didn't see the twists coming.
This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn and I had no idea what the story was about.  This was a great read: it pulls you in right away and keeps you guessing.  The characters were very engaging and all had their quirks.  The story moves and there's not any time wasted on things that aren't relevant.  I was also pleasantly surprised at how often I laughed while reading this.  This book is certainly worth reading and I look forward to reading more by this author.
I read Gone Girl leading up to seeing the David Fincher directed film of the same name.The book kept me on the edge of my seat, bed, bench... Basically wherever I was reading, I HAD to get to the next page.Gilliam Flynn provided detail that kept me thinking constantly and questioning whether or not what I was reading was even happening. It really was a roller coaster of emotions with fear, thrills and excitement amalgamated into one intense read.
I have not, in the past, been a reader of this particulasr type of writing. I ordered this book for the book club and was only reading the book for that purpose, however, since the beginning I have been GLUED to this book and all of the juicy dialogue this book contains. I love, love, love that this book is written from both perspectives at the same time. It gives the reader the ability to stay abreast of the story without having to  remember what happened too long ago.
First book I have read from her and then I read dark places. Neither disappointed. Flynn is a great writer and she has made me a true and dedicated fan from here on out. The ending was surprising and clever- not what I expected. People seem to think that the ending should always bring justice, but life is not that way. My husband who is not an avid reader and is very picky (reads like two books a year) has also added her to his list (now he may read 3 books a year :)!)
I finally decided to read this book after all the hype over the movie coming out. It was a great read; kept my interest, the characters are believable (mostly), and I found myself rooting for one of the main characters, only to change my mind and prefer the other. Nick has a very complex personality which I found intriguing. Actually, you really feel like you get to know all the characters more so than most books. I hated the ending but all in all, it was a great read.
I chose this book based on the Best Seller List for my monthly book club.  I wanted a book I couldn't put down and this was it.  We couldn't wait for the book club meeting so we could discuss it and it was one of our most-attended meetings ever.  Everyone wanted to talk about it.  It is a complete guilty pleasure read with no redeeming value but if you want something to read by the pool or on a plane, etc. or want something to discuss in a group, I highly recommend it.
Since I knew this was a best seller, I expected to be drawn in right away. This wasn't the case. The first few pages didn't hook me; in fact I had to reread those pages then move forward. And when I did, I couldn't put the book down. Gillian Flynn did an excellent job getting into the minds of the characters and the pacing was perfect.This is definitely a book I'd read again. Even though I know the outcome, I'm sure I missed small nuances in the storyline.
This novel is easily the best book of 2012. I have read no other novel like it, and I don't expect any one I do read to compare to this one for quite some time. It is incredibly well constructed and developed, and it is such a fast and intense read. I literally could not put it down. I don't want to spoil any of the story for you because that would ruin all of the fun. All I can say is that you will not be let down. Believe the hype, read this novel, you will love it.
Lets just say I loved the ending. Leaving you with a tense, fearful ominous feeling.  It feels like a genuine ending for our times with climate change, poles flipping, 2012 and droughts and flooding just to start the list lingering over society.  In the back of your mind you think it's gonna be ok. Trust that you will be capable and will have the reflexes to react to keep your loved ones safe from danger. But it's there and real, maybe if we just pretend for now.....
Gone Girl is extremely well written,  but I did not like either of the two main characters at all.  I will still give it five stars.  I usually like to like one of the main characters in a book or at last feel some empathy for a main character.  Those two were totally ""nuts"" in my opinion and I did not like either!  Although I felt this way, I kept being surprised by the changing events in the story line.  You would go ""Wow, I didn't see that coming!
Wow. That's the word I said over and over as I read ""Gone Girl"".  One moment you think you know what's going to happen and then you turn the page and the book slaps you in the face.  The book has a seemingly basic plot. Young couple in love ,get married, live in the big city, then lose their jobs and move to his hometown to take care of his ailing parents. The real story begins when the wife goes missing. Great book! I can't wait to read Gillian Flynn's other novels.
I have written a couple of mysteries which are somewhat in the same vein as this story. I think that is why everyone kept asking me, ""Have you read Gone Girl?"" I really enjoyed this book mostly due to the twists and turns of the story. It was well-written, kept my interest and was unpredictable, which is a must in a mystery. I liked the deviousness of the main character and appreciated the point that none of us know ourselves quite as well as we might think.
I had a hard time reading this, I am not sure why, I just couldnt get in tune with the back and forth. So, after reading how amazing this book is, I ordered the Audio version of it. I have never ordered an audio before, I really enjoyed this book. I was worried the voices would be annoying, but it was the total opposite. I highly recomend this book, very good listen. I really enjoy this author, I have read all three of his..or her? new books and this is my favorite.
Gone Girl had me going from the start.  It was a fast-moving drama that kept you guessing from one page to the next..Was Nicka killer...was Amy dead, and who would want to kill her?  Why is Nick so calm?  Was he just as quirky as Amy?I expected a different ending, though.  I kept going back to see if I had missed something.  I would recommend this bookto those who enjoy a good mystery that keeps you glued to the story and wondering ""who dunnit?
This book grabs your interest from the first paragraph and holds it throughout the reading. I love a good story of intrigue, mystery and  suspense, not to mention relationships that teach us something about life, maybe just giving us a significant insight into the complexities of relationships, maybe even just a little of who we might be, how we may be perceived by the ones closest to us. This book covers it all, plus more. A keeper. I will read more Gillian Flynn.
This book was an awesome read! Definitely deserves 5 stars!  This book had me hooked from the beginning. The characters are strong, cunning, & well written. One moment you are rooting for them, the next you can't stand them. The book keeps you thinking on the edge of your seat and is very riveting. Wasn't 100% happy with the ending but no big deal as the rest of the book was very good. I highly recommend Gone Girl! Looking forward to reading more of Gillian Flynn!!
I had to start this book twice as I found the beginning rather hard-going, but wow, after the thrid chapter, I could hardly put it down.  The plot has so many unexpected twists and turns, I could never guess what would happen next.  It's an intricate web of slightly twisted, very intelligent characters.  The characters are very real and I feel as if I know them well even though I don't know what they're going to do next, well, like real people I suppose.  Fabulous!
Earned the high acclaims, good read, keeps you wondering what is going on for real.  Yes, it became a movie but seriously, we all know that reading the book is much much better.  And this is no exception.  Breakneck-paced thriller and masterful dissection of marital breakdown, you keep thinking to yourself ""what the heck is wrong with these people.""  Maybe the plot should be described as virulent strains of unreality.  I enjoyed every moment.  Recommended.
Enjoyed the twists and turns...thought the writing was brilliant.  I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie and am glad I did.  There's so much more detail in reading what the characters are thinking and feeling...some actors cannot pull that off in a movie.  I must admit I was disappointed with the ending.  Wished one of them would have really killed the other...and I'm not saying which character I was cheering for.  You will have to read it for yourself.
Jeez!  What an acid trip through hell!  Gone Girl is one of the most unsettling novels I have read in a long time...and I have read a lot of nightmarish stuff!  I think this book was so disturbing because of how realistically the prose presented the story.  I was drawn into this toxic storyline hook, line, and sinker.  I totally fell under its spell.  This book shocked me; I had no clue where it was heading.  This book is so twisted and fun.  I fully recommend it!
More than a mystery, Gone Girl has woven into its narrative astute observations of what some might regard as the sociopathology of modern life in the USA. Seldom does a novel leave its reader with so much to ponder after reading instead of setting the book and its narrative aside. Simply put, Gone Girl is not gone after reading, leaving chards in the mind, fragments of discomfiture that do not dissolve easily. Patricia Highsmith has died, long live her successor.
This book was twisted and weird, and I had a really hard time putting it down. Whenever I thought I knew what was going to happen next, the story took a dramatic turn. I found myself pulling my kindle out of my purse at work because I just had to know what happened next. I even skipped yoga classes because I was too busy laying on the couch reading. I have to say I didn't really like the ending, but I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a good story.
Gillian Flynn knows how to tell a story. Her characterizations are outstanding, which is why I ordered another of her books. She begins with two points of view, both of which show us likable people. The story unfolds, and the reader begins to like one a bit more than the other. Then the pendulum swings, and we don't know who to believe. At the end, Gone Girl left me totally satisfied with the story, the writing (which I did not constantly edit), and the outcome.
I paid almost $13 for the Kindle version, which I rarely do.  However, there was a lot of hype surrounding this book, and I had a friend to recommend it to me.  I wasn't disappointed.  The characters were well developed, and the plot kept me guessing to the very end.  The ending was a jaw dropper, as in ""I can't believe that just happened!""  This was one of those books I read very quickly because I just had to keep reading to see what would happen next.  Buy it!
Wow. Finally-a fantastic thriller that was unpredictable and wonderfully written. It's sad how in most thrillers written today you can predict the ending twenty pages in-but this novel constantly had me guessing as to what was real and what would happen. In addition, it created two wonderfully written characters: Amy and Nick Dunne. They were extremely three dimensional, horrifying yet engaging people. After this I will definitely check out Flynn's other novels.
Great book--I couldn't put it down. I want to know why Officer Boney adamantly told Nick that Desi Collings wasn't a suspect (the reader didn't know for sure at that point), but when Amy said he snatched her on July 5, wasn't there someone who saw him that day and knew he couldn't have done it? But then he's dead, so I guess it doesn't matter now. A few things at the end could have been tied together a bit more, but I enjoyed the book and shared it with others.
I couldn't put the book down it  was addicting!!! Worth buying
Like most I feel books are generally better then the movies that come after. This is the case here as well. But don't be discouraged, watch the movie, it was wonderfully done. But the book holds so much more, thoughts and inner monologue so crucial to understanding the characters. More scenes that give you a better sense of the overall picture the author is painting for you that movies just don't have the time for. So worth the read, I was sorry to see it end.
I saw the movie today. I didn't read the book, but I was looking forward to the movie coming out. I was a bit sorry to read some people didn't like the ending.  Well after seeing the movie for myself I beg to differ. It was no a cookie cutter ending which was interesting and refreshing. Loved the twists and turns along the way holding my interest for the whole time. The acting was very good and a special thumbs up to Ben. I recommend this movie and the ending!
This novel is a send-up of marriages that deteriorate when the partners cannot sustain initial facades, revealing unlikeable traits. Gone Girl depicts a woman's vindictive response to her husband’s inadequacies. The story is suspenseful and engaging with superb character development. Some reviewers have complained about the ending, but I think that the ending is entirely consistent with the theme. The novel is reminiscent of Sandrine’s Case, by Thomas H. Cook.
I couldn't put this book down! Read 200 pages the first day and 200 the second day. Talk about well written, great descriptions, etc. It is so uniquely written - unlike any other book I've read. I just had to keep reading to find out what would happen next. Many surprises. The end hit me in the chest! Strong visceral reaction. Recommended by several girlfriends. My husband knows I've never been so captivated by a book and now he's reading it and likes it, too.
I saw the movie first, I'll admit it. I like seeing the movie first so I don't hate it.SPOILERS SPOILERSWhile the movie presented this opponent of a woman who was almost inhuman inher awfulness, almost a super villian that would keep me awake at night, the book presented an incredibly intelligent but emotionally fractured psychopath who was human... Just not somebody I wanted to know... It was great! Loved the movie, and loved the book
This is the first  Gillian Flynn book I've read, but I'm going to read another very, very soon.It keeps you guessing all the way to the end.It is made up of excellent characters, who have been meticulously crafted.On top of all that, this book is beautifully written. Really, there were some stunning sentences in the book that were worth a second read.Absolutely FANTASTIC book! Can't recommend this highly enough.
Throughout the book i wasnt sure who i disliked most Amy or Nick. The novel starts slow with more inteospection than dialogue but once you get past the first few chapters you cant put it down. It follows amy and nick through their courtship and marraige, telling both sides of the story. One side is make believe while the other is true. You will never expect the twists and turns this story takes you on and in the end i think both parties get what they deserve.
I didn't know what to expect with this book, so I was blown away when I started reading it. Flynn's voice is so engaging and she handles first person so well that it felt like a prolonged phone conversation with a friend who was dishing some pretty insane gossip; all I could do was nod eagerly and say, ""Yeah? Yeah?"" as the story progressed. I can't believe I've only just discovered this author. She (and this book) go right to the top of my shortlist.
Had a tremendous amount of fun with this.  I can see how this is polarizing, and i chose complete immersion in suspending disbeleif.  I allowed myself the opportunity to think along lines I wouldn't in my day to day life, and went with how abiet unusual, some people, may be. Try not judging. The writing is fast paced, it's exciting, and if you allow yourself to be carried away, you may not end up hating everyone as so many seem to , looking at these reviews.
I came late to the party but had a fabulous time! I actually sat in my hotel room in Montenegro reading while my husband had a glass of wine on a sunny day overlooking the Adriatic. That is the hallmark of a good book - it can take you on an even further journey than the one you're on. Adored the characterization, the twisted logic, the way the author made me believe one thing and yet, when faced with the truth, I had no problem accepting it. Fantastic read.
I couldn't put this book down. It was very difficult to stop reading each night and go to sleep; like turning off a good movie at the best part (the whole book was the best part).  I was fascinated right up to the very last page.  No boring scenery descriptions or rambling/unimportant dialog.  The ending was very abrupt and I was disappointed only because I didn't want the story to be over and I wanted to find out what happened next.  The book was fantastic.
Incredible! This book was absolutely amazing. This is exactly the style of writing that I love. Witty, entertaining, and unique stream of consciousness. Halfway through the book, I was completely shocked! The changing of points of view between chapters isn't always something that I like, but Gillian Flynn pulled it off flawlessly! I absolutely recommend! I would be surprised if the movie even comes close to matching the spectacularness that was GONE GIRL :)
I started reading the book; and, after about 1\3 through, I quit reading in disgust.  I found the characters and the story lacking any redeeming value.  Recently, I read a review that intrigued me into returning to the story.  I'm so very glad I did.  I started at the beginning and did not want to put it down until the end.  Nearly everything, from the characters to the story line engaged my interest and educated me to be suspect of everyone and everything.
I read a lot of mysteries, but ""Gone Girl"" took a new twist.  It told the story from both protagonist's view, allowing you to get into the minds of both the husband and the wife.  The author put a lot of time into delving into the two personalities. By the end of the story though impressive layout, I was a little frightened of the mind of the author. It was a slow start, but it quickened in the middle, and at the end, I could not put it down until finished.
My wife and I read this at the same exact time and it fueled several discussions about the nature of married relationships and how things change even after the first few years.The mystery is completely riveting and the deep insight into these complex characters was fascinating.A lot of themes here such as truth, understanding, the need to be a perfect husband/wife/daughter.A great book to read as a couple. Neither of us could put the damn thing down.
This book was A-MA-ZING. The plot twists, character development and story line are unparalleled in creativity and cleverness. Fresh and Incredibly well thought out. I was recommending this book to friends before I even finished reading it! I flew through the book in a feverish frenzy, going damn near out of my mind as I raced through the pages, desperate to see where it was all going and what it was leading up to.BRAVO! An absolute masterpiece!
I really liked this book a lot.  I don't usually read mysteries, but I read a review for this in Entertainment Weekly and thought I'd give it a try.  The plot was quite different from what I expected.  It's hard to write too much about this without giving it away, but I can say that it's very well-written and well thought out without any obvious plot holes.  With so many so-so books out there, this one really stands out as a great one.  I highly recommend.
This book has a slow start but due to encouragement from those who saw the movies, I stayed with it. It has an unusual format, of each main character telling the story from their viewpoint. I would gave this book a 5 star as it holds  your interest after you get about 1/3 of the way into the book. I hate to tell you about the story as I don't want to spoil it for you. It is a book of very smart strategy, suspense, and humor.  All in all, a very good read.
Perhaps the big appeal for this book, is the premise that women can commit profoundly evil acts (murder) for revenge or to recover romance/marriage. In a sense it is similar to another well written thriller, ""Presumed Innocent"".  The story line is narrated by the husband (Nick) and wife (Any) is layered, detailed, clever, gripping, ..., and like Amy ego-centric, tenacious, methodical, Machiavellian, complicated, and brilliant, a force of nature...
What fascinated me most about this book was the fact that I had to keep listening to story until I found myself chin deep in red herrings, plot twists and then I had to unravel everything until the end. This is a twisted story about twisted people and it is deliciously addictive. I enjoyed both narrators. I did not recognize the Carthage Missouri, where I live, but that is artistic license on the author's part, which did not take away from the story line.
Actually i didnot purchased this nor read it complete . But what makes me write a review is that when my  girlfriend didnot answered my call i went right to her apartment and what i see is her reading this book and her younger brother a book of some freak caveman [andrew smith : FREAKING FACTS YOU MUST NOT TELL ANYBODY ABOUT AMERICA] . When i compared the two books i almost killed myself to death of laughter. The two books represents the two world  apart
I won't give you a summary of the story because really the premise is all you need as you get into this book, I'd heard so much about this book it affected some of the great written that I think would have left me with a different impression if I had come into this story with a blank slate. It's smart, charming, funny, REAL, vulgar, creepy and regardless of what others say I thought the ending was apt and generally fit with the tone set up by the author.
I chose this rating because I was immediately interested in knowing what happened to Amy.  Without spoiling it for those who haven't read it yet---let me say it this way.  I never suspected the turn of events towards the end---thereby making it an excellent mystery for all you mystery lovers out there.  Personally, I love a good mystery, especially one that I can't figure out---it came to me quite suddenly, and yet gradually.  It will make a great movie!
Amazing book. Pulls you in by the first chapter, and throws twists and turns at you until the deciding page.After being victim to so many poor reads that have a high star rating on amazing (cue Divergent, 50 Shades of Grey) I am please to say that the reviews on here are correct.This book deserves 5 stars and no less. Some people say they were unhappy with the ending, but it was unpredictable and I loved it.Do not miss this!
I was addicted to this book within the first two pages. The way the author writes is fast...some vulgar language (which I appreciate) and just all around nail biting....page flipping...the kind of book you just CANT put down. I was curious and anxious to start a new book filled with suspense and a unfamiliar writing style. Going into this with no expectations...I became a HUGE fan of Gillian Flynn. I will be downloading one of her other two books soon!!!
Slow at first but  then picked up and I couldn't put it down.
So good! Gripping read from start to finish! Highly recommend
Wow!!  This book was a true ride!!  The first half of it was good but the second half really took off!  The marriage of Nick and Amy was a little, no alot, SCARY!!  Goes to show that it's possible for a person to be married for a number of years and still not know their spouse.  I was totally surprised by the ending but I don't want to give any spoilers away!  You just NEED TO READ THIS BOOK!!  Best one I have read this year!!  Highly recommend!!  :o))
I really enjoyed this book even though it is completely different from the types of books I usually read. It kept my interest the entire time and despite the many reviews complaining about the ending, I thought that it was creative.  It was an unexpected ending and I always appreciate that.  I think the author left it open for a sequel.  Overall, I enjoyed the read. I found it hard to put down and thought she did a great job with character development.
This book started my love and obsession for all books in the Psychological Thriller category! I know a lot of people say in their reviews that they hated the ending but not me, I loved it! I mean, come on, this book is totally twisted and bizarre but HELLO that's kinda the whole point. I thought the whole book, including the ending was perfect for these two wacked out people! Gillian Flynn is a genius, I've read all her books and they're all fabulous!
This was such a great read! I'm not going to go into the plot like so many others have done, but I want to give kudos to the story and how well written it was. I love a good mystery and this was a great mystery!  So many people complained about the ending, but I really felt it fit with the overall story. I think the ending was suited to shock and leave you shaking your head. If you love reading about dysfunctional relationships this one has a for you!
I saw the movie first, so it was difficult for me to NOT hear Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike's voice(s).  The story is amazing and the way it is told is even more amazing.  I don't want to write too much because I don't want to spoil, what I will say is both the book and the movie are worth reading/seeing.  The biggest thing is (and someone else wrote this too) HALF way through something crazy happens, once you get to that point everything will change.
This started off with an annoying narrative style. Especially the diary entries, which read like a Sex & the City script. But once you find out what's REALLY going on, holy crap! And the twists keep coming and the conniving and back-stabbing never stops and it's truly awesome. Other reviewers didn't seem to care for the ending because it was ""unrealistic"" but a realistic ending would have been a predictable one and who the heck wants that? Great read.
Very few books surprise me mid book- let alone at the end. I have a different take on the book, that I think is often overlooked. This is a strong book about feminism. How should women/wives/sisters be expected to act? where is the line between supportive and submissive? All of the female characters are strong charicatures of our expectations for women today. Now, this of course wrapped in more fireworks than the Macy's Fourth of July fireworks show.
When I first started reading this book, I thought ""this sounds exactly like the Scott Peterson story, what's the big deal? But then you keep going and OH MY GOD. Gillian Flynn is a genius. And don't listen to anyone else. The ending was phenomenal. I think people who didn't enjoy the ending didn't really understand the book or the characters as well as they should have. Enjoy! I wish I was just about to read Gone Girl for the first time like you!
This was a great book! I was lent this book from a friend who gave it rave reviews and I have to say, she was right! There are twists and turns in the book that most people will never guess, and an ending that left me speechless. I will definitely be reading more from this author and recommend this book to almost anyone. This book has a little bit of everything for any genre of readers. Bottom line: stop reading the reviews and read the book already!
A great, intense, complex read.  The characters are well developed, the plot extraordinary (and sometime purposefully deceptive).  It is a love story of the weirdest kind and many will not understand it.  Although, one has to be broad-minded and intelligent to appreciate the relationship that is expressed in this book.  If you like intensity, complexity and books where you can't figure out where the story is going, than read Gone Girl.  It's a trip.
An intense ride from beginning to end!A psycological mystery with a twist.This is not a booktobe missed!I was never bored while reading this book, my mind never wandered. The writing style was wonderful! A Story where you get to read from his and her perspective. A little gritty at times. (*WARNING: not for those who don't like foul language)This was my first book by Gillian Flynn. I am definitely going to be reading another.
When I read the description of this book I assumed it was your color-by-numbers whodunnit type novel, with some random plot twists and so forth. Man was I surprised! This book has a really interesting format, as you read the diary entries of the missing wife (in the past) at the same time the murder investigation is ongoing (in the present). I won't say more than that so as to not spoil anything but it's a very well-written book with a great ending!
I heard people say I hate the main characters but love the book. I kept reading and I'm glad I did. This book is mind blowing. The author keeps you so engaged, you want to know where is Amy? She throws twists in and keeps you wanting to read more. An awesome read I recommend it highly. Very entertaining, a little disturbing but very entertaining. Did I hate the ending no I think it ended the way it should have with the development of the characters.
I only found out about this book after hearing about the movie filming based on this book. I hope the movie is as great as the book. I could not put it down, I love how it switched from Nick to Amy and the way everyhing just weaved together blew my mind. I really enjoyed this book, enough to read another book by Gillian Flynn, Sharp Edges. I also recommend that one.I am a fan of Gillian Flynn now and plan on reading anything I can find by her.
Well, I didn't exactly have LOW expectations of this book..... but since my under-30 daughter recommended it, I had my doubts. Was I mistaken! This is one of the best books I have read in the past year. Flynn is a master of words and their use to create maximum confusion...and then ultimate understanding... in the mind of the reader. He is a master of describing human frailty while never detouring from his fascinating, gripping narrative....Tsareena
GONE GIRL is one of those books that you cannot put down.  I read it in 36 hours, practically non-stop.The story is so absorbing; as you are reading you wonder how the author could even have come up with the premise.  As soon as you think you know what will happen next,  another twist appears, one that shocks and amazes you.Buy it; read it and share the book with your friends.  You will need someone to discuss this with when you're done.
LOVED IT!!! Best book I've read in years.  Witty, punchy humour (which was a surprise given the subject matter), smooth, highly readable narrative style and a deliciously twisty, turny plotline that was full of surprises and OMG moments.  Enjoyed it so much I bought hard copies for my mother, sister and best friend and have become one of those daggy, slightly sad people who rabbit on incessantly about their fave book and urge others to read it too.
This is a great story of a pschopathic marriage, with one member of the couple just an average guy with little self awareness. Neither one of the couple is very likeable, and for me the development of the characters is the story. However the book kept me guessing throughout,and took some real twists.. The ending was realistic, if dissapointing, but nobody--except the hero's sister, and the female detective deserved a happy ending. An excellant read
I liked this book much more than the movie.  Though I had seen the movie first and decided to read the book.  I continued to picture Ben Affleck in the character of Nick which for me was not a positive connotation.  None of the chief characters are very likable and some are downright loathsome.  The story uses flashback to build it's tension to the ultimate climax.  It is a bit shocking and will leave you with as many questions as it will answers.
The plot of this book has so many twists and turns that I can't say anything about it without giving something away.  It is mostly a psychological thriller that will leave you stunned, but you won't be able to stop until you reach the end.  (I have to admit I wonder a little about the sanity of an author who can come up with a story like this!) The writing is superb, and very transparent in that you completely forget that it is a work of fiction.
After looking at this book several times but not buying, for some reason that I don't understand now, I finally bought it. I was immediately pulled into it and happily ignored all that I was supposed to be doing this weekend. The first half took me on a ride through storybook romance going sidewise. Then things go upside down. Definitely a great ride, with roller coaster emotional reactions to the main characters. Worth carving out some time for.
I could not put this book down. I loved that the author did not hold back. It has great twists and turns and kept me in suspense until the very end! It is a story about love and the lengths we will go to for it. A husband comes home to find his wife missing and it just gets better and better from there.  I would recommend this to young adults and older because of the mature content, but a very gripping, exciting novel that is well worth the read.
At Christmas a friend suggested I read Gone Girl.  Not always being a fan of her reading recommendations I began the book ambivalently.Oh boy!  She was right on the mark.  Great character development.  Fabulous twists and turns.  I kept changing my mind who was or was not being truthful.I believe a movie will be produced this year and I can't wait to see it.  Great book!  Great intrigue!Thank you to my friend - you were right.
I find it amazing that Gillian Flynn can write so well about very twisted personalities, because all that I have read about her is that she is a pretty normal (whatever that actually means?) person. This book is ""refreshing"" as it is not only a who-done-it, but also a profile of a psychologically ""challenged"" person.  If you enjoy trying to get into the minds of these people and discover how they think, you will enjoy Gone Girl.
I loved this book! I read it in 2 days and intend to reread it. There is plenty to pull you in during the first half of the book but when the second half is reached it is hard to put it down. The Chapters alternate between the points of view of the husband and wife, first at different points in time and by the second half of the book they are on the same timeline. It is hard to explain here, but easy to follow as you are reading. Fabulous book!
I do not generally read mysteries or thrillers but after hearing about this book I thought I would give it a try.  I was not disappointed, this book exceeded my expectations by far!  I could not put it down, and after I finished I had to take a minute and just think about it (which for me means it was pretty good).  The psychological aspects were what did it for me - that makes it so much more fascinating than your average ""who-dun-it"".
One of my favorite books of all time.  If for no other reason, the twists and turns and unexpected ending were fantastic!  There's nothing worse than a predictable read and this is not it!  I'm thrilled with the cast for the movie, but I dread going to see it because it could never live up to the book... I can't even begin to imagine what's going to have to be left out of the movie... there's just so much material to work with!  Buy this book!
I usually don't read suspense thrillers I'm more naughty romance lol, but I seen the movie trailer and I always read the book before seeing the movie because 9 out of 10 times the books always better. I'm Seeing the movie this weekend. Anyway I couldn't put the book down. Every twist every turn had me thinking  I knew what was going to happen yet I never did. This was my first Gillian Flynn book but It will not be my last. Absolutely amazing.
It's the first time I have put a book down at the end knowing it would be hanging out with me for quite some time. The story unfolds with huge surprises and little ones too. The characters grow into you slowly, but then become a part of you. The frustration is amazing in part until you realize at the end that.you might be just as crazy as the main characters and accept the solution as the only way. This book surprised me and I love surprises.
Couldn't put this book down.  Loved the story.  Wish it had a different ending, but other than no complaints at all.  Gillian Flynn is a brilliant writer. After reading this, I read 'Dark Places' and 'Sharp Objects'.  Though they will make you feel like leaving the light on at night, you will truly be hooked!  The characters feel real, endearingly flawed and completely UNpredictable.  I am very much looking forward to Ms. Flynn's future work.
Fasten your seatbelts folks b/c these people are completely out of their minds!  I have to hand it to Gillian Flynn b/c while the subject of this book is disturbing and horrific, she makes you laugh out loud and feel empathy at times for people with montrous behavior.  She keeps you quessing and asking.  Who is the bad guy?  Who should I be rooting for?  How should this end?  How should justice be served?  The ending is genius!  Just read it.
Nick and Amy are the alternating narrators of this story that begins on the day of their fifth wedding anniversary. There are conflicts in the individual versions of their married life.  Just as you begin to believe that you understand the who's telling the 'truth', the tables turn and it is clear nothing was understood!  Gillian Flynn's well told story explores the fuzzy boundaries between perception and reality, between madness and sanity.
The first half of the book was REALLY good.  It was a book I knew I wanted to keep reading, but it was not one that I felt I could not get away from.  However, the second part of the book had so much action/suspense that I could not wait to keep reading.  I felt that the ending was more of a fizzle than a bang.  That being said, it did not feel inappropriate.  I still highly recommend this book to anyone who wants a good, suspenseful, read!
A rich, dark blend of noir and gothic elements filtered through the 24-hour-news cycle and Gillian Flynn's grim point of view.Two incredibly compelling narrators, reliable and otherwise, take us behind the familiar news coverage of a beautiful wife's disappearance in post-recession middle America, where secrets and revelations come at a brisk pace.Clever, smart and as chilling in its way as Sharp Objects. Cool stuff!
I had a trip to the Los Angeles and was looking for something to read on the plane.  I couldn't believe how well-reviewed Gone Girl was but decided to give it a shot.  I was rewarded handsomely.  Great plotting and well-scripted prose. What more can you ask for?Special note to the guys out there:  I usually do not prefer female authors.  I find them a little too warm and fuzzy. Not Flynn. She is razor sharp.  Highly recommended.
This is one of the few books I've read where the film adaption was exactly in line with the characters and the storyline. That being said, I've seen the movie before reading the book, so my overall feeling and interpretation might be biased.The story starts almost as a banal ""fait-divers"" but as one turns the pages, the plot reveals itself as pleasantly twisted and particularly fast-paced.Highly recommended!
Great book! The plot went all over the place, from wondering if the husband did kill his wife, to did the wife run away! Then just when I was sure I knew what happened, the plot would make another turn and go in a different direction. It flowed from one plot to another, from one surprise to another and the ending was one I would have never imagined! I would recommend this book to anyone. The language was spicy at times, but loved the book!
This was a very exciting book. It turned and twisted in many ways.  A real shocker very well executed. The  main characters turned me one way and another, never knowing which way to think, or turn.the ending truly blew me away.The movie was very true to the book, even more so as i watched these characters twist and turn.Now I am reading it again one more time.  It is hard to give up this well written mystery\horror story.
what a fabulous book. Loved it, one of my favorites ever. Very clever conciet, and actually terrifying! But at the same time, a good, but cynical look at relationships- how they start, and where they end.  The book is obviously showing extremes, but basic reality of relationships is there. A very young person has alot of illusions, but an oldster, here, can say that alot of the illusions have gone by the way side. Great book on all levels.
This book exceeded my expectations, and I understand why it remains on the best-seller lists! For me the book centered around a cat & mouse game for control of a marriage gone terribly wrong. The journal entries written by the wife that were interspersed with the husband's narrative were haunting. Once I started reading, I couldn't put the book down. Surprises and twists--many that I never expected--kept me hooked well into the night . . .
I loved the fact that I was cheering him and cursing her one minute and doing the exact opposite in the next chapter.  Some really interesting insights into how (seemingly)perfect love can sour slowly over time.  I was worried towards the last just how the author would or could wrap this up without the obvious ending but it was perfect in the end. Highly recommend.
I wasn't a big fan of the ending, but the dialog was great.
A page turner- you never know what is going to happen next!
i thought this book would be light.  in a way, it is that, but it's also a very complex study in human relationships and why people do the things they do, to those they love and to themselves.  i didnt see the movie and after reading the book, i do not want to see the movie, because i'm sure this story is worlds better in book form.  there is one surprise after another all through the book.  i'm almost sorry i finished it, it's that good!
Great book.  I loved the writing.  The whole idea of this book is so unique and interesting I couldn't put it down.  I plan on going to the movie next to see how in the world they managed to make this book into a movie.  I was a little confused by the ending, but the more I think about it the more I like it, and I have thought about it a lot, which says quite a bit about the book.  You'll think about it long after you read the last page.
Wow, my goddness how this book dominated my vacation!Absolutely  hooked after the first few chapters.The multiple of plot twists kept me on the edge of chair lounger.Some reviewers have criticized the ending but that's what makes this book different.I was hoping for a conclusion that was as unique as the rest of the book and was not disappointed!I would recommend this to anyone.
When the book first came I couldn't get into it I thought is was slow from the beginning so I put it aside, I heard that they were making Gone Girl into a movie I thought I would try and read it again. I don't know what I was thinking back then but the story is fast pace and the story is all over the place when you think Nick has it all figured out then there's another twist a very enjoyable read.Happy ReadingLisa
One of the most original and entertaining books I have ever read. Almost weirdly obsessed with it. The details and voices were perfect. The theme was like a jolt of electricity. Best dialogue I have read in forever. Such a great dark comedic book. Loved it. Sorry it had to end. There was a lot of discussion about a disappointing ending, but i think it was startling and scary and cringe worthy--just perfect. OMG what if Amy was my mother?
I've never left a review before even though Amazon emails me about everything I purchase.  This book deserves an amazing review so here I am!!  I could not put it down!!  I am an avid reader and this is in my top ten!  It twists and turns and then twists again!!  I will not say anymore because I hate giving plots away.  Buy it!  Read it!  Male and females must read!!  My only questions are, where is book two and where is the movie deal!!
Absolutely loved this book. I loved the story plot and how it was told between Amy & Nick. This book had so many twist and turns that I didn't see coming ... then once I was able to guess some of the things coming up next I still was getting curveballs. I def wish a part two would come up next because That ending wasn't exactly what I was looking for. Still a good book but the way it kind of was left hanging smells like a part 2 too me.
Had not read this book when it first came out and was so popular, but when I saw that Ben Affleck was starring in the movie of it, I bought it and read it in one day. A good read...very original way of telling the story. Had some familiar elements in it from our own family's experiences.....so it was even more fascinating for me. Can't wait to see how they make this into a movie...but I envisioned Ben Affleck as the main character 100%.
Be prepared to put aside whatever else you have to do when you pick up this book.  This well-written page turner keeps you hooked throughout the reading, and pondering the conculsion for weeks after you read the last page.  A great read that left me wanting to read more books by this author, and the electronic edition let me do just that with samples of two other Gillian Flynn books incuded. You will recommend this book to your friends.
Fascinating mystery.  The writing is excellent, and the story kept me captivated until the very end.  It was difficult to put this book down, and the mysterious plot takes many unexpected twists and turns, leaving the reader in suspense.  A very well done book!  I thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to end.  The character development is outstanding, and my feelings toward the two main characters changed almost from chapter to chapter.
I read (well listened to on audible) this book a little while back in November 2014 just before it was released as a movie and I loved it!  It is a crazy ride with lots of twists and turns.  A psychological thriller at it’s best.My one sentence review:I wished I could get inside their heads and shake them as they seemed like a couple made for each other in more ways than one.I give this book 5 stars.
This book blew my mind. I decided to read it after hearing about the movie adaptation, and I had read so many great reviews. This book does not disappoint. It's delightfully crazy, and keeps you interested from the beginning to end. The twists and turns this book takes makes for a truly great read. I would recommend this to anyone, even if your not a fan of psychological thrillers.I can only hope the movie does this book justice.
While providing a thrilling plot that renders this book unable to put down, it's impressively balanced by the author's ability to ground the protagonists with issues with which we can all relate.  The plot moves quickly, yet within the wild story you find yourself easily relating to the protagonists' blunt narratives/perspectives.  It's exceptionally well written. I absolutely loved it and look forward to reading more from this author.
Wow - this book was a wild ride and it kept me on the edge of my seat. In an effort to avoid spoilers, let me just say that the characters are fascinating and surprising. I enjoyed the multiple perspectives and found most of the story entirely plausible. The few plot holes that appeared are forgivable in exchange for the great ride. In summary, people can be freaky, but I like reading about those freaky people rather than meeting them.
Dark, creepy, and a twist around every corner. Flynn throws you around so many times throughout the novel, you're no longer sure which way is up, who's innocent, and who needs to be put under the microscope. I read this in the duration of four days when I was at home with strep and it kept me from going insane from lack of activity. Great book, great innovative new mystery, and I'm very much looking forward to reading her other books.
The writing style is unique and brilliant. Gillian Flynn certainly found her calling. The characters will forever hold a place in my mind. Not because they are likable but because they are so perfectly complex. The thought that went into the plot of this book makes me rave to everyone I know how stupendous this book is. It has it all.. Romance, murder mystery and humor. Read this book and you may just be damaged for all other authors.
A quite difficult book to read.  Alternating chapters with the husband talking and then the wife talking.  Continues through the whole book.  I must say I had to put it down after every few chapters but needed to pick it up again to see what was happening next.I'm glad I read it through to the final, final end.This was an unusual way to write a novel in my experience, but I'm glad I read it through to the final, final end.
You THINK you know what this book is about. You THINK you know how this story is going to progress. You're probably wrong because this story is filled with tons of little surprises and twists. Gillian Flynn keeps them so well hidden that you'll never be expecting them to happen. I picked this up because I have heard raved reviews about it. And it's true! It's an easy read- but don't read it before bed. You'll be having twisted dreams.
A book you love to hate.  Well written with only a few typos in the text.  I kept questioning why I'm continuing to read this book when I only dislike all characters, save two or three, and maybe not that many.  It was a page-turner, if such a phrase can still be used in E-Readers.  Now I'm wondering if all of Gillian Flynn's characters are this unlikeable in all her books.  It makes me want to read more of her to find just that out.
Great mystery suspense novel; just when you thought you sort of had it figured out, we'll, you didn't. And then you didn't, again. Fast paced writing. Descriptive in a concise way, without all those tedious little details. I loved the fact that the author chose to tell the story from both the main character's perspectives. It kept you thinking. I immediately downloaded Dark Places when I was finished (can't put that one down either).
Cleverly written with alternating chapters from the viewpoint of the main characters, husband, Nick, and wife, Amy, the story unfolds so gently that one would never suspect the anger and viciousness that increases in intensity with each page. The author has brilliantly constructed a complex tale that seems unbelievable and yet very believable all at the same time. Warning: You will not be able to put this book down once you start it.
The fact that this book became a phenomenon is not surprising once read.  It is impossible to write much about it without giving away plot twists but this is one book that truly is ""impossible to put down"".  My favorite mysteries are the ones where it seems unlikely that there is a way out for the protagonist.  This book lives up to all the hype and expectation which is also unusual in my experience.  A very satisfying read!
overall i though the story was pretty well written. You could tell it was well though out and allot of research went into the making of the book. I paticualrry liked the detail that went into the creation of ""Amazing crazy Amy"". The only minor flaws i could give were there are a few dry spots with nick and i noticed during dry spots she says something vulgar in the writing.(this is if i had to choose a con).great read!
Excellent book! Read it in three days.  Every time I tried to put it down, I just had to pick it up again to find out what was happening next.  The suspense in the novel was outstanding.  When I first started the book, I didn't think I would enjoy the way the book was written, but three-four ""chapters"" in (you'll understand why I say ""chapters"" after you read it), I was hooked!  I am excited to see the movie as well!
This books was great! not a dull moment and total mind Fudgsticle! whip lash in every direction i really had no idea what to think. i followed this with the audio book (1st time) and i loved it. it didnt take from the story at all. the ending was awesome. yeah i didnt like it but i didnt expect to. it ended the way it should have. i cant say much with out giving it away but ooohhhh its great. im looking forward to more of her books.
Gone Girl is unlike most of the novels I choose to read - I usually veer away from suspense and murder mysteries - but it came recommended from a friend who has yet to steer me wrong about her book preferences.  And boy was she right!  When delving into Gone Girl, you are signing up for one thrilling ride! I couldn't get enough of the story, and found any opportunity to sneak away to get back inside this crazy world.  Don't miss it.
I loved this book. It was very well written and the story unfolds deliciously.Both characters are despicable and sick and amazing and it's impossible to put the book down. You just can't believe what they will do next. I like books that are not the ""same old thing"" like whodunnits, love stories, etc and this book fits that bill. Unique, terrific writing style, a story and characters like none other. Great job, Gillian Flynn!!!
Wow, wow and wow!Two things you need to know about this book:1. You must read it, but be warned - you will read until the last page without regard for sleep or other possible distractions.2. Once you finish, don't spoil the fun for others, so keep the novel's secrets to yourself.
Great fast read. Has an awesome twist. Enjoyed reading it.
I loved this book, a real page turner..... right up until the end when I wanted to throw it against the wall, which I would have if it was a paper book and not my kindle. I mean really. Of allllllll the ways the last few chapters could have gone and this is they way Flynn chose? Frustrating. I hate a book with a bad ending but despite that, it's still a 5 star read. Guess I need to go see the movie now to see what they did with it.
Definitely not what . I expected in the end but overall a pretty great book. The book is well written and certainly starts to get entertaining and more interesting right after Amy ""disappears"". I don't know how Gillian Flynn could think of such a normal yet manipulative, conniving wife but that's where all the entertainment comes from. Loved it! Give it a try and you might like the psychotic relationship between Nick and Amy.
A well written, tense thriller...Gillian Flynn captures dialogue in a way that makes each character pop on the page. Her screenplay for Gone Girl was even better, in my opinion. This was one of the few times I wish I had read the book AFTER watching the movie. Knowing the twists and turns in the theater was somewhat anticlimactic. Still, she was able to show the comedic moments well on the screen. Overall, a great satirical story.
If you're looking for an easy to read, suspenseful thriller, this is the book for you.  I found it fairly easy to let myself become immersed in this novel, and I finished reading it in a day and a half.  The ending does come across as a bit of a shock, but the author does a good job of tying up all lose ends.  You may not agree with the ending, but you won't be left thinking ""what if..."" or ""how is that plausible?
And by an iffy start I mean, I was a little unsure about how well written it was going to be, but I reflect afterward on how the writer used this as well as many other means to draw the reader into the story. Not that they were needed as what a story it is - a roller-coaster of twist and turns and suspected truths and lies. A fabulous read and I know it will be a very talked about book and cast of characters at our next book club.
I have to admit when I started, I had to get used to the writing style because it is all done in first person and it is done in a bit different style. But as you get going in it, you really get engrossed with it. I think most people will love the twists and turns of this book as I did. There were many surprises in the plot that is hard to see coming. I highly recommend this book if you enjoy a good mystery.
Loved loved loved how unpredictable the plot was.  Enjoyed the writing style and thought it well done.Talked my husband into reading it as well and he also enjoyed it.For the nay sayers who are complaining about the ending - WHAT ELSE COULD IT POSSIBLY BE??  With the characters' traits I thought it completely fitting albeit unusual for the reader's expectations.  Life isn't always tidy eh?Enjoy!
I loved this book!  The story was suspenseful and the characters interesting.  Lots of twists and turns to keep the reader guessing.  The perfect marriage is no longer quite so perfect and suspicions are raised when the wife goes missing.  The husband is not as distraught as he could be and before long he becomes the prime suspect.  Its best not to give more of the plot away, best to read and be surprised by what happens yourself!
This book is very engaging and very well written.  I can see why many people disliked both Amy and Nick but I found myself very intrigued by their insecurities and codependency.  I also believe the ending is appropriate.  I know the ending has been somewhat polarizing but I think when you really consider the alternatives, they would have left us as readers empty.  Life isn't a neatly wrapped present.  I look forward to the movie!
I've read ALOT of books by many different  authors . SOMETHING about this  one I loved . The way the author is able to describe the events and people so vividly it feels like you're really there. Other readers agreed you can't really explain this story to someone else without spoiling it for them to read. I will keep he  on my list of authors going forward. What a lovely surprise to find Gillian Flynn. Keep up the excellent work.
I love mysteries and really read almost nothing but them but nothing prepared me for this book.  Every time I thought I knew where the plot was going it would zig where I thought it was going to zag, and then zag where I thought it would zig.  I never knew where the plot was going to take me and was pleasantly surprised when it went where it did.  A page turner that I read in basically a day.  I mean I just couldn't put it down.
Gone girl made me uncomfortable, made me cringe, made me laugh out loud, made me hate these characters, and I absolutely loved it.  flynn's writing is brutally honest, especially when she writes about ""fun girl"", and how being perfect in a relationship is unsustainable.  Amy is definitely a murdering psychopath, no doubt about it.  The book took me by surprise though that she'd get that crazy.  Read it, read it, read it!
I loved this book because it did what I want books to do....keep me interested and entertained.  It was a suspenseful story right from the beginning.  It was creatively written and I loved how you kept truly wondering who the ""bad guy"" was.  It was different, edge of your seat reading.  I recommend it. I came upon it by accident and couldn't put it down.
Don't expect the usual Whodunit from Gillian Flynn. It's a ""what's going on here?"" kind of novel where points of view change from chapter to chapter and your best guesses as to outcomes are often wrong. But it's the unusual, disturbing, multi-layered characters who drive the story. By the ending, the reader is left wondering what the future holds for such strange creatures and a desire to read more of Flynn's creations.
Your emotions will be taken on a roller coaster between characters as the story unravels.  Brilliantly written with craft.  Keeps you interested and enthralled and wanting to read more and more.  By far Gillian Flynn's best novel.  The main characters, especially Amy, are interesting, crazy and witty.  You never know what is going to happen and when it reveals itself, you are delighted with how crafty the two characters can be!
What a crazy book! The reader has no idea what they're in for. An adult read that I highly recommend. The book starts off a little slow, so there's almost a temptation to put the book down. However, it is well worth the wait as the book turns incredibly suspenseful and eerie. It has a crazy ending that I won't give away in this review, but it leaves the reader pondering the story for a long time afterward. This is a must read!
At first I thought this was another yuppy marriage trouble blah blah blah story. And then there are hints of...questions...it couldn't be, could it? Wait...and then...BAM. Amy starts narrating. And you can't help but sneer.You will change your mind about the characters over and over again...your head will be spinning by the time you finish this book. Keep reading. It WILL be worth it.Artful.
WOW! this has to be one of THE BEST books I have ever read!  I went out of course and bought her other book.  Oddly enough I have SHARP OBJECTS sitting in my library and didn't even know it..This is literally a roller coaster ride that has you rooting for both of the main the characters till the very end.  Surprises are around every corner and you don't even see them coming!You must buy this book and read it!  NOW~
I'm writing this review without even finishing the book. It's that good. I'm 3/4 the way through. I'm dying to get home from the office so I can dive in again. It's that good.Talk about a thrilling, suspenseful, well written story. It's chock full of goodness. You will find yourself just as addicted as I am, I promise.I've heard a rumor that Gillian just signed on for 2 more books and I'm praying that's true!
This is a reverse whodunit.  It is told through the viewpoint of a husband whose wife has vanished after 5 years of marriage, contrasted with the diary entries of the missing wife.  The reader is hearing the point-of-view of, and thus is naturally sympathetic to, the husband, while subtle and not-so-subtle clues mount to paint him as a murderer.  It was a very compelling story with an unexpected ending that was very poignant.
I usually don't like mysteries with multiple points of view, but I'll make an exception for this one. Flynn's use of two viewpoints isn't contrived, it's integral to the story, the plot, and the character development. The writing is fresh and insightful as well. All together, I have to say, it's a complete package of reading enjoyment. I'd put ""Gone Girl"" on the short list if you want a really great contemporary read.
After 5000 reviews on this site, I don't know if there is anything new to say?This was like reading a new Hitchcock story.After reading the author's 2nd book (from the library), I actually couldn't wait to  purchase this one!(still 55 on wait list) I'm now waiting for the first book.Many people did not like the ending, but it seemed appropriate to me.The characters were all terrific, the story amazing.
Really enjoyed Gone Girl - better than the movie as well.
Okay the first reason to get this book is the authors writing style which I just absolutely loved. She had more clever lines in this book than I've read in a long time. Secondly get it for the plot which is just a gas. This book has more twists and turns than a Twizzler! I like her writing style so much that I have started Dark Places, her first book.
Gone Girl was one of the most and interesting and well hidden plot lines that I have encountered in years.  From the method of telling half the story in a diary to the author leading the reader to believe that this was a ho hum plot that has been done exhaustively.  After being lulled into this belief, she goes on to blow the readers mind by finishing the story with anything but a trite plot.  Extremely clever writing style.
I just love when a book is so exciting you can't wait to sit down and read more.  Gillian Flynn writes magnificently.  Her descriptions are so vivid and believable, the story seems so real.  And when, half-way through the book, the big surprise occurs, it is totally unexpected.  I was so amazed by the incredible writing in this book, that I immediately downloaded two of her others.  And, so far, I have not been disappointed.
Although a page turner, I was constantly aware that the author was pointing out how clever she was (not the character), by saying ""Yes, that's the correct grammar."" The book was over written, contrived, and had a typical ""Hollywood ending"".  It is probably because I read more non-fiction, that I expect better, more concise writing style. For the average mystery reader this would be considered a good book. I found it wanting.
I really enjoyed this book.  The back and forth perspective and evolution of plot was interesting.  Some of the thought processes that each main character possessed were actually recognizable threads (albeit some of them a little extreme!).  I am surprised by the 3.5 star average.  The more I read, the more I became obsessed with knowing more.  Reminded me a little of the movie ""War of the Roses"" at the end.  Very enjoyable!
This was one of those books that was definitely a page-turner. There were so many twists and turns that I was always surprised - and not always pleasantly surprised. The writing was solid, the characters well-developed and the plot was masterful. Not only was it a suspenseful novel, but it gives the reader lots to think about in terms of relationships and expectations. This was one of the best books I've read in a long time!
Being a bookworm, I've read classic British literature and Harry Potter and the Fifty Shades series and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series, but I have to hand it to Mrs. Flynn for creating one of the most intriguing and delightfully insane ""mind-**ks"" I have ever read! I majored in psychology and I found this book frightening and ""OMG!!! Did that really just happen?!"" enjoyable. Please write another continuing the story!
Loved this book!  It is a little slow to start, but if you can make it through that, the rest of the book is well worth it.  The author has you questioning each character and it really does keep you guessing.  At first I did not like that every other chapter was has perspective and then hers, but it makes sense later on.  Excellent page turner!  I'm constantly recommending this book to other people to read.  Very enjoyable!
Easily one of the best books I have ever read - this goes into my top ten ever list. Fantastic novel, gifted writer - immediately went and read Dark Places after Gone Girl, and that is a damn good book, too. Very suspenseful novel, and I love how she reveals plot twists and turns at the end of a chapter, in the last sentence...well worth the cost, well worth the time to read this book. Just when you think you know somone...
This was a real page turner.  Spent the best part of a day reading it and had to re-charge my Kindle in the process.The diary style of writing makes one feel they were actually in the minds of the characters and as the story unfolds and becomes darker. it really takes you in.  Did Nick kill his wife?  Is Amy a total psychopath?  Don't want to be a spoiler so won't go on.  However, it would be hard not to like this book.
Although this book started slow for me and I wasn't happy with the ending, it is one of the best books I've read in a long while. Reading it I could not anticipate or guess an ending. The characters totally involved me. By the time I was a quarter of the way through the book I couldn't put it down. If you haven't read it get yourself a print version or a Kindle version, sit down with your favorite snack and drink, and read.
OMG!! I haven't read a page turner like this in a long time!  Even when the mystery is resolved you still have about 44% (I read it in Kindle.) of the book to go before you arrive at an ending.  The ending is not the one I would have chosen, but it's good nevertheless.  This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn and I can't wait to read more.
I am actually in between like it and love it because it was a little dark for me but gave it 5 stars because of the twist and and unexpected turns the story took.  I like when a book isn't predictable and this is definitely one of those books!  A quick read because it's hard to put down but also one of those books that I probably wouldn't read again.  The ending does leave you wondering what happens to the characters next!
Borrowed this audiobook from my local library and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I listened to it before watching the movie, long after the movie premiered in theaters.  In my mind, I could definitely see Ben Affleck and the beautiful Rosamund Pike as the characters as I was listening.  I also thought the narrators (Julia Whelan and Kirby ""squeeeeeeze"" Heyborne) were VERY good and added a lot to the enjoyment of the book.
I absolutely loved this book!!! At first, I thought it was too detailed and kind of slow to get where it was going and then BAM!- the super surprise twist takes place and you begin to realize what a smart,edgy, dark humorous book this is.  Then you can't put it down until you finish it and when you finish it you wish there was a way to erase it from your memory and read it again.  One of the best books I've read in awhile.
Gone Girl was nothing short of a complete and utter mind job, but in the very best way possible. At first, I wasn't sure what I was getting into . . . but as the story continued to unfold, I found myself pulled further and further into the very strange but very real feeling story of Gone Girl. Excited about the movie, and can't wait to see if they actually do it justice. Thank you, Gillian Flynn, for an unforgettable read!
I hadn't read a thriller in a few years so I was excited to read this book.  It was everything I hoped it would be and more.  The author was awesome at pulling you into the story and making you care about the characters.  The story was very well written.  I had a hard time putting it down to go to bed.  I loved this and and I will definitely be reading Gillian Flynn's other novels.  Read this, you will not be disappointed.
I don't usually go for this kind of crime, thriller books but I must say I'm really glad I bought this one. Gone Girl kept me wanting to know what was going to happen. I enjoyed that even at the end of the book the author could pull off another plot twist. If I have to say what I most cherished about reading this novel, I would say that it's the fact that the book's everything BUT predictable. READ THIS!! You'll be hooked.
I loved this book. A friend had recommended it to me knowing we had similar taste in books. While it was a bit slow to start, owing to the fact it flipped between Nick and Amy, it keeps you turning the pages. Even though I had figured out the ending, I could hardly wait to get there. The suspense and thriller aspect as well as the twists and turns the story takes will keep you glued to it and talking about it for a while.
This book is very amazing and is one of my personal favorites. Gillian Flynn provides an intense plot that slowly builds up througout the book. This book has many unexpected twists that no one could have possibly imagined. This book is very interesting and gets straight to the point while getting people's attention by switching between two personas. If you are a fan of mystery stories, Gone Girl is a perfect book for you.
This book started off slow & boring. So boring I was wondering what all the hype was about. But my coworker told me to keep hanging in there & there would be a part in the book that would make you not want to put the book down. She was right! About halfway through is when the book captivated my attention. From then on I couldn't stop saying out loud ""NO WAY!"" If you think you know how this book ends, you're wrong.
I started reading this book after hearing about the upcoming movie. I was a bit apprehensive upon starting it, but quickly became thoroughly absorbed. Gone Girl was one of those novels that kept me up way past my bedtime, turning pages in order to delve further into the amazing characters and twisted turns. Gillian Flynn kept me glued to this story, and left me shocked at the end. I can't wait to read more by this author!
Really great read! I simply could not put it down (so much so that I brought it to work with me one day and tried to sneak in a few pages in between calls)! The fact that it is written from both Amy and Nick's perspective adds a layer of confusion (which adds to the mystery) and the cliffhangers at the end of every chapter left me wanting more. The ending was definitely satisfying and I can't wait for the movie next year!
Impossible to let down. Well written. Gripping. AND the story stays tight until the end (which is oh so rare in this genre, with this much of adrenaline going on throughout the story)If you miss the feeling picking a book and spending the night reading it because you can't stop until you're done, Gone Girl is waiting for you. Read it last week and have recommended it to over 10 people since. It's a no-brainer.
A bit like a human jigsaw puzzle. This novel is very well constructed. Phenomenal writing. Excellent twists. Interesting characters. A bit on the dark side, but isn't that what makes it so intriguing? The writing alone, with Ms. Flynn's metaphors and descriptions, make this worth reading, but to get a great story and several surprises along the way, really put this one over the top. Addictive -- and compulsively readable.
If you want a book that captures and holds your attention through every page, this is the one for you.  The story is told alternately between the husband and wife, each taking their turn to describe the everchanging turn of events.  Just when you think you've got it figured out, the author throws in a new angle. I was sorry to get to the last page, but I couldn't wait to get there!  Do yourself a favor and read this book!
Suspenseful and has many twists and turns.  I am glad that the movie lived up to the book.  It is official - if she will write constantly,  I will clean her house, do her laundry, etc.  Of course she has to let me read her next book before it is released to the public.  Hope she takes me up on this. I hope you read the book before the movie, but even though that might be the case, you will not be disappointed either way.
Bought the book after I heard about the movie. It became clear almost immediately why this was chosen to be made into a movie. The story grabs your attention and holds it till the very end because of its unusual conclusion. Flynn makes your sympathy sway between the husband and wife with ease and leaves you wondering who the real protagonist of the story is (despite its title). I hope the movie does justice to the novel.
I listened to the audible version and because of great speakers, made a really good book a great book. It was intense and not easily guessed except the very end. The very end was not the end of the suspense, most of that came a bit earlier. It's hard to explain.If you enjoy suspense and mysterious twists, you will enjoy this book. It is worth the extra money to get the audible version, though it is very long.
I read this book in three sittings as I hated to put it down.  At first it seems straight forward; a woman goes missing and her frantic husband calls the police. After that there is a roller coaster ride when everyone reveals themselves to be entirely different from they had first seemed. There are a lot of themes in this book but that would give away the story line. Read it and I'd love to discuss it with other readers!
I could NOT out this book (Kindle) down. Gillian Flynn weaves an intricate psychological thriller and I especially liked the way the chapters switch back and forth between the points of view of the two main characters. And what a twist at the end. I like to pride myself in being able to solve the many a who-dun-it, but this totally threw me for a loop. I cannot wait to read Flynn's other two novels. Awesome storyteller!
Wow! I so enjoyed reading this book. I lost several hours of sleep staying up late into the night. That's one of my favorite things, finding a novel that I just can't put down. I've read so many books lately that seem to be a chore to get through, with plots that I don't spend any extra time thinking about. Gone Girl surprised me, and held my attention until the very last sentence. What more can you ask for in a novel?
A mysteriously messed up psychological thriller that messes up your mind and takes you on a thrilling ride.  This book made me reread paragraphs just because you think you missed something.  I sent your mind in so many directions that you forget where you are.  It is extremely intense and mind boggling.  Gillian Flynn wrote a well thought out criminally insane ride that throws you for more loops then a roller coaster!
This book will have you spinning.  It has twists and turns like no other.  Well done.You can't stand one person, then learn to have more sympathy for them, only for it to lead to the dislike of another character, and at the end you don't care for any of them, but love the book just the same.This book is worth the hype I think.  I really enjoyed the fun journey and crazy antics of the main characters.
If you like a good mystery with a lot of twists... this is the book for you!  I've actually borrowed this book to many people because I liked it so much.  It is a definite page turner!  You don't know what is coming so you need to keep reading to find out!  I am a pretty fast reader but this one only took me two nights after work to read because it was so good; and I couldn't wait to find out what was going to happen!
I love a good mystery, and this book was beyond good! Just when the reader thinks she/he has it ALL figured out, they realize they don't. Nope. The story has been rearranged, shook up, and according to whoever is now telling their story, a different view pops up. I hope to use this book for my club, unless someone else snatches it before I can.
I loved this book so very much. It was intriguing and  I definitely did not want to put it down. I just love it when I have a book that makes me want to keep reading to find out what happens next. It has ben awhile since that has happened and that caused me to not want to read again, thankfully this book came recommended to me by a friend or I wouldn't have read it. Great Read, Ms. Gillian Flynn. Is there a sequel???
Yeah twenty words? This is the most twisted thing I have read in years. What happens when you piss off a psychopath? What happens when you piss off your brilliant, amazingly brilliant, wife? And the two are the same person? You get this. The story was well crafted, excellent mechanics, supreme control of the story arc, really hard to put down. The ending? As supremely messed up as it is possible it be.  Yeah read it.
There are always two words I use when describing Gillian Flynn's novels: dark and twisted. I am a dedicated reader of Flynn's and I mean these words as the highest compliment. All of her books have been the stuff of twisted nightmares, and her latest novel, 'Gone Girl', is no exception.'Gone Girl' is a story about a marriage, the disappearance of the wife, Amy, on their fifth wedding anniversary and the subsequent police search and investigation that follows. The book is told in three parts, which really allows the reader a deep look inside the workings of this couple and their marriage. Every chapter in the book is in alternating points of view, oscillating between the husband, Nick, and Amy. In the first part of the book, we see Nick's view of the disappearance in present time and we hear Amy's version of past events through diary entries. We really come to empathize with Amy and her struggles to make her marriage work, to make her husband happy, and to do what's needed of her. We also get to see Nick's side of the story and we learn some unfavorable things about him that turn the reader against him. The second and third parts of the story are told in present time, but continue to be in alternating points of view between Amy and Nick and we learn what has really happened in the disappearance of Amy.At first glance, 'Gone Girl' is a deep, brutally honest look inside a marriage. It may be a troubled marriage - one with problems that most couples face. But thrown in along the way are subtle details that make you wonder what is really going on. Amy has disappeared and we find out that Nick and she were having marital issues. Why does Nick have these little secrets that don't seem like much, but end up chewing away at our subconscious? The ultimate questions: What is really going on here? What really happened to Amy?Flynn doesn't let the reader wonder about things for long. In the second part of the book, she unveils the true happenings of the disappearance and of the circumstances leading up to it. All the little inconsistencies in some of the character's stories are laid out and begin to fall into place. Even though it is blatantly explained what happened to Amy in the beginning of the second part of the book, Flynn doesn't just stop there. She delves deeper into the inner workings of this couple and their marriage - into their very hearts and minds. What we end up seeing there is astonishing, bewildering, and sickening. Still, Flynn manages to write the story with such poise that it seems completely believable that this has occurred and could possibly - probably? - happen outside the frame of a novel as well.Flynn's writing style is some of the best I've ever experienced. The words seem to flow effortlessly together and the plot just seems like it was inevitable, like it was going to happen this way no matter what. The characters are so honest and flawed - so messed up - that they are utterly believable and heartfelt. The storyline is seamless and perfectly executed. She pulls you in from the very first sentence and doesn't loosen her grip until well after you've read the last page. Flynn's writing is addictive and I literally couldn't stop reading the book. I had to see what happened next, had to try to figure out what was really going on. To me, that's a sure sign of a great author - not being able to extricate yourself from the novel, even long after you've finished the last page. I certainly couldn't pull myself away, much to the neglect of my household duties and my husband's chagrin and when I had to stop reading for a bit, I went into a kind of stupor - wondering what could possibly be happening and trying to figure out how things were going to end.'Gone Girl' definitely keeps with Flynn's writing style of dark and twisted suspense thrillers, even though this wasn't as outside the box as her other two novels were. This might've been even scarier because it was actually plausible. Flynn has written some of the best suspense thrillers on the market today and I am thoroughly pleased to say that Gone Girl does not disappoint.Disclosure: I received a copy of the book from the publisher in exchange for an honest review.
We've all read the stories in newspapers - a woman goes missing and the husband is the prime suspect. And he loudly proclaims his innocence....even as the evidence mounts....Gillian Flynn put her own spin on this idea in her latest book - Gone Girl.It is the day of Nick and Amy's fifth anniversary. It is also the day Amy disappears. Left behind - the first cryptic clue in a treasure hunt Amy always sets up for Nick.The first part of Gone Girl is told in alternating chapters from Nick's present time viewpoint, with flashbacks to memories.  Amy's voice is heard from the pages of a diary, starting from seven years ago and building up to the day she disappears. The narratives each tell a completely different story. Who is telling the truth? The second part - well, I'm not going to spoil the plot for you, so I'll stop there.I am a huge fan of psychological thrillers and with Gone Girl, Gillian Flynn has crafted one of the best I've ever read. Really. The plot line is completely unpredictable. It's rare for me to be completely surprised at the direction a book takes, but I was this time. Flynn toys with us in a completely delicious and devious manner. You'll want to read carefully - there are lies, secrets and omissions scattered throughout the book and each revelation ratchets up the stakes just a little higher.While Gone Girl is a razor edged thriller, Flynn also explores marriage, attraction, family relationships and the media with that same sharp edged eye. Flynn's prose are are arresting, painting vivid images that crackle with intensity.""....the girl a man like Nick wants: the Cool Girl. Men always say that as the defining compliment, don't they? She's a cool girl. Being the cool girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she's hosting the world's biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot. Hot and understanding. Cool Girls never get angry; they only smile in a chagrined, loving manner and let their men do whatever they want.""This is the first book I've read by Flynn, although I have since picked up her second book Dark Places. I loved the dedication to her husband....""What can I say about a man who knows how I think and still sleeps next to me with the lights off?""The buzz you've been hearing about Gone Girl? All true and more. This is THE book to read this summer. I guarantee you won't be disappointed. Just bleary eyed - 'cause you won't be able to put it down!
Having read and reviewed Gillian Flynn's ""Sharp Objects"", I was happy to receive this latest work from the author.  I like dark fiction, mystery, and the odd bit of creepiness, and this newest title definitely fits the bill.This novel is told in the first-person POV of Nick Dunne, interspersed with diary entries from Amy, his wife.Nick was a successful magazine writer and his wife Amy wrote quizzes for magazines in New York.  Life was good, especially because Amy also had a decent trust fund from her parents, two psychologists who are the writers of the ""Amazing Amy"" series of children's books, based loosely on their daughter's life.Shortly after Nick loses his job, closely followed by Amy losing hers, Nick receives a call from his twin sister Margo ""Go"".  Their well-loved mother is dying of cancer, and Nick decides, without consulting his wife beforehand, that they will move back to his hometown of North Cartage, Missouri to help Margo take care of her.  Nick and Margo had always talked about opening a bar, so they borrow from Amy to do so, while Amy ends up being the one sitting with their mother during her treatments, with nothing to do and no friends.On the morning of their fifth wedding anniversary, Nick receives a call from his neighbor.  His door is wide open and their cat is sitting on the porch.  Nick arrives to find a scene of disorder, with a heavy ottoman overturned and other signs of violent struggle throughout the house. Worst of all, his wife is missing.This is a story of the dark side of marriage and humanity.  Ms. Flynn is a talented writer, expert at drawing a mental picture that so perfectly chills the reader:  ""There's something disturbing about recalling a warm memory and feeling utterly cold.""With most missing-person cases, close family are the immediate suspects, and Nick finds himself followed closely by the two detectives assigned to the case.  Following the clues left by his wife's anniversary ""treasure hunt"", we also suspect Nick, even while he voices his innocence.  Amy's diary entries only add to our suspicions, as we follow the trail of a marriage gone cold, filled with dark bursts and suspicions.When I wasn't reading this book, I was thinking about it. When I was reading it, it was difficult to put down.  I was drawn in from the first page, and totally transfixed thereafter.  This is a brilliant piece of psychological writing that will have lovers of dark fiction wishing there were more pages.This one will definitely be on my ""Best Reads"" of 2012 list.  Pick it up; you won't regret it.QUOTESI simply assumed that I would bundle up my New York wife with her New York interests, her New York pride, and remove her from her New York parents - leave the frantic,thrilling futureland of Manhattan behind - and transplant her to a little town on the river in Missouri, and all would be fine.I did not yet understand how foolish, how optimistic, how, yes, just like Nick I was for thinking this.  The misery it would lead to.These messages and orders brought to you by my father, a mid-level phone-company manager who treated my mother at best like an incompetent employee.  At worst?  He never beat her, but his pur, inarticlate fury would fill the house for days, weeks, at a time, making the air humid, hard to breathe, my father stalking around with his lower jaw jutting out, giving him the look of a wounded, vengeful boxer, grinding his teeth so loud you could hear it across the room.  Throwing things near her but not exactly at her.  I'm sure he told himself:  I never hit her.  I'm sure because of this technicality he never saw himself as an abuser.  But he turned our family life into an endless road trip with bad directions and a rage-clenched driver, a vacation that never got a chance to be fun.  Don't make me turn this car around.  Please, really, turn it around.He came home from work and kissed me full on the lips, and he touched me as if I were really there.  I almost cried, I'd been so lonely.  To be kissed on the lips by your husband is the most decadent thing.In the videos, I wore clothes Amy had bought me, and I brushed my hair the way she liked, and I tried to read her mind.  My anger toward her was like heated wire.""...why are you so wonderful to me?""He was supposed to say:  You deserve it. I love you.But he said, ""Because I feel sorry for you.""""Why?""""Because every morning you have to wake up and be you.""Writing:  5 out of 5 starsPlot:  5 out of 5 starsCharacters:  5 out of 5 starsReading Immersion:  5 out 5 starsBOOK RATING:  5 out of 5 starsSensitive Reader:  Some profanityBook Clubs:  Definitely a great pick - there will be lots to discuss as you move through the book and the direction of the story and the feel for the characters change.
Gillian Flynn's books (Dark Place,Sharp Objects) keep getting better. She writes psychological thrillers. Her newest, ""Gone Girl,"" reflects the same intensity of pacing as her earlier novels with the added substance of strong insight into the often polar forces within marriage.When we meet Amy and Nick in the first chapter, Amy is missing. It's their 5th anniversary, and anniversaries have always been a big deal to Amy. As the investigation opens into her disappearance, we get the lovely back story of their courtship, the odd little twists and turns of fate that have brought them together despite a disparate past. New York City is just the right place for this attraction of opposites where Amy writes quizzes for women's magazines and Nick writes for a small paper. Then, WHOMP! Both jobs are chopped, Nick's mom is ill, and he persuades Amy to try life in Carthage, Missouri. Bad move.The chapters unfold in Nick's voice, Amy's diary voice, and eventually, Amy's own. As anyone who watches crime shows knows, Nick will be suspect #1. He doesn't have much to save him. He lies to the police; he has a number of secrets. His twin, Margo (Go), knows him best, and even she begins to wonder. But there are a plethora of suspects from Amy's past that the police are just sitting around ignoring: the weirdo homeless people from the closed-down mall; the stalker roommate, the alleged rapist, the disconsolate high school boyfriend. Since none of these seem to interest the police, Nick doesn't stand a chance against the mounting evidence. The rustic police department seems content to let him hang himself.To prevent spoilers, I will not go into the other aspects of the investigation or Amy's diary, parents, or marriage mythology. Suffice it to say that Flynn presents us with a marriage that was not made in heaven with two flawed main characters that we love at first and watch with a kind of knowing dismay in their unraveling.A book to keep you up late into the night and then to make you wonder, how well do we know that spouse of ours? What secrets does any marriage hold?
A book I will never forget. Despite all the psychological twists and superb character drawing, I think the best aspect of this book is Flynn's mastery of the writing craft.  She has full use of the language with both hands, shaping exactly the images and tones she wants to create, in every paragraph, on every page. My e-copy is heavily highlighted simply for the rich turns of phrase that abound throughout the book.
This book held me spellbound. I tried to pace myself but kept coming back to read more. It is a tense story and the author keeps you wanting to know what will happen next. If you want a good, well written book, something out of the ordinary, read Gone Girl. It is unsettling and you will be sorry when it ends. Surely the author should write a sequel to Gone Girl. I want to know how Amy and Nick continue their lives.
My daughter read it and then bought it for me because she thought it was a great story.  I read it and agreed, clever writing!  I told my other daughter...she has finished it and can't wait to see the movie.  Soon we shall all get together and find out how they manage to keep the suspense going on the screen.If you can't stomach bad language and sexy talk, suggest you find something less exciting.
The plot didn't really grip me until about halfway through. It was a long setup, but worth it. However, the prose is so good that you never get bored. Flynn doesn't an excellent job distinguishing the voices of her two main characters (I dare not call either a protagonist)and giving them both unique writing styles. Right after finishing Gone Girl I ordered Sharp Objects. I'm now a Gillian Flynn fan. And she's cute.
Wow...is pretty much all I can say.  This was my first time reading Gillian Flynn and it certainly won't be my last!Fast paced, scary deep characters, intriguing plot lines which shift back and forth between characters.Great choice for a Book Club discussion for sure!I gave it a great number of stars for the detail and creativity of the plot...It kept me going till the last page!
This book was different from any other book I have ever read.  There was a lot of back and forth.  When I first started reading it, I found it confusing to keep up with all the back and forth and ""he"" and ""she"".  After reading it for awhile, I started to follow the back and forth just fine.  Unusual book and very captivating!  Unusual ending - maybe a sequel would be in order!!!  Enjoyed very much!
My husband (who never reads any novels) bought this book at the airport on the way to Mexico for vacation! He couldn't put it down until he finished it!Then our Son started reading it in Mexico…Honestly? He wanted to hurry back to the hotel to keep reading it…while Mom was ready to have another Margarita!!They just loved it!!Spoiler Alerts Galore (for me)…so I guess I will watch the movie!!
Gillian Flynn is one amazing writer and I loved it.  Wow talk about a thriller that takes you deep into the lives of the two characters of Nick Dunne and Amy Elliott Dunne.  I thought the way the story is told through Journals and a first person Narrative between the two is just amazing.  Wow it kept me at the edge of my seat.  I recently saw the movie and was amazed at how close to the book it is!Wow!
Brilliantly written.  I'm hard-pressed to believe that the movie will capture what Flynn has written.  I did not like the ending, however Flynn filled all the holes  - there was no other way it could end.  Regardless, it was such a pleasure to read something  so vivid and so real.  Gillian's use of metaphor is what I found most impressive. This is a book I will forever recommend to anyone who enjoys great writing.
I resisted buying this book for a while I'm not sure why but I was sure I wouldn't like it but I was completely wrong. This book was so incredible I really enjoyed it. I felt like I devoured it. One thing though when I got to the end I thought for sure there had to be more, Buy now I'm not sure if it's because I felt like there wasn't really an ending or if I really just wanted more.Buy Gone Girl it is incredible.
I could hardly put this book down.  I was morbidly fascinated with these two people who so willingly made role-playing their lives.  We all play various roles at home, at work, during our leisure and charitable activities. But Amy and Nick take it to a frightening extreme. I found the book well-written and worth the time I spent on it. I was a little disappointed in the ending, as i found it somewhat predictable.
This was probably the most-talked-about book of 2012 and for good reason - it's an engaging mystery written with a razor-sharp wit. It will keep you up at night, turning pages until you come to the surprising truth about the girl who vanished.  While the mystery aspect of the book will keep you intrigued, it's the portrait of a marriage (and the character sketch of two dysfunctional people) that will hook you in.
I really enjoyed reading this book especially how the author explores relationships and how much people change after getting married. She gets it!  About halfway through the book I thought the author was male (did not pay much attention) because of the thought process but when I checked and saw it was a female author, I was impressed by how she nailed some of the ""male behaviors and thinking."" Good read!
Gillian Flynn had me from the moment I opened the book -- and she had me guessing all the way. The reader's love-hate relationship with the story's main characters, Nick and Amy, is brilliantly maneuvered by Flynn, and her thrilling exploration of a mystery and a marriage give the reader a front row seat to into their relationship. If you haven't read this book, you are in for a treat. don't wait another minute!
This novel was recommended to me from a friend at the gym, one morning while we both laboring on the elliptical machines.  He told me that he was near the end of the book, but simply did not want to finish it.  I promptly downloaded the book, and could not put it down.  It was a hot fudge sundae every time.  Delicious characters with a study in devious, sociopath type behavior. A very good, fast modern day read.
Fantastic novel. It got me hooked from the first page and I literally could not put it down. It's a rare book that you can't figure out until the very last page and it leaves you breathless. I thought about this book day and night. When I was at work, all I wanted to do was be home reading it. The author is very smart the way she crafted this story. To have thought of this is pretty mind blowing. Wonderful read.
This book has so many twists and turns it keeps you guessing and waiting to see what's next! Interested in seeing the movie now though I don't know if it will do the book justice  You are Team Nick then by the next chapter you are Team Amy. Not a full moment in the bookSuch a great book. I can see why it was turned into a movie. I can't wait to read the next book this author has to offer
I appreciated the psychological aspect of this book.  The author describes a sociopath to a tee.  The manipulations were so great that you think how can someone be that thorough,  but that is what sociopaths do. I actually jotted down some lines from the book that were so ""right on"" when discussing relationship (man and wife) conflicts or concerns that can happen in marriage. Read this book in two days.
Great read, and I read it after watching the motion picture.I appreciate the movie adaptation as it is 99% true to the writing.Flynn writes characters with distinct, engaging voices, even as sheis also creating protagonists that are hard to like or respect by the end.This is a tricky job as most people want to admire a protagonist andsee him/her as a hero. No heroes in this novel!
Have you ever read a book where every single sentence was a work of art? That's Gone Girl. I've heard a lot of people say they had a hard time getting into it so I thought it would be confusing and drab like The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. But no. I was sucked in from the first sentence and couldn't stop reading until I'd seen the last one. Reading this book is not just a way to pass time. It's an experience.
Gillian Flynn can write!  Besides a terrific and well-paced plot, she has an amazing knack for creating certain apt descriptions in simply two or three words, sometimes a made-up phrase, that others might spend a paragraph or two on;  these gems not only carry a certain flavor of recognition, but often reveal and essence that reeks of some before-hidden truth.  Thoroughly enjoyed this guilty summer pleasure...
Gone Girl is more than an account of a marriage that took a terrible turn on the couple's 5th anniversary. It is about the struggle for absolute power between two people. Each time you think you've guessed where the story is headed, the author takes you on a sharp turn which keeps you in suspense happily paging through this dark journey. A great read for those who love mysteries and deep character development.
So there's a twist - that's what anyone reviewing this thrilling book ever dares to say, because no one wants to ruin it for new readers. Let me just say that it's worth the intrigue. I finished it in two days, I couldn't put it down. What I like most about it is how the writer immerses the reader into the minds of the characters - prepared to go on an emotional rollercoaster ride! 5 stars for you, Gone Girl.
I couldn't decide if I wanted to give this 4 or 5 stars. I did love this book. I love the way it was written.  I couldn't wait to read more.  The ending left me wanting more.  I can't wait to see the movie now since Gillian Flynn has written the screenplay and changed the ending. I hope we get more from the movie ending. Very well written, kept me guessing.  Just bought Dark Places, I hope it will be as good.
I don't want to give away anything important so I will just say that there are many delightful twists and turns that will keep you guessing right until the very end.  Halfway through my mouth dropped open and I thought WTF?? and that was just the beginning.  I enjoyed this book so much I've recommended it to everyone and anyone that will listen.  If you enjoy mystery/suspense then this is a must read for you!
This was my first read by Gillian Flynn and I could not put it down. Read it in a couple of days, as time allowed. Found it so enjoyable as I was ""right there"" with each character trying to figure out who was the bad guy. Loved this book. So much better thank Sharp Objects which I just finished and WOULD NOT RECOMMEND. The ending was very predictable plus I don't like reading about animal cruelty in any form.
Wonderful read for those who like murder mysteries.This is the first book I have read from this author and I just couldn't put it down.It was so cleverly crafted that  I had no idea even  in the last few pages how it was going to  turn out .The main characters take it in turns to give their account of events right through the book  which was an effective technique in leading the reader up many dead ends.Enjoy
This book is timeless with its pervasive interplay of marital banter. It is biblical in nature, defining the never ending growth and demise of marriage and friendships. I rarely read books about relationships, but this one is unique in its complexity and ever changing rules of behavior. A fascinating readfor all adults of any age. I am an 81 year old divorced male and loved every page of this adventure.
The book seemed innocently boring at first but I kept going as I liked Flynn's style of writing. Before too long, the mental ""oh""s started, as in ""oh, that's why that happened"" as I believed I had cleverly figured something out, only to be replaced by more ""oooh""s because my original epiphany turned out to be completely wrong...and back and forth it went, always deliciously surprising, and plausibly bizarre.
I really enjoyed this book, and I never knew where the story was going, until it got there.  The scary thing is that Flynn touches on many issues married couples encounter in their relationships, just not to this extreme.  I did not think a movie would be possible since so much of the story seemed to be in the minds of the couple.  However, after finishing the book, I did see the movie, and liked it as well.
I read this book in a day and a half and never--NEVER--have I wanted so badly to skip ahead and read the ending. I was a ball of stress the entire time I read this book and I couldn't put it down.It's beyond disturbing and a brilliant, BRILLIANT psychological thriller. *slow clap for Ms. Flynn* Brilliant.*got a copy from my MIL* (and I'm even more disturbed that SHE read this thing!!)
First things first: that cover. WOW, THAT COVER. I am such a sucker for a good cover.Second things come second but might have come first: that title. AMAZING TITLE.So it has an amazing title and cover but then what? FREAKING amazing PLOT, that’s what.The mystery and intrigue are brilliantly delivered in perfect prose.There is not one thing wrong with this book.
There are few thrillers or mysteries that I've been as fascinated by as ""Gone Girl.""  Although the pattern of ""bad things happen to bad people"" is pretty common in this sort of ""dark"" genre, here it isn't really quite clear who (if anyone) is really bad.  The complexity and lack certainty that infuses the novel is haunting.  For me, Gillian Flynn really solidifies herself as a top-notch author with this one.
Gillian Flynn did a wonderful job at writing this story. The characters Nick & Amy were  hard to actually like, but you're really not supposed to like these people any way.  I love mystery/thrillers that don't ruin the story with too much foreshadowing where you figure out every detail by the end. It definitely kept me guessing and I had a hard time putting the book down.  I would highly recommend this book.
Gillian Flynn's dead on narration and ability to write from both the female and male perspectives made this an excellent read! I mean,she excelled in this so well that I actually found myself caring for Amy's skewed perception on love and marriage. For me to identify with her storytelling like that was truly an eye opener. Will watch the movie this weekend with my wife and see how far it pales in comparison
Have heard that the movie was outstanding, so I wanted to read the book first (I'm like that with all movies made from a novel).  Wonderfully written!  Deeply engrossing, great character development.  You will think you know what's going on and then - BLAM - it turns sideways.  Highly recommend you read this before seeing the movie - although if you've seen the movie I'd love to know what you thought of it.
Gone Girl is enticingly twisty, creating first admiration then disgust for each of the main characters.  There is a frightening truth to the secret thoughts of even the most ""perfect"" marriages.  Flynn paints a portrait of betrayal that sends shivers down the spine that suggests one look deeply into the true intentions of ourselves and our loved ones!  Resentment and boredom create nasty bedfellows.
First, I would like to let the person who is reading this review know I'm not a ""reader"" or a book worm, Secondly I would like to lie to you and tell you not to read this book, especially if you're the thrill seeking, page turning kind of type.Gone Girl is easily one of the best books I've read in recent memory... whether its my real memory... or my made up one ;)Enjoy.
I have never written a review for a book, but felt compelled to do so after reading this one.  Wow...what a great book.Update...discovered that's have actually once before submitted a review, but I had forgotten since it was a terrible book and a bad review :).  I am an avid reader, so I guess I am only speaking up when I am amazingly impressed (no pun to amazing Amy) or thoroughly disappointed.
I enjoyed the book; it was definitely a different read. I liked it so much that I read it in four days. I thought it was a bit slow in a few places but overall it kept my interest. Although I didn't think any of the characters were particularly likeable the author kept my interest with the mystery and intrigue. If you liked Girl On A Train you might like this, I thought they were written in the same style.
This book was recommended to me from a friend and after she asked me if I wanted to read her copy, she says it's not easy to get into but I'm sure you'll love this book. I then chose not to borrow her copy of the book instead I look it up on my kindle fire and find that I can have my own book for three dollars. I read this book not wanting to put it down. It is an amazing book thanks so much Gillian Flynn.
It's been a really long time since I've read a truly gripping, unable to tell what's coming next, kind of book.  This book really makes you question everything that is happening and leaves you wanting more. This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn, and now I'm looking forward to purchasing more books by her because of how blown away I was by this.Seriously. Read this. You'll be hooked.
This book puts the reader on a suspenseful, drama, thriller, and mystery all at the same time.  The author does an amazing job captivating the readers and keeping you hooked to the very last page.  I will admit that it took me approximately 50 pages to really get into the book after which I couldn't put it down.  The story is full if twist and turns and shows how far a woman would go just to prove a point.
A very suspenseful psychological thriller written in a unique way. You see it through his eyes now and her eyes in the beginning. Your mind will be reeling throughout the book. The mind games that people play in dysfunctional relationships can be destructive and so can being deceitful.The author will make you think, guess, and rethink. I think more books like this need to be written. I highly recommend it.
It took me about 2 weeks before I really got into the book but once I did...oh boy was it hard to put down. When I thought I knew where this story was headed it took a sharp turn and headed in a different direction. The title definitely ""Gone Girl"" took on a whole different meaning. I've recommended this book to all of my friends. This is a must if you're in the mood for a good light drama/mystery.
I thought this would be an average missing person novel, but Ms. Flynn takes you on a ride that is so full of twists and turns, you won't know which way is up. Just when you begin to hate certain characters, the script gets flipped and you can't get off the emotional roller coaster, even when you really want to. The end will have you shaking your head in disbelief until you realize how perfect it truly is.
I think it is best not to know too much about this book before you read it. I found it to be a very entertaining, sometimes disturbing, not for the bashful, who done it. This is not a great piece of literature although it is very well written. If you only want a G rated read this would not be for you. I had a hard time putting this book down which is the type of book I really felt like reading at the time.
Great book!  A bit slow to start but once the plot was developed, it was very suspenseful and very surprising. One of the best books I've read and is one I didn't want to put down. After you start seeing the true personalities of the main characters and realize how each impact each others lives plus those who are near to them, it is almost diabolical. I don't think you will be disappointed with this book!
Wow!  I see why they made this into a movie (which I haven't seen yet).  The characters are totally believable.  And the twists and turns are amazing.  This is a really fun read.  You're wondering, ""did he do it?""  ""did he not do it?"".  You see how the media manipulates when even they don't have the full story.  But by the end of the book, you'll have the full story and it will be awesome.
By now, everybody in the free world has read this novel so I don't know why I'm reviewing it. Having said that, I deliberately avoided the publicity & the movie, so although I knew there would be plenty of plot twists, I didn't know what they'd be. This is a terrific thriller - Flynn's strange & complex characters, intricate plotline & noir style are right up there with Elmore Leonard & John D. MacDonald.
I can't remember being so infuriated by a novel.  Of course, I don't want to give anything away.  So let's just say that one of the characters in this novel has to be one of the greatest villains in literature.  And what happens to that villain is not very satisfying.  Let's just hope that Ms. Flynn is planning a continuation of the story in order, if for nothing else, to placate her readers' infuriation.
I watch crime shows and read thriller novels all the time. I almost always could tell what's going to happen next because everything nowadays seems predictable. Not this novel! There were plenty of WTF moments and I couldn't wait to go to the next chapter and the next and then the one after until I can finish it. As long as one does not have high expectations for the ending, it is quite an enjoyable book.
I read this book in 11 days along with going to school full-time and working... it was THAT good! I couldn't put it down. It was suspenseful, articulate, had multiple aspects (marriage, differences between men & women, facade's people put on in varying relationships, etc); it was just a great read. I found myself wondering the outcome several times.I'd definitely recommend this book to anyone!
I was very impressed with the detail (and no slip ups) in the many twists and turns in this 5-star book! I am a slow reader (due to time constraints) but read this book in 2 days . . . unlike other comments, I LIKED the ending because there's room for a sequel. . . I mean how else could it have ended? : ) GREAT JOB Gillian!  Now I'll backtrack and read your other books, this was my first and it was great!
this was a great book. it did not have a ""fake ending"" with a letdown. both characters were flawed and neither likeable. this author has yet to let me down. if you like her other books, you will like this one. I am from the midwest, this area as well, so I enjoy her books.
A modern dramatic tragdey on the age of twitter and the 24 hour TV news cycle, with the guilt decided by the court of public opinion on the whim of uncertain information.  The dynamics of marriage relationships peel back to a ugly core of hate and revenge.  The Hapless Nick is at the mercy of the Amazing Amy in public view, but in private he is living with a true evil person that now he can never escape.
Loved this book!! I read ""Dark places"" but I tried the sample of this and it did nothing for me. With the release of the movie coming up, I figured I'd grab it and try again. THANKFULLY I did!! Because this book is ah-maze-ingggg. This kept me hooked, and guessing constantly, and I was always wrong! There's a reason everyone is talking about this one. Definitely one to put on your list and soon!!
This is an outstanding piece of literature!  It is a very well thought out story, with an unusual structure, that alternately depresses you, makes you laugh, depresses you again, and shocks you.  It is a look at a marriage, with two far from perfect spouses, who have problems, then finally, at the end, ""solve"" their problems.  You may never want to recommend marriage to anyone after reading this!
I mean, of course Buy it. The book introduced me into a dark world of ""damaged"" people that caught me totally off-guard. Abandon all hope, ye who read it, SERIOUS MINDF***S expected.Why the ""DO NOT READ""? Although I am a experienced reader, I was given the sensibility to empathize with the protagonists of the stories I read, AND I ALMOST GOT NIGHTMARES FROM THESE ONES!(PS: Amazing book, BTW!)
This had an unusual twist to the mystery regarding relations between a married couple.  I have not seen the movie but decided to read the book after my son said he'd seen the movie and thought I would like the book.  I would definitely try another by this author.  The ending is troubling because there seems to be no simple solution -- unlike many mysteries where the solving of the plot is cut and dried.
A great read by a great writer. This is a page-tuner mystery that kept me up into the wee hours. Gillian Flynn is a master mystery writer and will keep you shocked and 2nd guessing until the very BITTER end. Really I gasped with shock at the ending. Although there are many rollercoaster hair-pin turns on these pages, by all means go for the ride and do not ruin a bit of it for yourself by reading ahead.
What a crazy ride this book takes you on! This was this month's selection for our book club. Beautifully written and twists around every turn. I loved that it was told in diary form from one perspective and then bounced back to real time.  It caused quite a stir in our discussion. None of us were happy with the ending, however. This is one you have to read. It moves fast, in fact, you can't put it down!
This is one of the novels that once you read you ask yourself why haven't you done so sooner. I heard all the hoopla about it but thought I will not like it since I thought it is a pure crime and investigation story which I am not into. It turned out to be a fantastic page turner. The story line is not predictable. You think you know, but then you realize you were so wrong. Really amazing. Recommended!
The best mystery I've read in a long time. There were many surprising plot twists, but all were plausible and well-done. But the most fascinating part of the boo in my mind is Flynn's dissection of popular concepts of long-term relationships. I don't want to include any spoilers, so I'll say no more. I like Natalie's review a lot, though, so if you haven't read this yet and want more detail, see: [...]
Excellent novel!. When I started to read the book I didn't felt amused about the childish writing style but that was justified by the plot. Then I understood that this wasn't the average Joe book, you could feel the characters, they weren't your iconic-cliché ones at all, they were three dimensional at many levels, you could feel that the author was exposing herself in many of the casual details. Scary
The reader is sucked into this story, immediately bonding with the worried husband, But then we see the wife's story unfold through her diary.  By the time total insanity sets in, the reader is desperately trying to make sense of the plot twists and put rationality into total and complete irrationality.  I was left literally gasping for air at the close of the novel.  Flynn is a brilliant story teller.
At first I wasn't going to bother with Gone Girl due to so many complaints regarding the ending. But I gave it a go through anyway. There are no spoilers here, but I'll just say that Gillian Flynn wrote the ending while staying true to the characters she developed. Had she of changed anything, you'd sit there telling yourself...""Such and such wouldn't have done that""..so bravo Gillian Flynn. Great job!
I have come to love Gillian Flynn and this was the first book I read of hers.  I have now read all three and can't wait for the next ones.  Her characters are manipulative and a little bit evil and continue to surprise you at every turn.  And there are many twists and turns.  I love her style of telling the story through the voices of the different characters.  I literally could not put this book down.
I had read other's reviews of this book and was kind of skeptical about reading it, but it has been on the bestseller's list since this summer so I figured something must be great about it.  I started reading it and couldn't put it down.  I even snuck my Kindle into work and read it in between patients.  It was THAT good!  Many are disappointed by the ending, I think the ending was genius!  LOVE IT!!!!
I absolutely LOVED this book. It took me a little while to get a handle on the 2 different perspectives of telling this story. But then I was hooked. And shocked by the twists and turns and it had me shaking my head many times, saying, ""WHAT?!"" But I truly could not put it down and read it in 2 sittings. And it was really dark and kind of creepy, especially when you realize that it could happen to you.
This book was written so creatively, so intelligently, I cannot recommend it enough.  It is a love story, a crime novel, or is it? The book constantly changes its angle making the reader think harder than the average novel, but because you want to more you are willing to do it.  For those who remember WYSIWYG expect the opposite.
What can I say that hasn't been said before about Gone Girl?  This was one of the most thrilling novels I've read in years, and the ending just made me cringe.By now everyone has seen the movie, but I still feel extra  rewarded by having read the phraseology of Gillian Flynn, who kept me up turning pages way too late at night.Flynn is an amazing writer and this one is a tough novel to top!
I almost couldn't put the book down. I don't want to give anything away so I'll just say that nearly every emotion possible was experienced while reading. I was even anxious in parts. I like to read, but don't have the time or luxury to sit for hours engrossed in a book. Let's just say I have some house work to do because that was the only thing I could neglect without much consequence. Happy reading!
The book sucked me right in, and had so many twists and turns that it kept me wanting to read more.  After a while, though, I thought I would never get to the end.  When it finally ended, I just sat there, unbelieving.  I'm still processing the end, unsure if I like it.  I read the book because I haven't seen the movie yet, and wanted to read it first.  We'll see how it is handled in the screenplay...
Seriously, who thinks up this type of story? Definitely a page turner, full of plot twists and turns. Characters were fully developed and believable (even with all of the insanity). I found myself hating both of the narrators at different points in the story but by the end, I actually LIKED them. Since I don't want to include spoilers in this review, that's about all I can say, this book is THAT good.
I have never written a review but I will for this book. Talk about AMAZING (if you know what I mean). Yes the ending was not what I wanted but sometimes thats life, we don't get what we want but we get instead what is handed to us. I literally felt like I was in the book and have to continuously remind myself it was just a book... Please read it. You will not regret it. And you will laugh, like a lot.
Sounds trite but... self-absorption and self-righteousnous gone amok.  SO well-written, engaging, and entertaining.  Ok, so it's dark but she made it funny and made me want to know these characters.  Many marriage-focused books are just not entertaining for a Never-Married like me.  Taking us thru the retrospective on their courtship was engaging rather than ""gagging"".  THANK YOU, MS. FLYNN!!!
I am a huge fan of The Lion in Winter. This novel reminded me of that film because of the cunning, acting, and deep need to be the significant other's number one that is seen in the novel. Beyond that, however, this novel takes that dynamic and turns it into something so insane that, ultimately, it is fully comprehensible. It is a difficult one to explain, but let me say it was a very, very good read.
This book hooked me within the first chapter-I loved the way the characters connected and how the story read as a he/she.  Its refreshing to read something that is truely believable and so well developed.  After the crazy twists and turns you find yourself sad that the story is over!Since reading this book-I have purchased her other books available.  Nice to find a ""new"" author to enjoy!
Loved this book. In the begining I thought her charactor was a little whimpy but after the books moves forward I was surprised and amused at where her charactor went. I wouldn't want to be in her social circle but she was definately an interesting charactor!! I felt the same about him as well and I know that some people hated the book for it's ending but I liked it. I thought they deserved each other.
Picked this book out because I had heard the movie was good. Although I haven't seen it yet, I know it won't be as good as the book (never is, right?). As the subject says though, HOLY CRAP! I couldn't put this book down! The twists and turns!? Really makes you think about people and what we're capable of doing. Awesome read - very well written and fantastic job keeping me entertained and interested.
I love a good 'I never-saw-that coming' ending and this book has the best. The book has so many 'I never-saw-that coming' events that the ending just fits right in. It is one of those books that a movie version could never do justice to, even with Ben Affleck. The story truly evolves and the reader becomes immersed in the story, with all of its twists. This is truly a twisted story on so many levels!
It's a real page turner and I loved it except for the end.  It was my first time reading a book on my new kindle and when I got to the end I was shocked...""that's it, that's the end?"".  In a physical book you know when you're coming to the end, but I hadn't been paying attention to the % number that said how far I was, so it caught me by surprise and I was really disappointed in how it ended.
I will say it again, I like her writing but there is always something missing.  Some places there needs to be more.....more info.....more writing what is going on in a situation.......I can't put my finger on it.  I feel after some pages, what, that's it??I have more to say about the ending but I can't because it would ruin it.Good book and I would read more because I do like the stories.
The book started out slowly because I disliked both characters.  The further I got into the book the more I disliked them both but found the premise interesting enough to keep reading.  About a quarter of the way into it I thought I had it figured out - ha, more twists.  After 1/2 of the way through I was hooked - still dislike the characters intensely but now I can't wait to see what the end brings.
Ok, this is not a perfect book, but I don't care.  It was clever and smart.  I did indeed find it unputdownable, and for a summer read, that's all I need. But I don't want to trivialize the book, it was better than that.  The author showed some pretty psychologically astute thinking about childhood and marriage and the plot twists kept me going.  Realistic?  Of course not.  A great read?  You betcha.
I remember seeing the trailer for this movie and seeing that it was based off of a best selling novel that I had to read it. I wish I discovered it earlier but besides that, I found this book outstanding. Between every line and after every chapter, I was at the edge of my seat. I found myself staying up late at night and bouncing back in forth with my emotions. Excellent read. I highly recommend it!
OMG.. this is one of the best mysteries I have ever read!  I couldn't put it down once I started reading it. So many unexpected twists and turns, it was amazing. I can't wait to see the movie to see how closely they followed the book. Hope they don't ruin the plot line, because it is PERFECT!  I just order two more of her books and I am hoping that they are as good as this one.  This is a MUST READ!
Oh my gosh!  What a page turner!  All, I can say is - ""if you are using a traditional first generation, wait till you see 50% at the bottom of that kindle!""  You are going to be blown away!  Loved this book.  I wanted to read it before the movie came out and now I am hoping I can find some time to see the movie.  ENJOY!  And don't be surprised when everything you were thinking goes sideways!
Just when you think you've got this book figured out, you realize that you are completely wrong.  Not only does the plot continue to evolve, but so do the characters.  My only negative comment is that the ending makes you feel like you don't have the complete story. So many questions are left unanswered.  My hope is that Gillian Flynn comes out with a second novel to pick up where this one left off.
I didn't like the characters - they leave an almost bitter taste in your mouth, but I loved the story.Gillian Flynn did a brilliant job - I was in suspense from chapter to chapter and almost wanted to race through to the end and reveal the truth!I can't recall having read anything similar to Gone Girl before- it's unique style is deserved of all the attention the book has been receiving.
There's not much I can comment without potentially giving something away.  Let's just say that for me, it lived up to the hype.  It was a slow start for me in the beginning; I wasn't thoroughly engaged until about 100 pages in.  After that, I couldn't put the book down.  I dare not use any more adjectives because anything I say may ruin your experience.  You're just going to have to read it and see.
Must read! This book is absolutely amazing, crazy, and awesome! I didn't like this book very much at first as I don't typically enjoy books told in different perspectives chapter by chapter, but I kept reading. And then I was hooked! I would find reasons to leave the room just to see what Nick and Amazing Amy were up to now.....definitely worth it. I can't wait to read another book by Gillian Flynn.
It moved a little slowly, but the sinister pay-off was so worth it.  Especially where Amy is concerned, the characters are never who you expect them to be, and as parts of their masks begin to fall away, you see the true evil and brokenness that lies within.  It gave me chills, and if this is any indication of how great Gillian Flynn's novels are, I look forward to reading everything she publishes.
The book is well written and captivating...interesting style...I haven't finished it so I don't know if there's a twist, but since Andie showed up I'm sure there must be. And why did Amy want to buy a gun?Seemed to lose steam about midstream...I was expecting a twist, but it just fizzled out...no redemption for the would be hero and the antagonist wins!!! I didn't even know It was over.......
This is not an easy book.  These are not easy characters.  That said; This is a beautifully written book.  This is a psychological horror story.  The author is a master at simile; every one made the story, the characters come alive for me.  There are many reviews about plot here; I won't do that as this point.  My advice: Read this book.  It is an amazing journey, with twists and turns that amaze.
Well written, excellently paced work. Good characters and clever plot line. I haven't reach the end of the story and hope it holds together as well as the rest of the plot has done so far. It is a hard book to put down because the author knows how to keep you engaged and on the edge of your seat wondering what will happen next. The style of alternating between the two main characters is well done.
There is so much I loved about this book, I don't know where to begin.  I was hooked from the very beginning.  The writing style is compelling and I could not get to the next page fast enough.  I became invested in both the husband and wife characters in this portrait of a marriage going south.  The author nails the ending, which makes ""Gone Girl"" an absollute success from start to finish.
This book goes back and forth between perspectives of the main characters.  The mystery builds with narratives as reader is drawn into world of each.  Reader begins to understand their problems and why the perfect love is doomed.  The are both so flawed.  At the end I was torn between which to feel sorry for, both were injured.  However, one is psychotic, and I would never sleep well in the house.
This book lives up to the hype.  I ordered it after seeing it was one of the top choices on a reading website.  What I liked most about Gone Girl is that it works on several levels.  You could enjoy it as a straight up thriller/mystery or also appreciate its subtle writing and ironic tone.  Some may not like the ending, but I found it entirely plausible and true to the tone of both the characters.
I took a break from reading Dance With Dragons, to read Gone Girl and was glad I did.  I found it fast, thoroughly entertaining and unpredictable.  None of the main characters are very likeable, so I was able to distance myself from caring too much about what happened to them in the end.  Alot of readers didn't like the ending, but I thought it was brave and gutsy.  Great airplane read!  Loved it.
Slow to start, but the ending is well worth the wait!
This is my favorite book. I love everything about it - the characters, the plot, the clever way everything is written. I've read it dozens of times and one reason to love it even more is that it is now available in an audiobook so I can listen to it at work. The people who do the voices were very well chosen and really bring the characters to life. I really wish I could find more books like this.
I love this book. Flynn's writing style is brilliant. It has been a long time since I have read a book by an author that made we want to put every other book on my ""to-read"" list on hold so I could read everything this author has ever written. Plot was gripping. No time was wasted on unnecessary facts and long drawn out plot exposition. The most engrossing book I have read in a long time.
This book is amazing! It was a little boring at first, so it sat on my Kindle unread for a few weeks, but then I picked it back up to read again and I'm quite glad I did. After a show start, the book picks up pace rapidly. It's a real page turner with a HUGE twist. One I don't think anybody could see coming.If you love books, do yourself a favor. Read this one. You'll be glad you did.
Wow!  What can I say that hasn't been said already!  Quite possibly one of the most intriguing mystery/thriller/suspense books I have ever read!  I just didn't see ""that"" coming was what I said over and over in this great read.  One of the few books I have ever read that I wanted to pick it up and read it again right after I finished to see all of the clues I missed the first time around.  Bravo!
This is not a murder mystery (which I don't read!) -- it's a very twisted story of a very twisted couple and what they will do to each other. Great depth of character development -- you'll find yourself rooting for each of them at times, and then hating the very thoughts in their heads. Totally unpredictable plot twists -- such a treat in today's world of rather templated writing. Read this book!
I could hardly put this book down. It has to be good for me to really get into the book or I lose interest ""right away.""The story line moves fast and is intoxicating.  Each chapter left you wanting to know what is about to happen next.  Ending surprised me, very different!  Now I want to see the movie!Book is for adult reading due to some adult situations and obscenities.
A great well-written book. Gone Girl will keep you up nights just trying to figure out the ending and just trying to get to the ending. I finished it at 2 a.m. I just couldn't put it down. The author wrote it in what I call 'diary form"", which contributes to the suspense of the story.  Great interaction between a man and his wife or a man and a sociopath.  Not telling anymore...go read the book.
This book was great. I am definitely a person who gets sucked into great stories very easily, but this book was different. It was more than just a great story. The author develops the characters in a way that makes you have contradicting feelings for each of them... which is genius! If you enjoy reading stories with intriguing dark twists, I would highly reccomend this read. You won't regret it.
I loved this book, very hard to put down.  The writer is very clever the way she feeds you the characters personalities.Just when you think you have grasped who they are, they begin to change.  I have not read anything quite like it before.  I am quite good at guessing outcomes but not with this book.  I have not enjoyed a book this much since I read ""before I go to sleep"" by s.j watson.
One reader decscribed this book as a slow burn, while it is that, the author immediately hooked me like a fish leading me around the plot where she wanted me to go and then ""BAM"" turned the tables on me! She played and toyed with me like a puppet and the ending was totally unexpected! If you love a smart and entertaining story, Gone Girl is for you. Read it, you will not be disappointed.
I bought the Kindle version of this novel when it first came out, LONG AGO, and it is STILL on the bookshelves (virtual and actual alike)!  The book was very well written and reminded me of a long ago Agatha Christie (boy, does that date me!) when you were in suspense to the very end.  However, this seems to be a one time shot with this author - her other novels are not that great...............
Loved this book!  The plot seemed easy to figure out, but every time I thought I knew I'd figured it out, I was surprised.  Twist after twist, and I love that you got a perspective from two characters.  I wasn't thrilled with the ending, but I think it leads up to a part 2.  It was very interesting and always kept you on your toes and continuously thinking and trying to figure out what was next.
Loved this book from page one.  I read the first chapter over lunch one day and honestly didn't want to get back to work (but I did).  This book combines great writing with psychological twists and turns that keeps the reader on his/her toes. Amy and Nick are both nut jobs...or are they?  The ending left me in total shock.  You will have to read it to see what I mean.  You won't be disappointed.
Gone Girl provides the reader with a view into one woman's perverse ability to manipulate her dark side so well that she easily deceives those closest to her while, at the same time, rationalizing her behavior to herself to justify getting whatever she wants at any price. This book made me ask myself just how well I really know the people I'm close to....or how well I've allowed them to know me.
I continually uttered omg out loud as I read this book, to the great consternation of my husband.  What a powerful story!  None of the characters are likable, I mean none - but the story itself was unbelievable.  An absolute page turner.  You will not be able to put down this book for the last half, gotta see what happens!
I was pleasantly surprised. It is really worth reading. Most of the time you just keep wandering what is going on, however sometimes it is easy to guess. Still you can't put the book aside. I read it wherever I could. And even decided not to watch the movie but to finish the book first. Totally recommend. And besides think of reading other books by the author, hope they are as good as this one.
Excellent.  Very well structured keeping you on your toes right through to the end.  Not only is the character development interesting, to say the least, showing that heroes so often have feet of clay. This is not a typical crime story in that there are no dramatic scenes of a typical who-dunnit.  Rather a slow progress towards a rather unusual ending to say the least.  I could not put it down.
I'm not normally thrilled with thrillers, suspended by suspense, or mystified by mysteries, but Gone Girl was like a disease, running excitement through my veins. Twisting and turning through the two narrators, it was impossible to put down. Gillian Flynn mastered typical, conversational word usage while throwing in great vocabulary during conversation for extra flare. Gone Girl is a MUST READ!
People are saying they didn't like the ending to this book.  I agree it wasn't ""satisfying"" but it was believable.  This plot was so unbelievable that it was believable.  Aren't the best true stories always the things that we never would have been able to imagine?  This book kept me totally enthralled. If you want something predictable read something else.  I think this will make a great movie!
The ending wasn't what I was expecting, but the storytelling is great, and it moves along well. This book could make you question how well you know the significant other in your life. I think the flip of the hero/villain roles between all of the characters was very well done. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes suspense novels. I look forward to reading more of Mrs. Flynn's writing.
I wasn't sure which way the story was going when I began, but as soon as the first twist occured, I was HOOKED!!! Very good writing, I didn't have any trouble telling the difference between the two trains of thought, so to speak. It kept me anticipating what was going to happen to both of the main characters, and I was frequently surprised! I'm anxious to pick up another novel by Gillian Flynn.
I love the mystery genre and it is rare that a plot can surprise me, but this one did.  I could not put it down after starting it.  The characters are interesting because they are not sympathetic at all, especially the protagonist.  Usually when I dislike the person telling the story I lose interest in the book.  In this case I keep reading and let myself be swept along by the story and twists.
I gave Flynn's SHARP OBJECTS a 5 star review and really enjoyed the book. However, if I had read GONE GIRL first I would have given SHARP 4 stars for not living up to the greatness of GONE.I loved this book from start to finish. Flynn is now is must read on my list.If you're a fan of thrillers or crime fiction of any kind, do yourself a favor and read GONE GIRL... today.
When I first began reading this book, I thought it to be an intriguing enough story, but I was not spell bound.  However, at the halfway mark, the riveting drama began.  I was like  ""what???""  From that moment on, I only put my Kindle down if I absolutely, positively had to do something else!  The twists and turns of the story were incredible.  I cannot wait to read more from Ms Flynn.
I heard good and bad reviews about this book. Decided to read it for myself. I love this book. The style in which it was written kept me fascinated. The mystery was compelling and kept pushing me forward to read more and more. I had trouble not being able to put it down. The story plot had new twists and turns and kept me guessing until the very end. This was a fun, exciting, and a great read.
I read all three books in order, and this one was just unbelievably great! I finished it in a weekend! I just couldn't put it down! You really hate and love both characters and you just wish them on each other. Reading the ""diary"" amy and ""real amy"" was so good i actually wanted to kick myself for feeling bad for her!!! Gyllian flynn has definitely become one of my favorites!!!
I could not put this book down! The first couple of pages were kind of slow but the further I got into it, the better it got.  Talk about plot twists! Just when you thought you had it figured out, it would surprise you.  And I never saw the end coming! I'm definitely going to have to get the author's first two books now.
I had recently read Gillian Flynn's other novel Dark Places and enjoyed it thoroughly. When I heard that David Fincher was making a film version of Gone Girl I dived in. This is a really clever, razor sharp thriller that turns the screws and around the 3/4 point turns the whole thing on its head. I loved both central characters and hated them too. A very satisfying read and highly recommended
I read this book with curiosity after reading some of the other reviews. It takes a while to get going, but then it is one surprise after another and keeps you wondering what is coming next. Many have criticized the ending, but I found it was in character with  the way Amy lead her make-believe-life. All in all I enjoyed the story and found it hard to put down once I got into it. A good read!
Flynn takes you into the confidence of each character before revealing the flaws and how that character has fooled you so that the book sets up so many layers of intrigue.  On the surface there's a missing wife. Beneath is manipulation, disguise, obsessive parenting, the illusion of perfection and a haunting feeling the the people closest to you may not be what they seem. Structurally superb.
First, let me say this is a very good book.  It is twisted and disturbing and very creepy.  It was addictive and I couldn't put it down.If you're like me, and get totally engrossed in a novel as you're reading it, be careful reading this book if you're married and want to stay that way.  Maybe try reading a lighthearted romance book afterward to wash the taste out of your brain...
I don't want to ""spoil"" for anyone, but this is one of the few books that has kept my attention in the past year.  I'd say it's up there in my top ten for how it resolved.  i do with the ending was different, but 1 chapter compared to the entire book, i can't really complain.  but it seems more realistic, though i wish it was different.  you'll understand when you read it......get it!
The material is so fresh and interesting and the story unfolds without flagging. Clearly a great deal of thought went into the planning of the book. People are very complex and as they get older they get more so. I found the unveiling of the personalities of the characters under the stress of the situation fascinating. I can highly recommend the book to anybody who likes a good mystery story.
This book has a surprise ending that kept me guessing throughout.  A really good book that's been made into a movie.A psychological ""who-dun-it"" that makes you wonder what really happened and why. Don't want to ruin the ending, but if you haven't read this suspenseful book, buy it here or get it at the library. This is a wonderfully written and plotted book with deeply-flawed characters.
Even if you are not a reader,YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK!  So few books can get you so involved, that you go through all the emotions of love, hate, disgust, sympathizing, outrage... For each of the main characters... This book was seriously demented (in a GOOD, cant stop reading it way) and awesomely written.  Cannot wait to see the movie! Looking forward to more books by this brilliant author!
Excellent book.  Kept me reading it till I finished it 5 minutes prior to leaving to see the movie.  It has a piece of information in it that I did not  see in the movie.  Maybe I missed it, but no one else who saw the movie but did not read the book knew what that information was: How did she get pregnant with her husband's child when they had not had relations since before she disappeared?
I don't know what whent trough the mind of this woman . Just to keep a man that doesn't even love her. Lied to her parents, commit murder in the name of what? just to be call the perfect spouse? It's mind blowing,the more you read the more you want to keep on reading just to find out what happened. It's a thriller mind blower,. No wonder it has been on the top best sellers for so many weeks.
I'm really surprised at some of the negative views. I personally loved the psychological suspense and the ending was what was called for in this genre--unsettling!It is one of the best books on a marriage gone wrong...eerie, with a perfect twist. I highly recommend it. Don't believe all the bad reviews. : )
Flynn weaves a tale which keeps topping itself for twists, turns, and suspense. The two main characters, particularly Amy, evolve with the intriguing story that each of them tells in alternating chapters. Not a dull moment. I do think Flynn goes a little overboard in the last 50 pages or so, but I still found myself wanting to know the entire journey of this story, not just the destination.
I wouldn't put this in the same category as a beach read because the storytelling is more sophisticated than that. It was just so well paced and compelling that I binge read it over a couple days. It has everything I love to read in a story: mystery, suspense, dysfunctional relationships, multiple narrators. Just excellent all around. Downloading more Gillian Flynn to my Kindle immediately.
I thought that this book was very well written, and clever. I kept wondering what the spin would be, how it would end, and I could not put it down once I got to Part two. Once I got to the ending, I came to terms with it, and felt that it was a fine ending, until I got to thinking about it and then realized, it didn't make much sense. Either way, I was really in to this book and enjoyed it.
WOW!!  Excellent writing, fantastic storytelling. Part of me was appalled the other part had me laughing out loud [no mean feat! Writing that operates on many levels, the hollowing out of American society post financial crash, who is each individual in a marriage, who is acting for whose benefit and an absolute dissection of deviousness..... Brilliant!. Gillian  Flynn... keep writing.
My husband ordered this novel for his iPad and I was out of books at the time. I usually don't read what he does but I was desparate.  This is a really bizarre novel but in a good way.  At first I didn't think it would be so exciting, and was prepared to muddle through but then the story really got me.  I won't say much more because to discuss it further might spoil the roller coaster ride.
The novel is incredibly well writren. It is funny, charming and engaging. After a few pages free sample, I became convinced that I must read how it will go for these persons. The plot thereafter was consistent withe this good beginning, omend often surprising. What was now going to happen? It was difficult not to be involved in the persons in the novel. I was sad when the book was finished.
Wow, this book has so many twists and turns in it you think you're driving down Lombard Street. And, it is well written. There is a masculine POV and a feminine POV. There are no loose ends. When the end comes, you want more. I don't usually read fiction and when I do it isn't a murder story but my neighbor kept telling me I had to read this. She was right. Now I can see the movie - maybe.
This was a captivating book! It is hard to write this review without telling any spoilers so I shall keep it brief, but I was surprised at multiple points within the book I will say that much. I could not put this book down and was drawn into the story from start to finish. HIGHLY recommend this book to any prospective reader. I've yet to see the film so I'm curious to see how it compares.
This kept me reading without notice of any daily duties around me. Haven't read a book like that for a bit. I'm deciding if I want to see the movie. There is much fodder for a follow up book....though I don't feel let down by ending if there is not. Interesting study in mental chaos, emotional games, and  wildly flawed characters laced with some behaviors we might all recognize. Good read!
I loved this. I felt the need to read it before the movie came out. Full of plot twists. Definitely a thriller. And the plot twist was revealed at exactly the right time. Caveat: the ending sucked. That is my only complaint about the novel. I suggest giving a chance. People recommend it for a reason. its a page turner, i listened to it, and i couldn't wait to hear it in the car. easy read.
This is an excellent read! I read it and just could not put it down until I was finished. There were parts that were literally laugh out loud funny and parts that were so interesting and compelling that I just had to read to my hubby with no context and he seemed to enjoy it (lol). I thought this book was brilliant and I am so excited that they are coming out with a movie! Yay Ben Affleck!
Flynn is a master story teller. She alternates between different narrators and perspectives on the violent disappearance of the narrators wife. The story unravels in layer upon layer, adding to the complexity. She forces you to question who you believe and how you would behave under the circumstances. The characters are fascinating, relevant , and completely unique. A must read all around.
Do you like psychological thrillers that aren't necessarily the gruesome kind or the overly romanticized serial killer variety? Then this is for you. Not amazing writing, but who cares? It's addictive to the point I snuck a read at work quite often on Kindle for PC (shhhh) don't expect to fall in love with the characters, but do expect to be drawn into a world of somewhat unlikable people.
I kept hearing how great this book was, so I knew I had to get my hands on it.  I'm glad I did!  The plot was like a windy road - it kept taking different turns and I really didn't know where it would end up.  I enjoyed the suspense and I would definitely recommend this book to others, especially if you typically like crime or suspense novels.  Hope to read more of her works in the future!
It's been a while since I've read a book that keeps me on edge. The author does an incredible work laying out the story, and despite some say the ending didnt bring closure to the story, I think it was perfect; it explained enough so we get an idea of what is going on, but at the same time it was open enough so you can still vex your mind trying to figure out what goes through Amy's head.
I started this book three times and didn't like the writing style or the characters.  My daughter-in-law persuaded me keep reading and I am glad I did. I got hooked and even though I still disliked both the main characters, I kept reading to find out what bizarre thing would happen next. I am sure someone could poke holes in the twists and turns of the plot, but it is clever nevertheless.
One of the best books I've read in the past year. Lots of twists that are unpredictable. Well-developed characters. You care about the main character and the supporting character of his sister is also a good addition. Plan to re-read in a few years - it's that good. This book is very well thought out. The author is very skillful in his writing and describes things in an almost poetic way.
This book was a good read! It kept me on my toes throughout the whole book. There were so many things that went on in the story, and you never knew what was going to happen next. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a twisted tale, as well as someone who loves a little thriller with a little mystery. It is a twisted romance novel that makes you want to learn what happens next.
Many people are disappointed with the ending. I thought it was brilliant...in keeping with the entire story. Gillian Flynn has written a story, so complex, yet completely believable. I searched for loop holes and found none. I wish I had read this book earlier, because I could not get Ben Affleck out of my brain when I read Nick's narrative. I couldn't put it down and hate that it's over!
This book definitely grabbed me from the very beginning.  I found myself spending my lunch breaks reading instead of eating.  To me, the true test of how well a book was written is if I have strong feelings towards one or more of the characters, and I can say that I ended this book with true disgust and borderline hatred towards one character and deep sympathy for another.  A must read!!!
I loved this book!  It had been on my ""to read"" list for quite some time, so when my sister handed it over and said, ""Tell me what you think,"" I jumped at the chance.  This book had me from the first page.  Just when I thought I had it figured out, BAM!  I did not have it figured out.  I love books that play with your mind, and this one is a masterful example of that.  Highly recommended!
Gillian Flynn's best seller depicts a marriage gone terribly wrong that ignites on its fifth anniversary (July 5, 2012) from a simmering, sinister set of dire circumstances into a criminal investigation.  Diabolical schemes of revenge and spousal annihilation explode this private nightmare into a national feeding frenzy by the media.  The pages turn and the suspense mounts.  A great read!
Truly heart stopping from the first sentence. This novel takes you back and forth and back and forth so many times you begin to think you are the crazy one. It's well worth the price in hardcover never mind the price for the kindle. It deserves it's number one spot in our local area!How anyone could give it less than five stars is beyond me. Just try the sample and you'll be hooked!
What I like about Gillian Flynn's writing is how she skillfully alternates the reader's emotions between the two main characters.  As you go along you think - oh, he is right and I believe him.  Then.... you see another side through the wife's eyes and wonder, is THIS really the truth?  Are either of them truly worth my admiration?Also, a most interesting ending.  Great read!
This is a twisted, psychological roller coaster but you won't be able to put it down. I read the whole thing in 3 days. Just when you think you have it figured out, there's something else to blow your mind. It's also very well written, clever and filled with very relevant quotes and concepts that actually apply to everyday life and real relationships. A fantastic, fun and enjoyable read.
I love this book! it's so gripping & keeps you on the edge of your seat! It's one of those books you cannot put down! I love how there are two parts in the book, and each part has you feeling different ways about the characters. There are a few twists & unexpected turns that have you screaming OUT LOUD in shock/ Disbelief/anger, what have you. If you love a great Thriller, get this book!
Thank you for making my 6 hour flight enjoyable. This book was such a fun and exciting read. It was a recommendation from my sister and I am so glad I purchased it. I was so engrossed in this book the flight attendant yelled at me to turn off my kindle twice before take off.I will add that I was slightly disappointed at the ending. But thas ok, you can alway have it your way.
It is rare to read a mystery novel with such depth of character. I was never sure I should love, hate, fear, or pity the characters, and the tortured arguments Ms. Flynn makes for each one of those emotions is so artfully done.  It was a book that I could not put down even as I alternated between exhilarating hope and shocking terror. I will definitely be reading Ms. Flynn's other works.
Gone Girl!  What a ride this story is.  I loved each and every character, for they played their roles as reality, not fiction.  A fifth wedding anniversary is to be celebrated, and oh, my, is it ever.  A different type of mystery than the usual ""who done it.""  It moved fast from page one.  Interesting detective work. A good read and full of surprises.  Want to read others by this author.
What an amazingly written and mind boggling book. I could not hold still reading this book. It is not a predictable thriller mystery plot at all. The juxtaposed view points add to the mystery and aid in confusing the reader. The characters are so beautifully developed and one can't help but love and hate them at the same time. Mildly horrifying yet completely engrossing. Read this book!
The level of enjoyment of this book will be greatly influenced by avoiding any spoilers. I successfully avoided hearing the outcome of the book (and movie) so I was able to really get into the story. I loved all the twists - it made for a fabulous read. And the author is quite brilliant at keeping you off balance as far as how you feel about each character. Now I want to see the movie.
Wow, at first I could not get into this book and almost put it down.  Being the die hard reader that I am I plugged on and boy am I ever glad I did.  After that I could not put it down so many twists and turns.  I loved this book and am anxiously awaiting the DVD release.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good read with a lot of intriguing turns.  This book has it all.
This book was very unusual as a mystery and a thriller.  It took twists and turns that I didn't expect but that I appreciated as being different and creative.  Good plot and character development.  My interest was maintained.  As a matter of fact I had a hard time doing anything else until I finished the book.  I would recommend it for anyone who enjoys a well written mystery/thriller.
I read this while on holiday and it's a mark of the plotting and writing that I couldn't wait to get back to the hotel room so I could keep going. It's got an excellent, tense plot and two characters that you oscillate between liking and hating, feeling sympathy for, and feeling they are getting what they deserve. Really well-written and I can't wait to read more of this author's work.
Gillian Flynn put together a great page turner. My first of her novels.  I'm hooked got Dark Places next and it was even better than Gone Girl.  If you like a good mystery with twists and turns and characters that you want to believe in till the end - you will not be disappointed.  I just loaded her other novel to my kindle app after I was up till 3am finishing Dark Places.  Im hooked!
The story unfolded expertly in Ms Flynn's more-than-capable hands.  You vacillate from love to hate and back to love with these unique fully realized characters and the very intricate situation the author has created and so deftly plays out.  Guaranteed to hook you... I honestly can't remember the last time I was glued to a chair and didn't move til I turned the final page.  Well done!
So, this book is getting some slack for the ending and while I didn't expect the book to end this way, I loved it! It is different. No spoilers but man, people, open your minds to possibilities. It was anything but predicatible. The cliche thing didn't happen. Loved it. Finished it in 2 days. Definitely recommend.
My first reading of this author and I am hooked  I could not put this book down.  It is so well written both from a literary point of view and as  psychological .  The characters and plot capture your attention immediatley .  The plot keeps you wondering what is going to happen next??  I would highly recommend it.
This book was really full of surprises, lots of twists, and characters with more sides and dimensions than you'd expect. I really couldn't put this book down. I'd highly recommend it to readers that enjoy suspense, drama, dark humor, and fast-paced action. There are quite a few swear words and sexual situations, so not a great idea for anyone who might be offended by those situations.
The first half of this book was fairly average and somewhat predictable. Then something happens and everything changes. The book becomes enormously interesting with unpredictable twists in the story. I found myself unable to put the book down at that point which was a very welcome change. Overall, a very good book. Just plow through the beginning till you get to the really good stuff.
After reading this, I compare all the books that I am reading and nothing has compared. Thus far, Gone Girl is my favorite. It was so thrilling, keeps you wanting to know more and keep reading. It's not necessarily relatable but you kinda wonder if there is just a hint of Amy in us (the wives). I immediately bought the Audible so I don't stop, I was listening to it while multitasking.
Well-written.  However, it is impossible to empathize or like ANY of the main characters because of their dysfunctions.  As our Book Club members said, ""They deserve each other,"" and ""I wouldn't be friends with any of them.""  The only sympathetic character was Go, the twin sister.  The ending was strange and disappointing.  Looking for a sequel?  or opening discussion?
No spoilers here.Nothing but nothing is as it seems.Not Nick, not Amy.It took me a while to get into this book.I thought it was the usual, happily, ever-after, love story.Then, I could not stop reading it.Love story, it is not.Beautifully written, hair standing up on the nape of my neck horror; it was.
Gone Girl was one of those books I just could not put down. Every time I thought I knew where the story was going and started to prepare myself for the let down of just another crime novel, the author gave everything a twist. Without spoiling anything the treasure hunts were Amazingly clever! I resisted reading this book for awhile. However, I am so glad I did and highly recommend it.
Excellent and highly memorable characters.  Plot is deeply psychological and heavy.  This book is chalk full of details which drive the plot into a shocking climax!  I couldn't put Gone Girl down.....Another depiction of the intelligence of a strong woman and weak man and how things are not always as they seem.  This writer has a great imagination and I plan to read more of her books.
This story had so many twists and turns, it was constantly evolving. I thought it was very well written with characters so real I could picture them clearly. No matter what you think of the ending, this book allows the reader to think about relationships from different angles. Very thought provoking, entertaining and book club worthy. I can't wait to discuss this one with my friends.
I loved this book!  It kept me guessing the whole time!  I really enjoyed how it switched perspectives.  The ending was peculiar.  I got myself out of bed at 11:45 (I couldn't put it down!) to ""Google"" what the ending meant.  It doesn't seem that many people enjoyed the ending and I'm still not totally clear as to what is really meant.  Maybe that was the point of it, though.
Didn't love the ending but the book was incredible!
It was unlike any book I've read before. The twists and turns and suspense. The giant FU's and how often I went back and forth hating one character and then the other. It was truly amazing. I will say the ending was....um, how do I say this? I hated it. But that's isn't to say it wasn't good, just not how a twisty turny book should end. My opinion. But I'd still HIGHLY recommend it.
Loved the movie so I ordered the book.  I was not disappointed.  The missing pieces were filled in.  Even knowing the story, I felt on edge with every turn of the page.  I didn't want it to end.  While the ending of the movie left me saying ""What?""  The book tied it up perfectly, I couldn't imagine it any other way...Amy is a force to be reckoned with; don't make her angry..
I absolutely loved this book!  I heard the movie was to come out and hate to see a movie without first reading the book.  The characters are complex but realistic.  The twists are not always foreseen.  I would recommend this book to anyone but think you should definitely read it before seeing the movie.  Who knows what liberties the directors will take with this marvelous storyline.
This clearly belongs on one's must-read list.  If you like mysteries and thrills in a novel, this is your read.  After I reached halfway on my Kindle, I found it difficult to put this down.  It contains a large variety of plot twists, thrills, and Hitchcock-style coincidences.  So what happened to Amy anyhow?  Hint- she really did disappear.  Sorry- read the book to really find out!
Great book and interested that a movie is being made based on it.  As a St Louis native, it was interesting to read all of the Missouri/St Louis references.  I loved the twists and turns - it made it hard to put the book down.  Wasn't sure who I was rooting for and the ending - well I won't spoil it for those who have yet to read it.  Am interested in other works by this same author
The story continued to surprise me, until the end. I love Gillian Flynn and this story was no exception to her greatness. I got to fall in love with Nick through the eyes of Amy's diary. I got to search through Nick's mind to see what was really going on inside his head. Every character stood alone very well. And the dynamics of MO vs NYC were fun.All in all, great book!
one of my favourite books I've read for a long time. I was obsessed by it. I thought about it when I wasn't reading it. It was the first thing I thought about when i woke up in the morning. I had to have a break from reading after I finished it because it was so intense and so awesome. Didn't like the ending, just because it wasn't what I wanted to happen, but it's still amazeballs.
This is an amazing tale of two people dealing with all the baggage that can be thought of. You find your emotions swinging between rooting for and strongly disliking both Nick & Amy. If you are married or in a committed relationship of any kind, all the feelings they have for each other will be familiar. The writer does an excellent job writing both points of view. Read this book!!!
What a ride! I haven't been this engrossed by--this compelled by--characters in ages. This is truly among the most entertaining literary novels I've read. And I've been reading for over 50 years. A great choice for book clubs, mystery fans, romantic suspense readers, and readers who appreciate literary fiction.
I literally couldn't put this book down...it gripped me from beginning to end! It's disturbing, intriguing, creepy, and seriously addicting. With a twist I didn't see coming and an ending that I'm still mad about, it was a book I was instantly emotionally invested in from the start. Amazing writing, unique plot, and characters you love to hate...all ingredients for an awesome book!
I'd seen the movie and wanted to read Gillian Flynn' s novel and was not disappointed. The basic story begins that Nick discovers his wife, Amy disappears on their fifth anniversary and the police investigation narrows on him. Where is Amy? Is she alive? The book is a rollercoaster with a twist that you aren't expecting. The ending of the novel makes me wish that there is a sequel.
Summer is here and who doesn't like a page turning, plot with a twist, book to sit down with? I started this book and could not put it down! Gillian Flynn created characters that drew me in, that made me care about them. I couldn't wait to get back to the book to find out what was happening next. I haven't read any of her other books but will definitely add them to my reading list!
I tried reading this two times before and couldn't get into it. After a co-worker raved about it, I picked it up one last time and thank goodness I did. Probably the best book I read in 2013. Lots of unexpected twists and turns that make you think ""Wait a sec - what just happened. WTF. OMG! Holy s***. Must read on to find out what the hell is going on.""Can't wait for the movie.
Gone Girl is a psychological study of a husband and wife, each writing from their own perspective (i.e. in the first person).  It turns out that what they write is not always quite what happened or what happened at all.  The mystery is more about what is real and what is staged than about who did what to whom.I think it's brilliantly done.  A book you won't forget in a hurry!
All of the hype was right. I couldn't put it down! The first half was fairly predictable but, wow! Once I got to the midway point it was one twist after another! The writing style, with the two protagonists alternately speaking, was unusual but a good choice. I hated the end, of course, although it made total sense in the context of the relationship. All in all, an excellent read.
This is one of the best novels I have read in years. The plot is different and very well written and thought out. I chose it because it was on the best seller list for a long time. My only criticisim is that it was so well written that the low class language could have been left out. I also felt that I would have liked a final ending, but I have a feeling there could be a Part II.
I am the type of girl who always springs for very girly books. Emily Giffin, and I also have been going through an Amish Fiction phase (what?). I have to say I loved this book! There is a lot of focus on character development. I loved that the characters knew more than the reader. All together really enjoyed!
I got this for my sister who loves mystery novels. After she was done, our friends and I also read the book. This was before the movie came out and I have yet to see it. I just don't have enough words to describe the evil ingenious this author possess! I recommend this book even to those have seen the movie already.Loved the paperback and the book cover. It arrived on time.
I really wanted to read this before watching the movie and was SO glad that I did. I loved every second of this twisted story. Flynn does an amazing job of detailing each character. So much so, that watching the movie was almost painful as it didn't give that same attention to detail. I plan to read it again soon, now that I know all the angles, just to see if I missed anything!!
This book is fascinating and the plot is intriguing with it's twists and turns. I especially enjoyed the alternating chapters where by the two main characters tell their story of the events and share their perspectives and thoughts.  I didn't want to put the book down as it kept me wanting to know what comes next.  Not sure how it played out in the movie but the book was awesome.
Brilliant.  Intriguing.  Ms Flynn:  Please do a follow-up.  My usual fare is non-fiction.  Among the fiction I've read over the past decades, though, this is at least within the top 5, right below ""Crime and Punishment.""  Again, brilliant.  A few departures from suspension of disbelief, but very few.  It's going to be interesting to see how they ever could make a movie from this.
I loved it. We picked this book for our book club selection last month and my mind was blown by the plot twists. And I could not put this book down and was hooked from beginning to end. I will be reading other books by Gillian Flynn very soon. And the audible version was very good. I enjoyed the narration and you could feel the anger in Nick Dunne through the narration. LOVED IT.
Stop whatever you are doing and go buy, check out, or download this book right now. Everything you've heard about this book is true - absolutely phenomenal. Gillian Flynn doesn't save twists for the end (although the ending is The Twist To End All Twists), there are twists and turns all throughout this novel. Sharp, witty, funny, sad, mind-bending - I really couldn't put it down.
This book was not what I had expected from the title.  However, it turned out to be much more interesting than I had anticipated.  Call it a psycho-thriller.  Just when I think I had it figured out where it was going, the story took another twist.  I enjoyed the manner in which it was written -- part in diary form and part in first person narrative.  I highly recommend this book.
My sister recommended this as a great read.  She wasn't exaggerating.  This book is a winner.  The writing is flawless.  It's a slightly slow starter, but once you get going, this is a page turner.  It's been hailed by mid to high-brow readers and the only thing I cannot understand, is the low-star rating given by some of the reviewers.  This author is going to soar.  Excellent!
I really really enjoyed this book. I read some bad reviews that said the ending didn't live up to expectations. Because I wanted to get to the ending so fast but I had to be patient.The book is very very Interesting. The twist in the story was captivating. The writer is really good. The ending was even better so it makes me wonder what order reviewers were expecting.
Both my wife and I read this based on a recommendation by my daughter.  Neither of us could put it down once we started.  The story really draws you in.  We've already recommended to several friends to read.  If you're not familiar with narcissistic or sociopathic behavior, you might not fully come to terms with the ending, but there really are people like this out there! Scary.
wow! This book is CRAZY! Maybe not the book, I guess I mean the characters. I can't go into too much because I don't want to include spoilers. There are some insane twists in this book. This was the 1st I read of this author's and now I'm going to have to read her others. I liked the writing. The story was great. I recommend this book if you want it to mess with your mind a bit!
Loved this book.  Could not get enough of it.  I must admit as I got closer to the end, I was ready for the book to end  -- so many twists and turns. But you will be kept on the edge of your seat waiting to see where the author was going.  You feel like you know the characters; easily become wrapped up in them.  I highly recommend this book.  Now, I'm ready to go see the movie.
Without giving any spoilers I have to say this is a great read! The biggest issue I have read that people have with this book is the ending. I've got to say I initially did not like it either. However, when I thought about it it had a creepy twilight zone, psycho feel to it. If it were a movie I'd imagine the final scene with the camera zooming out and the psycho theme playing.
Could not put it down!  This is a great mystery with a lot of elements to keep the reader hooked.  As a grammar fanatic I loved the little comments by the wife about use of ""me"" and ""I"".  (Thank you Gilliam Flynn for trying to set people straight on that issue.) Believe the number of reviewers who said this is a great book.  If you like a cliff hangar then this book is for you.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book, although I found the ending slightly disappointing. I loved the way the author switched from the man's to the woman's voice in alternating chapters and how she used this device in the first half to alternate between the present (man's voice) and the past (woman's diary).She cleverly moved our sympathies from one to the other as the story progressed
You are a character in this book. The narrators need your approval. A truly remarkable achievement that I couldn't put down until I finished it. Don't let the reviews by people who hated the ending deter you. While I understand why they wanted it to end differently, that wouldn't have been honest to the characters. The ending was perfect if you understand the point of the book.
I really enjoyed reading this book.  The two main characters are both horrible people, but that's what makes the book so delicious and scandalous.  I loved how half way through the book I was sure I was reading a story based on Scott Peterson and then was knocked right outta my seat with a major change of pace.  I enjoyed this one so much I'm reading all of Flynn's other books.
I don,t usually read books by female authors but my wife talked me into this one. Hurrah!  A marvellous, intriguing read.At first I thought she was trying to write like a male, and of course she was,and as I progressed I understood why.Bravo Ms. Flynn.  I will be looking for more of your books & hope that her future efforts are on the same level.Thank you.Robert Bennett.
A strange tale of a 'strategic' relationship between two passive/aggressive people.  Boy, it'd be a TRIP married to the 'gone girl' in this novel.  But, in the end, she gets from her mate what she wants all along...whether he likes it or not!!  You'll get hooked very early in the book, and the unexpected 'twists' during the plot are unnerving and entertaining.  Read this book!
I picked this book up after a suggestion from my son.  I started reading this morning and could not put it down until I had finished it.  There were many times while reading where I thought, oh, I know where this is going. Then wham, off in another direction.  I never figured it out until the very end.  Great reading and would suggest it to anyone who likes a who done it story
A powerful novel that goes far beyond a thriller that keeps you wanting more. It is emotionally honest and intricate with tremendous insights of marriages in today's society. It is a masterfully constructed story that heightens the gender power struggle in our daily lives.  Many important questions are raised while taking the readers on a ever unpredictable ride of a thriller.
I loved the book because it takes you on a roller coaster of emotions and makes you reflect on your own personal failings. I would recommend the book for anyone 20 or older. It takes a lot of maturity to understand the nuances if this book. I gave it 5 stars because the book is organized really well, it keeps you very engaged and it adds a maniacal twist to the whodunit genre.
I enjoyed this modern day murder mystery novel a lot. The characters were engaging and real. The twists and turns throughout the plot were striking and captivating. I love the unreliable narrators. They made the novel for me. The idea of dissecting the words on the page in front you, not trusting them, not fully believing, was thrilling. I would highly recommend trying it out.
This was the first book I read by Gillian Flynn and I was intrigued. She had a great way of keeping me interested by the  twists and turns throughout.  I felt like I could actually get in the minds of these devious characters and the ending didn't let the reader down. I liked it so much that I purchased another book by her...will have to see if she does the same with this one!
This book was suggested at our last book club meeting and I decided to read it.  It didn't take me long to finish it as I couldn't put it down.  I don't normally like stories that go back and forth between two different characters, but this was different.  This gives psycho a whole new meaning.  Sometimes you have to wonder where an author comes up with the ideas.  Great book!
This is not the type of story I would usually read. My wife told me about a review she read about this book. So, not having a better idea for a read, I tried it. After a couple chapters I was hooked. It is written in an unusual way, I was not sure at first if I liked it, but as I kept reading I came to enjoy it. And the ending will leave you wanting more! Always a good sign...
I got this book based on the suggestion of a friend and read it in three days. Flynn's writing has a unique flavor and her descriptions are often not only apt, but hilariously so. The story of Nick & Amy was captivatingly disturbing & I found my self rooting-for and disgusted-by at various turns. A great read that will leave you wanting to read ""just one more chapter.
One of the best books I've read in the past 2+ years! Ms. Flynn unfolds the story and the background of the characters in a very unique way going back and forth in time, educating us on how Nick and Amy met, the issues they had (and there were plenty!) and how they got to be where they are today.  I have recommended this book to at least 10 friends and family members....enjoy!
Gillian Flynn paints a scary look at modern-day ralationships and makes desparate housewives look like a fairy tale.  The interaction between husband and wife is anything but normal and yet her descriptions seem to fit their personalities to a remarkable degree.  I was blown away by the ending and, quite frankly, did not see this one coming.  Definitely can recommend this one.
I couldn't put the book down. This guy Nick had me liking him, hating him, wishing he were dead. Amy, well you just have to read the book to judge for yourself how you feel about her.Great read with lots of twists and turns.I gave this book 5 stars only because you did feel every emotion associated with a good book.Looking forward to the next read Dark Places by Gillian Flynn.
Loved it!! Twists and turns you won't see coming!!
It was amazing how the main characters in Gone Girl pulled me right into their heads. It was hard at times to figure out who was sane and what direction the story was going. The murderer mystery I expected was turned on its head. Very engrossing. I plan to look for other highly rated books by this author.
I loved the book....it was suspenseful and so many twists and turn that once the book pulls you in you can not put it down.....I started reading it on my kindle in the morning and did not stop that day until I finished it around dinner time.  I even read as I cook dinner......Ending not what I expected.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone.....it is a great read.
I read this book a long time ago and now that it is coming out in movie form, I am eager to see it! I loved the book. The twists were something that I wasn't expecting (especially the ending, which honestly I didn't want to happen how it did. but whatever - I'm not the author...) A good read for changing up my typical romance novels. Keeps you thinking. Wondering. Blaming....
This wasn't a book that immediately grabbed me. It wasn't long, however, until I realized I'd never read a book like this one.  It took the most marvelous twists and turns, and was so good, I dreaded it's coming to an end.I usually enjoy Patterson, Cornwell, Hailey and authors of that ilk.I don't know into what genre Gone Girl fits, but it deserves one of its own.
Saw a friend reading this, she raved about it, said it was going to be a movie with Ben Affleck. Ordered the book, it came quickly, and was surpsised to see it was written in the multiple POV form. A little slow in the beginning, but it quickly hooked me. Best part was the mind blowing second half. I've sent several online copies to friends, that's how much I loved this book!
I really enjoyed reading this book, so much so that I immediately bought and downloaded her other 2 books.  I'm now reading her ""Dark Places"" and it's equally as good, and yet so different from ""Gone Girl"".  Looking forward to reading the other one, and hope she comes out with some more novels, as I'm definitely hooked, a real fan of Gillian Flynn's flare for story-telling!!!
I literally could not stop reading ""Gone Girl,"" and as much as I love to read, that does not happen very often. The description had given me pause, but the number and words in the reviews finally convinced me.  I think I was slack-jawed from the opening pages of the second part, after the first part set me up.  Well-crafted, twisted, stunning...  Thank you, Ms. Flynn!
While I won't write a lengthy review like most other commentators on here, I will say this: This book was excellent, fast-paced and smart. For those who are turned off by crime novels because you think they're cliche or poorly written, think again! Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer who can somehow make you love and hate a character (the villain, no less!) at the same time.
I'm a new mom and a nursing mom at that, so I have a lot of time on my hands these days to sit around and read. I got this book two days ago and I finished it this afternoon. It doesn't end as well as I would have liked it to, but It's still incredibly captive and I couldn't put it down. A definite must-read for someone who can handle explicit sexual speak, and 'curse' words.
This is a well-written, dark story that will keep your interest from beginning to end. The protagonists are so flawed that they are alnost unbelievable. I can understand why this book was on the NY Times best seller lists for months. You start out empathizing with the husband, but soon despise husband and wife equally. A good read for those who don't need hearts and flowers.
I chose to reread the book before I saw the movie. It's a well written book.....each word seems carefully chosen. I even learned a new word..oubliette...I LOVE learning new words. The writing is beautifully sparse, the plot thick, and Gillian has almost created a new genre! Do read it, either before or after you see the movie....you won't be sorry. Both are beautifully done.
Even with the language and explicit sexual encounters ,which I normally don't like at all,this novel kept my attention. wHen I had to stop reading for awhile,I was thinking about it. Twists and turns I did not see coming!  I liked the perspectives of both the husband and wife. Both believable in their discourses. what an ending. I did not see the movie,so I was carried along
Loved it. So different and leaves you really thinking about who you really are. Nick and Amy are so complex  and the more you read the more you get drawn into both their lives. The hard part is which life are they in at any given time. What are they seeking? Is it love, money, power or their strong egos.  You must read the book. I have read it twice and it still haunting me.
I read this book in just over 24 hours and had to fight to put it down to do some work in there somewhere. Completely enthralling. I was riveted by what seemed to be a normal, unravelling, dysfunctional relationship with two very relatable characters, and then totally blown away by the twists and turns that didn't stop coming. A brilliant story, written by a talented artist.
This was an intriguing story! Was slow to get into it. I really do not like books that skip back and forth from one person to another, but I am not sure how Gillian Flynn could have pulled off her overall plot without doing so. The ending is a total surprise. I read it for our neighborhood book club. The subject matter and character development made for fantastic discussion.
This is an amazing book. Great for escapism and people who like an intelligent, well-written mystery/thriller. The characters unusual and very smart which makes the story move along smoothly and quickly. The premise for this novel probes into our darkest thoughts and desires. In the end we wonder if we could pull something like this off? See for yourself...it's a great read.
This book was amazing. it captured my attention as soon as I started reading it. It kept me on my toes and I absolutely could NOT put it down. I read it in less than a week, just because of the sheer fact that I couldn't stop reading it. And anyone I recommended it to has done the same. You just want to see how it ends and after you get to the main twist, you will be in awe.
This is a real page turner.  The method of writing one chapter from the point of view of the husband and the next from the point of view of the missing wife really works for this story.  My empathy for one of the characters (not giving anything away here!) became so strong that I was just desperate for justice to be served.  I strongly recommend this psychological thriller.
One of the best books I've read in a while perfect for a vacation, long flight or beach read as it is thoroughly entertaining and you find that you can not put it down.  Suspenseful yet written which such a real modern voice that is completely relatable...it feels like you are reading about your friends.  Ending is a mindblower with which I am still trying to come to terms.
Nick and Amy begin as the perfect married couple. Five years later,not so much. Then suddenly Amy disappears under mysterious circumstances. The first half of this story moves along nicely dropping odd clues, but at about halfway into the book, a massive twist occurs that leaves the reader shocked! And then,dear reader you will not be able to put it down! The game is on!!!
Nearly every review I read complained about the ending, so much so that I didn't purchase this book for several months. I was drawn to the story, and am so glad I read this book! It was addictive, well written and the most insane Lifetime Movie plot I've ever heard.... and I loved every bit of it. The ending was perfect, don't let reviews deter you from giving it a chance.
I have read Sharp Objects, and read Gone Girl immediately after, and am now in the middle of Dark Places, all are superb books but Gone Girl is where I feel Gillian Flynn has finally done it perfectly, written the perfect book, Flynn's first two books i reccomend as well but was left blown away after I read Gone Girl, it was one of the best books I have read in my life....
Just when you think you know where this book is going...you don't. The characters draw you in as you pity, love, hate and scorn them. It is impossible to read this novel and not get drawn into taking sides. As you flip flop through the shambles of a marriage, the global financial crisis and mix this with a whole lot of crazy you get a book you will not be able to put down.
Gone Girl was one of the best books I've ever read.  Funny, nasty, poignant, and unpredictable, I couldn't put it down!  Though I can't say I ""liked"" the characters, I found them, their marriage and their story fascinating.  Enough twists to keep me guessing, enough pathos to keep me turning the pages.
Insane mystery. You switch back and forth between loving and hating different characters. One character is so completely insane that by the time you're done reading the book you will reflect on yourself and feel amazing because you are probably way more put-together and down to Earth than one of the characters. This book basically accidentally boosts your own self esteem.
Gillian Flynn has created a plot that you simply can't stop reading once you get going. Gone Girl is the story of a relationship that doesn't turn out to be what it seems, turning into new, darker corners when you least expect it. This story is one that will leave you shocked and wanting more; something that will truly turn you on to Flynn's writing if you hadn't already.
Gillian Flynn is an extremely clever writer. She keeps the readers' sympathy ricocheting from husband to wife, wife to husband in a riveting story about a couple whose relationship is falling apart . . . or is it? She has you wondering on whose side you're on until almost the very end. I dare not say any more because I would spoil the book for you. Brilliant. A must read.
This book was fun to read and I eagerly zipped through the myriad surprising plot twists. The author deftly exploits her readers' prejudices and assumptions about men, women, marriage... I know some people really don't like the ending, but I thought it was brilliant. A tightly crafted, disturbing thriller and perhaps a cautionary tale about marriage? I recommend this book
It IS a thriller, so readers will be expecting the twists and turns Ms. Flynn skillfully crafts into this tale. I found some of these plot turns a little hard to swallow but I think most readers will enjoy how the final act plays out. Plan to read in 4 or 5 hour sessions if you cannot finish the book in one go -- it will be easier to follow each character's state of mind.
Very intriguing and suspenseful story of two borderline psychotic geniuses who somehow find each other, get married and then set out to destroy each other. Keeps the reader's interest and keeps you sitting on the edge of your seat. I could not stop reading no matter where I was or who I was with, the book was in my bag and I read pages between conversations. Great work..
I SELECTED THIS RATING BECAUSE BECAUSE IT LURES ONE IN AND DOESN'T LET GO. IT'S FAST PACED AND SOPHISTICATED. EVEN THOUGH MOST PEOPLE ARE NOT THIS EXTREME SCARY THOUGHTS SOMETIMES SLITHER IN THEIR HEADS. I LIKED THE FORMAT/WITTY AND CREATIVE. YES I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS BOOK. THE WRITING IS ROUGH/RAW/JAGGED/THE WOUNDS NEVER HEAL AND THE DAMAGE NEVER GONE!!! xxxxgibsongirl
Thank you Gillian Flynn for writing such an engaging page-turner. I can't think of a better way to have avoided my to-do list for the weekend! I enjoyed the he-said she-said writing perspective as well as the now-what's-going-to-happen? plot twists. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good  psychological drama, that will especially resonate with married readers.
I am an avid reader and usually have several books going at once. But this was such a page-turner that I didn't read anything else until it was done. Its one of those great, crazy stories full of twists you never saw coming, and I read it compulsively until the end. A really suspenseful, engrossing novel that left me with my mouth hanging open more than once. Loved it!!
I became addicted to this story: reading it everywhere, every chance I could.  It is such a mystery, and the character of Amy is so evil, it's hard to even imagine her as being real.  the writing is very good and keeps you on the proverbial edge of your seat.  People who like mysteries will like this one.  I did not figure the ending out at all.  It. was quite stunning.
I read ""Gone Girl"" by Gillian Flynn because it was chosen as the January read for my book club. And, I loved it! The author created two characters and I can't say I ""liked"" either one of them but the story was so ""amazingly"" crafted that I was drawn into the plot and I could hardly wait to see how it all turned out. I highly recommend this novel.
This is a fascinating story about two people who on the surface are quite ordinary, though we learn that Amazing Amy is much more than just ordinary. Some might not like the ending, but I thought it was fitting and definitely made me think about all the permutations of character develop that could occur in another novel. I can't wait to read other novels by this author.
I didn't know what to expect but wound up loving this book.  During the Easter holidays, while having lots of house guests, I would wait for everyone to retire and then hide out in the bathroom reading a few more chapters.  I did not find the characters particularly likeable but the author has created a very cleverly thought out and unusual piece of work for we readers.
Another Gillian Flynn Book I could not put down. She has a way of making you think of every possibility and yet still manages to surprise!!!!!As sick as this may sound, there are certain authors, that I hope won't die before they write MANY more books (Stephen King for example).  I find myself looking forward to more from Gillian and thinking the same thing.
This is really one to read. As others have said, the end may be a bit disappointing, but the book is a really good read. The twists and turns are incredible. The main characters are both incredibly bad persons, but you get to first like one, then the other, then probably decide that none of them are any good at all. The writing is also excellent. Would highly recommend.
This is the first time I have read a work by Ms. Flynn but it will not be the last.  The story takes a number of unexpected twists and turns, filled clever banter.  I feel good that I will win the bet with my wife, who is reading it now, that she will not be able to figure out the ending in advance.
Best book I've read in a long time. The writing technique was different from what I'm use to seeing. The characters were complex yet loveable. Somehow this book made me look deeper into my own relationship with the fiance and it actually helped me understand a little of what goes on inside a man's head. Was't a fan of how the book ended but I get why it ended that way.
That was a mind-trip. Using the term like slang...I really enjoyed it. It held me from the beginning. Descriptively wrote. Full of suspense and I really thought he had done it . Amy is the most crazy disgusting brilliant character I've met in a long time. I absolutely hate that woman. And poor poor Nick.  Not something I usually read but I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
I loved the writer's style of going back and forth with a chapter written by Amy, and then a chapter written by Nick.  Also these chapters were dated, and in the beginning you had no idea the significance of this timeline, so it was interesting trying to figure out what was going on - and who was doing it.  Very well written book full of suspense and a few good twists!
I am not a native-speaker but I still can tell it is a great book. I like the way it tells the story, jumping between wife's angle and husband's angle. I've been married for 2 years, lots of sentences in the book resonates in my heart. It urges me to re-think my own marriage and gives me tips of being a better husband.Now, I am going to check out the movie.
Gone Girl is one of those books that makes you jump up and down while shouting, ""what just happened!"" And it never slows down.The story is fast paced, engrossing, and filled with an unbelievable amount of plot twists. I've recommend this book to more people than any other. If you enjoy suspenseful, psychological thriller mysteries, then Gone Girl is a must.
This book is insane. I love Gillian Flynn's other books and this one was no exception. Intense characters, crazy situations, so many unknowns and questions all along the way. Ms. Flynn is a master with words and mystery. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who loves a great mystery novel that feels more like a great piece of lit than just a paperback thriller.
Haunting the way she portrays the dramatic end to a marriage. I love the poetic way she pieces together sentences. I had to put the book down because it got so intense, but I had to see what happens. Its like a bird's eye view into the whole Laci Peterson case, which I found fascinating. I definitely recommend this to anyone who reads James Patterson or watches Dexter.
I love the style of the writing, very refreshing. It gets dip into relationship between couple, shows that it is not one dimensional and can get very complex. It is amazing how the writer was able to get into a head of a mal and female characters. I would probably prefer little different ending but this ending leaves room for interpretation, which was also refreshing.
I could not put this book down.  The movie was laughable compared to the book--so disappointing.  The book was so suspenseful and I love how each chapter rotated between the POV of the missing wife and POV of the husband.  It made you want to keep reading for sure.  Lots of twists and turns... wonderfully written and keeps your attention, which is usually hard for me!
The book is awesome! Follows the movie pretty well. She is a very detailed with her storytelling and really pulls you in. If you liked the movie and like her book I recomend to read the other two she has written. Very intense and gripping! I could not put them down I read the second in a week and moving onto the 3rd book. All I can say is I hope she writes more books!
I read this on the recommendation of a friend. And couldn't put it down after the first 50 pages. A fairly easy read, it has all the twists of a psychological thriller that keeps the reader engaged. One or two small details were unrealistic, think car registration, but otherwise plausible. The relationship between the two main characters is complex and well developed.
A very well-written, gripping thriller.  One of those novels that you will continue to think about long after you have finished reading, You end up not loving all of the characters (or any), and the ending isn't wrapped up with a nice bow on top, only makes this one of the most original stories I have ever read.  Definitely will be reading Gillian Flynn's other works.
I cannot imagine it could be any better than the book!  Ms. Flynn has delivered a suspenseful, masterful analysis of an evil  relationship, a wife vs. her husband. Through the telling of both spouses, one is pulled this way and that, only to realize in the end that the relationship resolves in a surprising, yet marching-on-to-inevitable way. A truly scary page-turner!
This was an extremely well written book. It kept me wanting to turn each page. I found the writer's style and choice to write each chapter from a the other character's point of view very interesting.  I loved this book and have already recommended this book to several friends and family members. The ending totally blew me away and I never saw it coming.  Great read!!!
Despite lots of so-so and negative reviews, I gave this book a try and I'm glad I did.  There were lots of twists and turns that I didn't see coming.  Some people have trashed the book for being unrealistic, especially the ending.  But who knows what goes on in the mind of a sociopath?  The entire story seemed plausible when you look at it that way.  I'd recommend it!
A record setting number of plot twist that will forever be a part of my Costa Rican Spring Break.  I enjoyed the depth of  character development, particularly the sociopathic  ""love to hate,  love to love her"" Amy.  I think Flynn's novel is the best book of the year because it does take the reader on a big emotional trip to a crazy place that is the heartland.
I'm skeptical of a lot of ""best new"" books, but I got a sample of this on my kindle and decided to keep going.  I am really glad I did!  Once  you hit about the halfway mark, your mind will be blown and you will not be able to put it down.  It inspired me to read her other two books as well, and I'm nearly done.  All really interesting, well written mysteries.
This book begins as any murder mystery, setting up the scene and then asking, ""who done it?""  However, it then begins a set of twists and turns that are completely unpredictable and compel you to keep turning pages.  I couldn't wait to finish the book to solve the mystery, yet when it was over I was left wanting more.  I can't wait to read more by this author.
When I first started this book, I did not really like it.  I wondered how it could be a best seller for so many weeks.  Then It took a twist and really got good.  Several chapters later, it got even better.  I have become a Gillian Flynn fan and plan to read her other books.  It will keep you guessing as it changes.  Plan to spend the day (or all night) with the book.
This book is the best I have read in a very lo h time! I love Ms.Flynn and have read all her book so far. I thought they were great until I read Gone Girl! I literally could not put it down and stayed up all night finishing it! Everyone should read this book. I am an avid mystery and crime reader and usually can predict the plot, but this time, I was shocked! Amazing!
couldn't put it down. THis book will keep you guessing from early on, but you will probably guess WRONG!The character studies are well done, the back and forth chapters a perfect technique here, and the plot twists and turns are so tight that you won't want the book to end--I didn't! A great read.
This is easily one of my favorite reads, and I have read thousands of books.The deep complexity Flynn works into these characters is absolutely beautiful, and it breathes life into the book.The plot line has plenty of twists and surprises, and is beautifully written.I have and will continue to re-read this and highly encourage others to do the same.
This book is brilliant! So many twists and shockers. I typically predict books/movies but not with this one! It kept me guessing and made me want to keep reading! I finished the book way too quickly because I couldn't stop reading. I will say the first couple chapters felt a little slow but now that I have finished it and seen the twists it was all totally necessary!
It was a slow start but once I got through the first few pages, I was totally hooked.  I rarely read this type of book, but with each chapter the plot took a different turn.  The end wasn't what I'd hoped for, but doesn't mean it wasn't well done.  Bought this on eBay for practically nothing and absolutely believe it was the cheapest entertainment I could have found.
This is the first book I've been able to finish in about a year.  Gillian Flynn did an amazing job writing from the different characters' perspectives.  I believed she was each one of them.  She seemed to really express the nuances of each narrator's character.  It's a smart book and I'd like to continue reading Flynn's books to see more of her character development.
I really enjoyed Gone Girl. The way the wife's character changed in the story was very interesting. I was not expecting the way the book ended. It  kept me engaged in the book throughout the entire story. I would recommend this book to people who like to read about suspense. After reading the book I watched the movie to compare. I liked the movie as well as the book.
Outstanding read. (hope the movie is half as thrilling as the book) In my experience, most books don't do well as a movie. Stephen King is a prime example of a good read turning into a disappointing  movie. Gillian Flynn writing style is twisted with a very believable story line. In fact, I felt as though I was reading a true story. As far as the ending...no comment.
I loved this book because not only was an action-packed, twisting and turning plot, but it had a lot of ""truths"" in it - my favorite being Amy's passage about ""cool girls"" - the idea that the kind of women men love (and thus other women want to be) are faking it. Nick and Amy's male and female points of views really made me stop and think.... 5 stars!
I found ""Gone Girl"" by Gillian Flynn to be an extremely clever novel. Throughout the book, she takes you on twists and turns that keep you second guessing your assumptions the entire way! While I did not find any of the characters in the book to be likable, in fact, each one had series character flaws, and no visible moral fibers, it still made for very good reading.
I could not put this book down! It really makes you think about what people are capable of! I highly recommend this book. Very well written. The end of almost every chapter is like a cliffhanger which makes you want to keep reading on and on until the very end. I wish the book would have ended differently but not every story can have the ending we all want or expect!
This book literally kept me up all night.  Couldn't put it down.  My only problem lately with some of the better known authors:  The story line keeps you turning the pages, but I feel the author just doesn't know how to end the book.  I don't mean it's a ""cliff hanger"" but for some reason the ending seems too contrived.  I was just disappointed in the ending.
This book was great it kept you guessing even when you thought you knew what was going to happen next! The only drawback to this book is that the ending was such a disappointment and so abrupt! I would have liked for this book to keep on going but the ending left me with so many questions. I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a good book to read.
At first I wasn't sure how the book got to the best seller list. Must be a reason. I kept reading and before I knew it, I was hooked! It's a great read that draws you into the different personalities with understanding and shock mixed in. Scary to think that their are people out there that are manipulative enough that it could actually happen. This author is great!!
This was a really great ""edge-of-your-seat"" book.  If they haven't made a movie from it yet, it's probably just a matter of time.Fast paced,  entertaining and the ending leaves you scratching your head for quite some time. I read it in one day on the plane home between London and Houston. Admittedly, it was a long day, but I didn't want to put it down.
I understand why many readers are unhappy with the end.  And it could have been different, or better.  But I still give Ms. Flynn five stars as she writes the kind of novels I like.  They are driven by plot and character, and they tell the story without adding lots of description and unnecessary detail.  And the plot WAS interesting throughout with excellent pacing.
What a suspenseful book. The first few chapters took me a little to get into but once I started reading, I couldn't put it down. My first impressions changed quickly and I couldn't believe what was happening next. The last page of the book had one of my favorite few lines that I still go back to read. If you haven't read this yet, you need to make it your next read!
It is no wonder this one made it as a best seller. Flynn masterfully pieces together the fascinating world of a man and wife and the unique circumstances they create for themselves. The female antag is a one-of-a-kind in many ways, and genuinely relatable in others. You will not be able to guess how this story ends. But even more than that, you won't want it to end.
Gone Girl"" is definitely one of my favorite books. It did take a couple of chapters to get into it, but once I was in, I was stuck! I couldn't put it down. The writing was fantastic and the plot was exciting! I have reccommended it to so many people. If you want a good read, pick it up. It doesn't matter what kind of person you are (male or female), all will enjoy.
This is a missing person story.  At least at first; husband comes home to find signs of a struggle and his wife, Amy, missing.  That is all I'm going to say about plot line so I don't give anything away.  The characters are so believable and well fleshed out you really care about what happens.  Did the husband kill his wife?  Was she kidnapped?  Just read this book!
What a great book! There are many plot twists and I couldn't put it down. I'm not one for suspense novels but this one was great! I'm a big baby and it didn't make me scared to go to sleep at night— it's not that type of suspense.I look forward to reading more of Flynn's novels.... if I can find another one that won't make me be fearful to be home alone!
I took me awhile to get to this book. But true to form - there's a time for every book, and when the time for this one came, I only wished it had been sooner.Gillian Flynn is a damned genius. She's only written three books but they're all fabulous.I hate the next eight words but:I don't want to ruin it for you.Read it.
A great read. If you love a riveting thriller/mystery and superb storytelling---here we are. At last. All the elements are in 4th gear and or overdrive. I read the entire novel flying across country and by the time I landed in NYC I was depressed that the flight and novel had ended. This is the book to read if you have a quiet weekend planned or are going on a trip.
This book was amazing. It took a little time to figure out how the story was being told but once i got the hang of the narrative it took off. It took so many twists and turns and you first think one person is the ""bad guy"" and then it seems the other one is and it just was amazing. It was written wonderfully and the characters were developed very well. A great read!
Amazing how catching is this book, from the very beginning and, above all, how surprising the crazy change of the narrative in the middle. The novel is a surprise itself and, the most interesting thing is how a female write develops so well the male character. The movie is, as always, not that goof but it's not a fiasco. It's worth watching it right after the book.
This story was amazingly crazy. It took you all over the place. One moment you felt emotions for the male character, then it was all about how sad things were for his wife. All in all she was so twisted and destructive, yet in his own way so was he that in the end they deserved each other. It took some incredible thinking on her part to pull off the things she did.
It's been awhile since I read this book, but it certainly kept my attention.  I've read all three of Flynn's books and enjoyed them all.  This one is somewhat different from the other two, especially the ending.  I know many people didn't like the ending, but I thought it fit everything else.  After all, not everything in life ends satisfactorily.  Worth your time.
This is not a book I would be drawn to ordinarily, bu I highly recommend it to everyone.  A psychological rape of your brain.  You think you know the outcome but you don't.  I do not like the characters but their actions are true in many marriages,  just not to the extremes the  writer has created.  I did actually admire the manipulations that Amy pulled off.  Wow.
From the get go you're hooked. Twist after twist, you never know - is it Nick, Amy or what the BLANK is actually going on. For anyone with anyone you read on and say ""Naaa, this isn't all what it's like then you say.. Well maybe kinda."" There's plenty of plot and subplots for all, and more than enough creepsters to go around. Mom and Dad - they're the best!
I am an avid reader and have been wanting to read this book for a long time. I wasn't disappointed! The twists and turns didn't let up for a minute and the gripping suspense lasted for almost the entire book. It was extremely well written and I highly recommend it. As much as I wanted to find out what happens, I didn't want it to end - a sign of a really good book.
This was a real page turner. It was one of those rare books which i couldn't put down and at the same time, i didn't want it to end and so I'd force myself to slow down and pause every now and then. My only criticism was the ending. I didnt like it at all. It didnt make sense after everything that had happened for the story to end like Gillian Flyn chose to end it!
I had seen the movie and felt there were things missing.  A very different story as to two people who are married to one another.  I enjoyed the story of the brother and sister as twins and how they needed to believe in one another.  I like the way the book was written with wifes story and then the husbands point of view.  Good exciting read.  Couldnt put it down.
This book took me for a roller-coaster ride. Boy, oh, boy! Loved the story style, and how each narrative wraps you up to the point that you can empathize even with the worst of characters, and then you find a whole different vantage point altogether. A whole lot of big egos and narcissism, an explosive he-said/she-said story, cannot ask for more in a book, really.
I bought this book for my daughter because Hoda on the today show said she  loved it. I'm more of a Emily Giffin, Kristen Hannah fan but my daughter said it was too confusing so I gave it to my other daughter who also gave it back she said she reads mostly how to better yourself books so I read it and loved it!! Now both my daughters can't wait to read it!!!!!!!!!
In a good way. I read the book in three sittings. I can't wait to see the movie.  I gave it 5 stars despite the fact I didn't want it to end like it did. Flynn is a great writer with unique descriptions and great tongue in cheek phrases. Great presentation - his and her chapters. Lots of twists and turns. My favorite kind of book.I will read more of her books.
Could not put down this guilty pleasure! Lost much needed sleep due to same, and now it is my daughter's turn.  The plot is carefully crafted, and I appreciated the author's sly commentary on the ways men and women try to appear to each other in the initial stages of courtship and how they later attempt to reconcile those images with the stark reality of intimacy.
This book was recommended to me (and the other 2 by same author) and they didn't disappoint!  I loved the characters, the suspense, the choice of author's vocabulary - all very intense.  Looooooved it!  Just be careful not to Google or talk about this book too much if you are going to read it - the haters of the world will try to spoil the yummy surprises for you!
A riveting book full of twists and turns. What starts as a normal relationship between a man and woman turns into an epic battle of psyche. You never quite know whose story to believe then when you take sides in the story, you can't believe that there are still deeper twists to this unending war!  No wonder it has been made into a move - I can't wait to watch it!
I found it a little slow starting.  And, though Amy's plot was brilliantly designed, her ""return"" seemed hurriedly written, and thus had many holes.I mainly read it because I refused to pay to see the movie starring that idiot Lib-Prog anti-American anti-gun muzzie-lover: Ben Affleck.  Although he probably played Nick-the-narcissist very well.
A few reviews / readers did not like the ending, for me the ending was great.  Wouldn't change a thing. It did make me think that there are people that live their lives this way. Or the author researched such people.It is a dark read...no doubt about it, but I loved the unique writing style of this author.I will check out her other titles.
I initially read a friend's copy of the book, but then bought more copies to give as Christmas presents.  I rarely recommend books to others, but I have not only told other people about this book, but given it to them.  It is very well written and in a style that keeps you turning the pages as the layers of the onion unfold.  I can't wait to read her other books!
I absolutely loved this book. From start to finish I could not put it down. Gillian Flynn paints a haunting picture of the complexities of relationships and the demons that lie within all of us. Flynn creates characters that reflect traits inherent to all of us and it can be scary how close to real life this can be. Full of twists and turns, this is a great book.
I often resist trendy stuff because I don't want to feel like a mindless lemming following the crowd. But when I was on bed rest, looking for things to read my friends kept urging me to give it a try. Wow, I am so glad I did. It was not a predictable book where you have it all figured out a few chapters in. I would not hesitate to recommend it to others to read.
I have read all three of her books and the are all very good.  She keeps the reader wanting to know more about the numerous characters and their journey through their adventures and misadventures.  She one of those authors, that compels you to keep going through the book without putting it down.  Can't wait until her next one comes out.  Thank you Gillian Flynn.
What makes this book so good is the structure of the story. The chapters are organized in a he said/she said structure with each offering a very different perspective on the situation. Some of the story is predictable but there are enough twists to make it compelling. One gets invested in the characters from the start and I often found myself shifting elegances.
Very exciting book to read. A real page turner that keeps you guessing the whole time. I wondered about how it would end the whole time I read it. The ending was a a bit disturbing but in hindsight I am not sure any ending would have been a satisfying one. A must read and do it before you see the movie so you can see if the film captures the essence of the book.
This is one of those books that you don't want to put down.  It is written very cleverly from his viewpoint, her viewpoint, chapter by chapter.  It is a mystery, so you're really not sure who is telling the truth and what the outcome will be.  I enjoyed this thoroughly and am going to purchase the author's previous 2 books which I understand are equally as good.
Hhnhh bc f  f g fz g  h g g  D f g b a h c h f j
All I am left with is the lingering though, ""wtf""?  Up until the mast paragraph, the book is amazing!  Extremely well written, will keep you guessing, and more than likely, have you questioning your own sanity at one point or another.  The last paragraph?  That will make you want to throw your book, your kindle, you iPad, whatever, against a brick wall!
The writing, the plot lines and the twists all contributed to a wonderful reading experience.  I thoroughly enjoyed the book and couldn't wait to see how the story unfolds.  Gillian Flynn did an excellent job in character development and building up to an unexpected ending, and leaves you breathless about relationships and our potential frailties and strengths.
It's funny, I went back and forward liking him, not liking her.  Then liking her and then not liking him.  I also knew she was alive and jerking him around.  When I though they were not going to get back together I was mad and sad.  I wasn't even sad for the guy she killed.  I wonder what this says about me?  Boy and girl together at any cost.  My happy ending.
I play audio books in the car, and I found myself inventing errands and taking the long way arouond so I could listen to this book.  My daughter is now listening to it.  Her family has gone to DisneyWorld for spring vacation, and before they left she was bemoaning the fact that she has to go a whole week without finding out what happens next.  Highly recommend.
Excellent!  As always, I try to read a book before I see the film treatment. Although I'm a bit late for both, I'm glad I didn't deviate from my pattern. Even if one were to figure out ""whodunit"", they'd never figure out the why.  My mind was totally blown!!  Based on the excerpts of her other two books, Gillian Flynn may become my new favorite author.
A very great book but like the popular opinion, I am so disappointed by the end! I feel like the author got tired of writing and said ""The End"". But the suspense was maddening!!! Very great lead up to a bad ending. But because I am feeling generous, I gave it a 5 stars because it kept me from accomplishing household duties since I couldn't put it down.
The writing, and observation on human nature, can be breathtaking.  I had a hard time getting into the book, because  I found the characters so unappealing, but then, that is the point.  One can't really discuss the book without giving away secrets of the ever changing plot line.  All in all, it was a very good read, and it drew me in.  A very disturbing book.
I now understand why this book has been on the best seller list all these weeks.  It is completely compelling, you have to keep reading. ""Gone Girl"" is a story that if you love books that keep you riveted and a little bit scared, this is for you.  I'm now going to order the other two books and if they are only half as good, I will still love them.  Mary Coates
This book was a lightning fast read and very refreshing; definitely not your typical ""woe is me, my wife is missing"" type novel.  I was instantly engrossed and my inner detective was hard at work, trying to figure out what was going on before it was revealed to the reader.  Be prepared for twists, turns, and love/hate relationships with the characters.
This is a an excellent book from the start. Your personal like drifts from Nick, Amy, Nick, etc. as you turn every page. With every chapter you discover something you never thought of before. I praise Gillian Flynn for creating a book not like all murder cliches. It does have some foul, very sexual language. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good mystery!!
Loved this book! The writing really hooked me and I flew through the entire thing in just a few sittings. There weren't any lulls where I felt I just had to stick with it – a great read from start to finish. This is definitely my favorite of Flynn's so far (I've also read Sharp Objects and Dark Places). Yet another case of 'the book is better than the movie'.
Best book I have read for a long long time. Actually listened to the wonderful audio version into the small hours of the night.  However,  the ending was not as I hoped it would be!!  Was anticipating a completely different outcome. Now I can watch the movie as I always like to read books first. I will be looking for another good read from Gillian Flynn next.
Most books take you down paths where you coast for a while, then they get interesting, then it's back to coasting. And that's fine, one doesn't expect to be enthralled constantly. But this book never loses it's tension, it is ongoing from the first page. There are several totally unexpected turns, and it makes it all that more interesting. A really good book.
One of the best 'plots' ever, twists and turns mystery..........a total page turner once you get in to it.  I had not seen the movie, which I heard was quite graphic, not so much in the book.  A very good writer and I liked how it went back and forth, his view, her view, etc.  VERY interesting (& somewhat sick) characters.  You won't be sorry you bought this.
All I can say if FREAKIN AMAZING !!!! I never, until the end, guessed anything that I thought should happen. It takes a truly brilliant mind to deliver and make someone actually believe that there could ever be a couple like Amy & Nick. Now that I believe it, it scares the he'll out of me..........I can't wait to see the movie now !!!!!  Bravo Gillian. Bravo.
It is definitely one of the most well written novels I've ever read. I laughed out loud and had many moments where I had to pause and really take in the brilliance of what I had just read. It was through reading Gone Girl that led me to read Gillian Flynn's other works, Dark Places and Sharp Objects, which are just as amazing as this one. Truly a page turner!
this is a wonderful book...it instantly hooks you and I can understand why it was a best seller for such a long time.  Well plotted and very suspenseful.  a real page-turner.  If you start it, either plan on staying home from work or at the very least you will be reading into the wee hours......I loved it and am going to read Gillian Flynn's other novels now!
Gone girl was a little slow starting but about 175 - 200 pages in, it really takes some twists and turns.  Once you are sucked in and cannot put it down, it only takes you on a roller coaster of more twists and turns and leaves you not being able to guess what will happen next.  The ending is something I never saw coming.I would recommend reading.
One lives through both Amy and Nick in this story of love, undone. My mind was wondering where the plot twist would appear and to my delight I did not see such sparkle coming. In getting ""lost"" in the first 100 pages I was apt to put down the book, but something kept calling me back to it  I guess we all haves bit of Amy and Nick inside us, after all.
I absolutely loved this book. This was one of the most unique and unpredictable thrillers I've read; there were quite a few points in the book when I was completely taken by surprise, not having seen a plot twist coming, down to the very last chapter. This book had me captivated from beginning to end, and will surely remain in my list of top books ever read!
It took me a while to read this book, I mean the movie is out now.  The story of Nick and Amy's battle with each other is masterfully told.  I quite honestly could not put this one down and that's a rarity.  The mechanizations that Amy goes through to frame Nick are simply amazing.  If you are a foot dragger as I have been, do yourself a favor and read this.
I had heard everyone talking about this book and the movie so I finally downloaded the book. When I first started reading I had a hard time getting into it and wondered why there was so much hype , but I continued to plug along a little at a time and then BAM!  It had me! Strange book that kept me turning pages as fast as I could the closer I got to the end.
This was my first book by Gillian Flynn after seeing it in so many top selling lists and recommended reads, I decided to give it a go.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, the way it was written alternating between the two characters, and all the twists along the way.  A very enjoyable and hard to put down book.  I will definately be reading more of this authors books.
Read the book, as usual, it's much better than the movie. All of Gillian Flynn's books are very good. As you're reading the book, you think you know who killed Amy, then you question yourself, then you hate Amy, then Nick, then you don't know what to believe until finally you decide they're both insane. The question I had at the end was ""what now?"".
I really enjoyed this book. I usually read science fiction/paranormal and romance. This was something different for me but I'm glad I took a chance on it. I would read the different characters point if view and find myself starting to like them and every single time...I had the rug pulled out from under me! Great book with a surprise twist, give it a shot😉
This book was a real page-turner.  I'd read it in the shower if it wouldn't break my Kindle!  (Waterproof Kindle! Get on that Amazon)  Without giving much away, the narrative sucks you right in twisting the readers minds as easily as the characters blaming Mr. Dunne.  Definitely recommend even though some people didn't really like the ending...I felt it was
When I found out a major part of the movie based on this book was going to be  filmed in my town I had to read it.  It was hard to put down.  The twists and turns keep you wanting more.  Ms. Flynn shares the fine line between love and hate and empathy vs apathy in a relationship.  I could identify with both of the main characters.  Can't wait for the movie!
Gone Girl"" is a novel that grabs your attention from the first word and keeps it until the last.  It is suspenseful, twisted, crazy, and amazing!  Gillian Flynn gets inside the heads of everyone who has ever had thoughts of revenge that take one to a very dark place.  She explores the mind of a psychopath almost a little too well! ;-)  Great read!!
I was specifically looking for a ""book club"" book so I did some online research and Gone Girl kept coming up. I took a punt...and was not disappointed! A very contemporary dramatic thriller, Gone Girl ticks a lot of boxes for me. The two main flawed characters draw you in. Does contain swearing though, just saying, in case anyone is easily offended.
I'm Japanese. I was fascinated to read 'GONE GIRL' every day in the commuter train for 3 weeks in Tokyo. Though there were also places I don't understand with my poor English skill, I was overwhelmed by the dram of this married life. Well as a psychological thriller that depicts the duality of people, the depiction of mass manipulation is very contemporary.
I couldn't put this down (technically) once I got into it. Related to the characters and loved the style of writing. The back and forth between each psyche and the twists kept me enthralled. Reading his point of view and then her diary entries was thrilling, and once you get past the half way point you are blown away. The ending left me disturbed. Loved it.
I have never read Gillian Flynn, and don't have a lot of interest in the mystery or psychological thriller genre, so when I first heard about this book, I didn't think it was for me. But after 3 different people mentioned it to me in a week - each with very different reading tastes - I decided I should give it a try, and I was glad. It was hard to put down, and kept me guessing throughout. I did anticipate some of the plot developments, but never was positive before they occurred, so it was far from predictable. I found myself wondering what was going to happen next each time I couldn't read for a few hours, so that's the sure sign of an engaging read. I don't want to say too much re: the plot because this is definitely a book you will best enjoy knowing little going in, but thematically it really plays with themes of marriage, whether you can really ever know someone, and the relationship between the media and reality in our modern lives. It's not heady though - this is a page-turner as I said - so these themes are covered through the story, not navel-gazing.As for complaints in negative reviews, it's true the main characters - Nick and Amy, a married couple - each have many unlikable traits, but they are also very intriguing (boring would be the worst quality in a main character I think, not dislikability.) And I think complaints about the ending are overly cranky - I read several 1-star reviews where the reviewer says he/she loved the book until the end. Why rate it a 1 -star if you liked 90% of it? Reading a book is a journey, and if you like most of the journey, you like most of the book!! There were only a handful of ways this could have ended, and in many ways, this was the most surprising, so I think it was a fine choice (although I also wondered how else I might have ended it, but I consider that kind of wondering the sign of an engaging book, not a failure.)So I think it's worthy of the hype. Give it a try!
Talk about spinning an often-mundane occurrence, the wife goes missing, the darling, and benevolent woman who is kind and loved by all.  The husband becomes the prime suspect or the more nuanced term: person of interest.Gillian Flynn grabs this subject by choosing the fifth wedding anniversary of Amy Dunne and Nick Dunne.  Their married life apparently began in the ideal situation of an educated couple with good jobs frantically in love with each other.The reader is not sure what initially destroys their idyllic lifestyle.  Was it the economy?  Nick loses his job as a writer, which is Flynn's timely commentary on the loss of print journalism.  Amy loses her job of a personality quiz composer, but she has money because her parents are the authors of a previously popular series, entitled Amazing Amy.And Amy is amazing.  She shocks the reader with her diary, her plotting, skills and intellect.  Nick is more laid back and internalizes his feelings.  Now this is the best part: they are both very smart.  Flynn has no intention of insulting the reader with predictable and unintelligent characters.  She takes us inside the mind of Amy and on the periphery of Nick's as she dissects their pasts and places them in corrosive relationships.Flynn does not play favorites.  Nick and Amy both struggle; she is an equal opportunity writer when doling out mercy and punishment. The reader is shuttled back and forth into this marriage where the wife has crafted herself into the ""cool girl.""  Nick, on the other hand, apparently is floating; her removes Amy (and some of her money) from New York and sets up The Bar with his twin sister, Margo, aka ""Go."" Isn't Amy the most generous wife, stripping what's left of her trust fund to make Nick happy?This is a first-class thriller that kept me guessing.  I moved quickly from page to page, section to section, confident that Flynn respected the reader's intelligence.  I found all the characters fascinating, Rand and Marybeth, Amy's parents, Nick's demented father, Go and the police.  What a group.  The ending did not satisfy me, but it made sense not to conclude with a mollification of marriage.  I highly recommend this book.  Observing the ramifications of irrational self-serving individuals in a demoralized economy with Flynn's superior insight is special.
I absolutely love Gillian Flynn's style of writing.  It is very descriptive and clever, and she does a nice job of combining creepy plotlines with dark humor.  ""Sharp Objects"" was a flawed but promising debut novel.  But she really stepped up her game with ""Dark Places"", which was fantastic.  Now Flynn is releasing her third novel, ""Gone Girl"", and I'm happy to say it is as great as I had hoped.It's difficult to describe the plot without revealing spoilers, so here is a general non-spoiler summary:  Nick and Amy Dunne are a typical young professional couple in New York City.  Nick is a laid-back Midwestern guy who moved to the East Coast for his magazine career.  Amy is a born-and-bred Manhattan trust fund baby.  They are a fun and vibrant couple, and described in the book as extremely attractive.However, circumstances lead them to move back to Nick's small hometown (small town living is a common theme in all of Flynn's books).  Amy feels like a fish out of water, but does the best she can.  She isn't that happy, and their marriage is faltering.  And on the morning of their fifth anniversary, Amy disappears.  The remainder of the book describes the search for Amy and the investigation into who was involved in her disappearance.  You'll love this book if you're into watching those true crime mysteries featured on ""Dateline NBC"" and ""48 Hours"".The book is written in the first-person view, from both the husband and wife's vantage point.  Flynn has fun with this as she gets to be inside the head of both characters.  The beginning portion of the novel was a great insight into a courtship and marriage- she does an excellent job of describing the highs and lows of a relationship.  Despite being a missing person mystery, the book contains quite a bit of dark humor that will have you smiling.The plot moves slowly at times- don't expect a fast-paced thriller with plot twists at the end of every chapter.  But I would still consider this a page-turner and I was very eager to finish it and find out what really happened to Amy.  This novel is both haunting and entertaining.
This was the best who done it ever!  So many twists.  Took a lot of thought and research to write it.  Left ROOM for a sequel.  Started the book and saw the movie before I finished it and it didn't ruin the book at all!  I recommend this book to those who love thrillers.Hard to put down.  The movie was great too.  Had to close my eyes only twice.  Enjoy!!!
Very suspensful .... The writing style of Gillian Flynn is such that its a 'quick' read - not overly wordy ..... I bought it to read before the movie comes out & intended to read it while vacationing but unfortunately misplaced it while only 100 pages in -- in the airport in Barcelona ... my bad!! Was able to borrow a copy from a friend to finish the book.
It was easy to see why this novel has been a long-term #1 best-seller and is still high up on most lists. It is fast-paced, suspenseful and fairly intelligently written.I found neither of the main characters to be very likable and the story does require some suspension of disbelief but on the whole it was quite an enjoyable read...a great beach read.
I almost didn't finish this book. Contrary to most of the other reviewers, I thought it started rather slow, polished, perfectionist writing, but we 'we seen that before. I am glad I didn't quit. Ms.Flynn's writing is multidimensional, carefully layered, thought out perfection, the acknowledgements chapter was as interesting for me as the novel. Good work!
The plot was stated early enough in the book to understand the story.  The characters were well defined with a bit of character.I hesitated in reading it because I was afraid it would make me feel afraid or sad.  It was entertaining and not over the top.I enjoyed it very much and recommend it for any book club as well as for individual reading.
The writing was superb, although the book really didn't pull me in until I was halfway done. After a major plot twist I couldn't stop reading. I am definitely expecting a sequel or continuation of the story but if there's not one the book ended the best way it could. Skill level of writing was the best. Definitely not a book that can be figured out easily.
Gone Girl grabbed me from the very beginning of the book! It was a terrifying novel with all of the twists and turns. It is not often that I can say that I loved a book and absolutely hated and was horrified by the two main characters!I know that several people have not liked the ending but I have no complaints and really enjoyed this thriller!
I enjoyed the fast pace quirkiness. Even though the story presents a nightmare scenario of a marriage/relationship gone wrong, I think most of us can identify with the possible realities. Oh no that would never be me. Well maybe? Mmmm... I don't think I'll ever be fooled/used like that. What a great, scary, over the top, plot turning, page turning, story!
The novel was an easy, breezy read that kept me flipping pages throughout the night. I appreciated the anticipation of the unclear finish and the twists the novel finally took. While the ending left me in utter shock, it also left me feeling without closure. I am curious to see how this story will play out/be depicted on the big screen. Highly recommended
I couldn't stop reading this book and want to read it over and over again in a continuous loop- like it's my new favorite song. I don't think I've ever had such a change in emotions over characters before. I loved them, hated them, felt sorry for them, I could never decide. They were continually changing and evolving.  Probably my favorite book this year.
This book kept me reading. Every chapter it went back and forth between husband and wife perspective which made it very intriguing. This is a semi-spoiler, but... don't believe everything the narrators say (or don't say)! It's really interesting to see how the characters (or your perspective of the characters) changes as the book progresses. Awesome read.
Great book. Well written and great plot twists.
What a great book can't wait to see the movie!!
Very interesting but I  didn't like the ending.
I love nothing more than a book that sucks me in from the first paragraph, and leaves me aching for more after the last. Gillian Flynn's writing style is intense, gripping, intelligent and darkly humorous. I often look at couples and think ""those two people are together because they are both completely crazy."" Gone Girl takes that to a whole other level.
Just loved it! Could not put it down.....had to keep on reading until the end.I really like this author....i hate books that bore you and you continue reading only because you want to get to the end of the book (if I start a book I have to read it until the end..even if I don't like it).Who likes mystery and thriller books should enjoy it....
Took me a while to get into the story, the back & forth, but once I caught on to it, it was a great book.  I wasn't really expecting the ending it had, but that's probably because I'd already picked a favorite character of the two main ones.  I think there were a few loose ends that could've been tied up a little better, but overall it was a great read.
-If you want a boring, cookie-cutter ending to a book....if you need everything wrapped in a neat, little bow...this book isn't for you.  It is smart, fast paced, cringe-inducing, honest and deeply disturbed. The characters in turn break your heart and make you despise them and nothing is black and white. But you will think about it long after.  Amazing
This novel was ""on the edge of your seat"" good.  This is a type of story where you simply cannot put it down.  The writing is fantastic and there are twists and turns from the beginning to the end.  The character development was phenomenal and I am now a huge fan of Flynn's work. If you want a thriller with a humourous vibe, this is a must read.
Well crafted, quirky thriller which draws you in. The unusual, slightly uncomfortable style of this thriller really drew me in, and I found myself unable to put this book down till I had finished it. Flynn's rather masculine style of narrative works well and keeps you involved and intrigued. A  rollicking good read for the holidays. Highly recommended.
This book kept me enthralled the entire time I read it. I'm usually the one to guess what's around the next turn, but with Gone Girl, I could do no such thing! I was so excited to see what was going to happen next with each turn of the page (or in this case, each swipe of my finger). Great read, though I could have done with a more ""satisfying"" ending.
Truly some of the best writing I've enjoyed in the last couple of decades.  Few times am I surprised by twists and turns..insights, and humor in books, movies, shows - yet this was a delightful surprise, and I'm ready to read it, yet again.  Right NOW! I can't imagine how this will translate on film, but I know I'm excited.  Alright, I'm going back IN.
Amy's mind worked in a scary but brilliant manner. I wasn't sure who did what, because she had covered her tracks so well. However, the ended was just mind boggling. There is no justice or consequences for this woman, and that is frightening.Would I recommend this book, Yes! It is worthy of reading, but I doubt it will be one that I would reread.
This is perhaps one of the best books I have ever read. The author is extremely talented. She has a way with words, but more importantly, she has a very creative mind. Her ability to keep the reader guessing at all times is astounding. I have read one of her previous books, too, and this one was even better - the author has certainly grown as a writer.
This was one of those compelling novels I didn't want to put down.  On first sitting I read nearly a quarter of the book.  I loved the points of view narrative structure between the husband and wife giving an effective character development while the story unfolds.  There was no way to predict what would happen next and I read this book in record time.
Gone Girl was wickedly good and the writing format was refreshingly clever.  If there were a word for MORE than a page turner, I would use it here.  I just wanted to gobble this book up.  I couldn't read it fast enough.  This author has an amazing imagination and way more than her share of creative talent and excellent writing skills.  I just loved it.
I greatly enjoyed reading this book while simultaneously being glad that I'm not married to the author!  Seems to me that the controversial ending is quite open-ended, as I can ""read"" the ending with different interpretations depending on my mood at the time.  I suspect that Alfred Hitchcock would have loved this book.  Could Hitch and I both be wrong?
I loved this book so much I went and bought other books by Gillian Flynn! It is a riveting story, that changes your mind about the people within it as you read. These characters are so real I found myself wanting to hold themand help coach them through the entire book. I could not put it down and I am currently trying to get everyone I know to read it!
I loved this book. I am considering it the best book I've ever read (I'm wondering if I love it so much because I read it in the Dominican on honeymoon)... either way, loved it. Would call it a must read.You will both love and hate every character at different times during the book and the ending does leave you ""spinning"" for a bit.
I absolutely loved it. The suspense of the plot was terrific. I'm an author and I know the fantastic feeling when you finish a chapter and you know it's going to drive the reader crazy. Gillian must of had that feeling after each chapter. I'm going to order more of her books. I've been looking for a writer that can hold me spellbound, and Gillian did.
I was pleasantly surprised by this book! I read it in about three days. Which meant I didn't sleep as much as I should have. :) I immediately went to the theater to watch the film to compare. I was happy to see Flynn also wrote the screenplay, so it was the same story. Obviously not everything can translate into a film adaption. I was happy with both!
This book has so many twists and turns I was literally dizzy at times! My opinion of the two main characters changed from one page to the next. It was truly diabolical. I tried doing other things but kept coming back time and time again. It felt like an addiction I couldn't control. As sick as the two main characters were, I hated to see the book end.
I had been told I needed to read the book prior to seeing the movie. Well I did, and it was a complete mind f*#k!!! I found I couldn't put it down, despite telling myself one more paragraph. I just hope the movie lives up to the book!! I would definitely recommend this book to everyone. The writing actually makes you feel like you're there looking in.
This is a reminder of the complexities of human relationships, in this case marriage. It portrays a marriage which seems at first to be near-perfect, but as it unfolds the cracks are revealed and eventually one finds that despite all the imperfections, lies and betrayals they deserve each other. But not quite as you might imagine. An exceptional work.
Really good book to put it simply, here a lot of complaints about the disappointing ending, but in my personal opinion I thought the ending was unexpected and ironic which is great because I'm tired of basic and predictable endings in novels. Putting that aside this a great read and there's a movie coming out so boom there's your motivation to read it
Well, this book was my obsession and played with my mind for three days. I fantasized different endings, all the while hoping it wouldn't end.  And the ending was so Amy. Her character was true to the end. This book should be required reading for engaged couples, despite the murder, and deceit throughout. The twisted plot grabs you and doesn't let go.
Felt that I was deceived when about 40% through, it was revealed that the husband was a cheater...put the book down and picked it up a week later only to discover that the wife made his actions seem almost charitable.  It was a tremendously good read.  The ending was a bit milquetoast, and almost as if they were preparing their readers for the sequel.
This book grabbed me from the beginning and didnt' let go. Love the style (he said, she said) and unlike some others, I loved the ending. This book is unpredictable, fast-paced, and clever as all get out. Good luck putting this down once you start.  I loved Dark Places and Sharp Objects by Flynn, as well, but this one is her piece de resistance. Love!
Wow, Gillian Flynn must have stayed up lots of night coming up with the direction(s) of this plot.  I really, really enjoyed the fact that I never could figure out what was in store for the characters.  A real page turner and I found myself a little blurry eyed one morning from the lack of sleep caused by not being able to put the book down.  Read it!
this is not the type of book i usually read. however, a friend read it and said it was really great. so i did. in two days. it flip flops from two perspectives, which keeps things really exciting. i am glad i read it, and you should too. the ending wasn't what i had anticipated, but the book was well worth the read. i can't wait to read more from her.
I just couldn't stop listening or reading it, so many twist and turns it kept you wondering what's was going to happen next. What I liked about it was that your your attention was held from the start until the end.I have already recommended the book to my Husband, Daughters and Son In Law.I rated it five stars because I couldn't fault it.
WOW... this book really sticks with you when you're done.  It is so creepy and clever that it get under your skin.  I can't remember a book that had me thinking one thing and then so quickly and thoroughly turned it's world upside down. I seem to be in the minority, but I really enjoyed the end of the book. it felt completely true for the characters.
I was pleasantly surprised to discover this most awesome thriller. I literally dropped my kindle when I got to the mid way point because I was so incredibly stunned!  I found it very refreshing to get blindsided by a twist in the plot that I never saw coming.  This is a must read.
I thought I was not a fan of reading, especially fiction, but Gone Girl certainly changed my mind. Gillian Flynn really keeps you guessing, and the detail of the characters is incredible. I truly felt connected to the people in this book and parting with them at the end was difficult. I had a tough time putting this one down. Now, on to Dark Places!
I chose this book because I knew it was going to become a movie.  At first I was not terribly impressed with the book, but then the twist came.  I literally could not stay away from the book.  I read it every chance I got.  I really liked reading this book, but there were a couple disturbing situations.  I decided not to read it before going to bed.
Loved the book though if I had written it I would have ended it differently. The end was too far fetched in today's investigation systems. I would have put Amy Dunn away for life without parole. I am sure most readers felt the same way.Hoping to watch the movie which it seems has a different ending......  I may be right with my criticism
I couldn't put this book down due to the twists and turns in the storyline.  I enjoyed the fact that it changed viewpoint from chapter to chapter.  It played with your sympathies and opinions.  It was fast paced and well written with interesting observations on life and relationships which led to enthusiastic and varied discussion in our book group.
This book starts off well.  It feels very sadly, familiar in this day and time...and then, just as I was getting a little fidgety, feeling that we have been down this road.. all bets are off, and we are on a winding, twisty, turning road into a territory that is uncharted!  I couldn't put it down until I had reached the end!  A very satisfying read.
This book keeps you on the edge of your seat wondering how it is all going to end . It a very bizarre twisted partnership but the bad part is that you can relate to a lot of the craziness because you have felt it before in your own relationships . Engrossing and hard to put down , like not wanting to see the mangled car crash but unable to look away
Whoa - George and Martha ain't got nuthin' on Nick and Amy!It has been a long time since a novel has played so devilishly with my mind, setting me up to like first one character and then the other and then despise both of them and then begrudgingly admire one and then the other . . . .I'm still hearing their voices in my ear.
I thought this was a suspenseful and enjoyable read. I would suggest it to just about anyone. Better than the movie
Its hard to get into too much of this book without giving things away. The main characters are flawed and not so innocent which seems to be a constant in Flynn's work. The book defiantly takes you for some twists and turns and is a defiant page turner. If you are looking for an original mystery, i would highly recommend this book.
I really enjoyed this. It starts off like any other story about upper-middle class, white America... you know, the boy meets the girl who's richer and smarter, gets married and lives a happy American life. But in the midst of this telling, interesting characters get thrown in, like the twin sister, the cops, and also the in-depth backstory of the main characters, Nick and Amy.I kept referring back to the movie, and understood even more why Ben Affleck was a good fit for the role. The author surely had every single potential personality trait mapped out for every character. Affleck's understated acting fit perfectly with Nick's character.As a reader, I'd say, get passed the everyday lucky, life's gonna turn out right, feel of the beginning, and keep on reading. The telling of this story is well worth it.
I finished reading the book literally minutes before going to see the movie.  I'm glad I did.  The book was much better than the movie at portraying character and circumstance. I liked the movie, too, but had I seen it first, I would have been disappointed. If your choice is between reading the book and watching the movie, definitely read the book!
This was a gift for my daughter. She really enjoyed the book.
I didn't expect to enjoy ""Gone Girl"" as much as I did. I was immediately engaged, and even though some of the twists were a little predictable, they were more of a ""aha, I knew it!"" variety rather than ""well, you could see that coming."" Characters are well developed, and I had a hard time shutting my kindle down at bed-time.
I almost put this book down without finishing...something I rarely do.  The plot seemed so transparent and the dialogue so sappy it was almost nauseating.  What an incredible twist!  I was completely sucked in by this author...ha ha ha ha...what a great 'gotcha' surprise!  Loved every minute of this book by the time it ended.....pure entertainment.
I had a very hard time putting this book down. It is one of the best written books I have read in many years.  I read a review saying they didn't like the ending, they thought the author didn't know how to end it, and just stopped.  I think she left it open for another book, or to just keep you thinking what will happen next.  Overall a great book.
This was a great book because you immediately sympathize with both main characters.  There are so many twists, turns, and surprises.  Loved it, however, I felt the ending was rather anti-climatic... like she just wanted to hurry up and end the story because there wasn't much left to be told.  I loved the closing thought from Nick Dunne.  So on-key.
The style of writting took me by surprise, even though I had seen the movie. It was in a 'he said,' 'she said,' format which I found very interesting. It places you on each persons side while they talk,reflect. I also found the ending frustrating but if it was completed any other way it would have been obvious and quite Hollywood. A very good read
Normally I would not indulge in this genre of literature considering you can get your ""creep"" fix by watching everyday news or a ""Dateline."" But as soon as I picked it up Flynn had her daggers in me…that's all I will say because I hate spoilers. You will not be disappointed with this book, it is not your typical ""thriller.
I have to be honest. I did watch the movie before I read the book. So I knew what was going to happen. The book was better then the movie. Well that's pretty much true for all books turned into movies. I liked reading the book more because you get so much more detail than what the movie shows. I would definitely recommend people to read this book.
I really enjoyed the ride!  I didn't expect some of the twists and turns.  Loved some of the great cliffhangers at the end of some of the chapters.  Couldn't put the book down.  After I read the descriptions of Nick in the book I thought Ben Afflec was a PERFECT choice for the movie!  As soon as I put the book down, I immediately rented the movie!
I wasn't sure that I wanted to read this.  Was very curious if it could live up to the hype. Once I started I couldn't put it down. As told by both  parties it is a very descriptive story of two people who shouldn't be together. Their downward spiral is filled with verbal and physical abuse. So many twists and turns throughout. Highly recommended.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was a real page-turner with so many twists and turns. There were many themes in the book that were very relevant to a modern readership. The character development was very interesting and unexpected. The duplicity of the main characters was also very interesting. I would definitely recommend this book to friends.
Surprising - all the way to the end. I really thought I knew what was happening until I got midway through, then that was that. What a uniquely written book with a cast of characters that intrigued me, frustrated me, and shocked me. Just when you think you know someone...I now see why it was on hold at my library for months and months. Great read!
This was my first time reading this author's work.  This book is a great read.  It is definitely a page turner. Unlike some reviewers, I have no problem with the ending.  I f eel the author wrote the story in such a descriptive manner that the ending is fitting.  The story captures the reality of true human nature and the society in which we live.
I was so invested in this book that I couldn't help sharing with my husband and than  he was so invested he was continually asking what happened. You find yourself loving and hating the characters in this book. You will root for them one minute and want to kill them the next. Just as you think you know what is happening you discover you are wrong.
This book will keep you wanting more with each passing chapter. I understand people's frustration with the ending. It had me thing for a while but the truth is there was no better way to wrap up the story. It's a perfect ending for two of the most twisted characters I've ever read. But yes the ending is unsettling, strange and dark. Very Kubrick.
This audio book is 20 hours long. It is a great story that will keep you captivated, but it starts out a bit slow. There are 15 CD's. By CD #8, I was completely hooked on the story. It is read by two actors who do a fabulous job as the two main characters. I would drive around longer just to listen to what happened next in this mesmerizing story.
I thought I knew what would happen in the end but I was surprised.  The last 40 pages were twisty and intense.  I felt like I was on the edge of my seat.  I had a friend who finished the book before me, she kept saying I would be surprised with the ending.  I was.  I loved the way it was written and found myself going to bed earlier and earlier.
Downloaded the book to our Kindle so I could get it read before I see the movie. Not sure how I feel about the ending and am anxious to see how the story has been adapted for the movie!  I think the most amazing aspect of the book for me is the,skill of the author in writing from the two totally different perspectives of the two main characters.
I heard great reviews from friends regarding Gone Girl.  I wanted to read it before the movie came out.  This book hooked me quick and I read the entire book in 3 days.  I loved the twists and turns it took along with how the author gave each of the characters a chapter to explain what was going on with them!  I would highly recommend this book!
Cleverly written, well built characters and a great story with depth, dark humor and a lot of twists. It never gets boring and although it is not completely realistic it never gets ridiculous. Flynn is a great contemporary writer who manages to create believable, three-dimensional characters. Absolutely recommendable for people in relationships!
I have been reading this book at night before I go to sleep. Mistake. I lose an extra half hour's sleep or more. Written from two sides of the story, I can't put it down. I'm almost finished and when I am I will look up another book by this author. Really different. Very funny laugh out loud. The twists and turns are not predictable. Fun read!!!
I'm not even done with this book. I just got passed the half-way part and needed to write a review. I did not see part 2 coming... at all... I'm not going to spoil anything -- I really hate when people do that -- but if you're into murder-mystery type stories, give this one a shot, and when you get to part 2, you won't be able to stop reading...
My first book from this author and I loved it! It read like a psychological thriller.  It's a bit difficult reviewing without giving away the plot twists. As an avid devoured of the thriller suspense genre, I often see plot twist coming from a mile away, however this book had me guessing and outraged and incredulous until the very end. Loved it.
I went into this without expecting too much, but hoping for a decent book to pass the time. I ended up being unable to put this book down. It was captivating, with twists and different perspectives that kept it interesting. The pace was fast, which I like, and I am looking forward to trying her other novels after having enjoyed this one so much.
I thoroughly enjoyed Gone Girl!  We read it for our book club, and I can't wait for the discussion.  I loved how it was presented from the two different sides of the story.  I can't say I loved the ending, but it certainly kept me on my toes until the end.  Highly recommended!
Make sure you have nothing you must do for the next twenty four hours after you start reading this book because you won't be able to put it down.  It envelopes you from the very first word to the very last. Masterfully written story that has you pondering how well  you really know someone and what they might be capable of to get revenge on you.
Normally read the book, but saw the movie first this time. The two compliment each other nicely.  The book draws on more intricate themes than the movie, which has more shock-value. I have read all of Flynn's novels and am always impressed with her story-telling - she is unique in a way that I consider macabre, and her plots can be fascinating.
A mind boggling, endearing, addictive book. It drives you crazy and yet it makes you question everything about life. In my opinion there are only few books in the world that can leave such a lasting impact on you that you become obsessed with it. Gone Girl is a book definitely worth reading.Ps-complete the book before you watch the movie.
This psychological thriller takes the reader through heart wrenching twists and turns of plot.  This story is told through the eyes and mind of both the husband accused of murder and the wife who has disappeared.  The author uses diaries and the stories of the other characters affected by the wife's disappearance.  This was a great page turner.
While reading the book I was able to imagine the characters, scenery and moods of each situation. It was written with great detail. Not a fan of the ending, but I could live with it.I could not put the book down, as when another clue or hint was given about the character was given, it  drew me closer to finding out ""who did it!!"".
I would like a Gone Girl 2 or something like that! There is so much more that these characters can get into!!! I love murder mysteries and it kept my interest and I went looking for a second book to this. So I bet more readers would love a sequel too! Great writing!!!!It's always nice to read something well written!! Kudos to you!!!
This was a gift for my mother.  I had read the book previously.  I'm not much for popular fiction but very much enjoyed this.  It's not often I find a book that I cannot figure out every plot twist and turn before it happens.  This held my interest and was well written.  My mother is enjoying it also and it's nice to have a book we can discuss.
I read her last year’s great success Gone Girl first, and I’ve been tracing her backward. I’ve done Dark Places, now in the middle of Sharp Objects. Gone Girl is her best so far. This is the most sophisticated one and highly entertaining. But her compelling storytelling talent is obvious from the first, Sharp Objects. You can see her signature.
This was an unbelievable relationship that should never have happened.  If you are willing to suspend your disbelief and poetic faith, you can see the terrible angst Flynn creates. It is a difficult read, but a challenge to see if it is possible to guess the outcome. Probably not. Well worth the time to read it. A study is psychopathic sadness!
I'm being selective in the books that I am downloading to my Kindle....took the advice from my neighbor who reads constantly. She is 30 and I am 60...this is a good read for all. Unbelievable twists and turns..Good book!
Gone Girl is the first Gillian Flynn book that I have read, and it certainly will not be the last.  Gone Girl captures the reader's attention from the first page on...I couldn't put it down.  To sum it up, it is a tale of extremely dysfunctional love co-dependency.  The ending was completely unexpected.I highly recommend this read.
Great action mystery book I have read in a long time. I stayed up reading every page because I wanted to know the end. Very twisted minded and well thought out plots. My husband read it with me and he too got into the book. The author did a phenomenal job in keeping the reader engaged and certainly wanting more after each chapter. It was good!
I hated to put the book down.  I was sure Nick's dad knew something, though, about Amy.  I thought his constant  cursing mumblings were describing Amy, and it was his way of trying to tell Nick.  But, of course, that never came to be.  Hopefully there is no one out there that has that much foresight, patience and is so manipulative all in one.
Everyday I looked forward to this book with such anticipation. I wasn't disappointed, I even began to feel a dysfunctional attraction towards Nick & a envy towards Amy's brilliance & psychosis...in a strange way. However, I expected the ending to be a bit more climatic considering the events. Everyone lived happily ever after but not really?!?
He'll hath no fury like a psycho woman scorned. Such a good book. Great twists, kinda saw it coming. It's a little disturbing the lengths this psycho went to, I thought you couldn't make someone love u but according to Amy u can. Bothers me that Nick couldn't get out it's sad, I started off hating him and then feeling sorry for him in the end.
There was no way the reader could not feel the plight, emotions and disfunction of the characters. Solid writing with just enough detail. I have to admit it had a Scott and Lacey Petterson resemblance to it, which was creepy. I'm an avid reader, I read this book about a month ago and I still have flashbacks to it. The ending line is priceless!
We loved this book. It was scary and tense and thriliing all wrapped into one. Once I got into it, I couldn't put it down. Book club spent hours discussing it and what made us feel so uncomfortable about the plot. Definitely recommend it for those looking for something that pushes the edge a bit. Can totally see this getting made into a movie.
I love mysteries, and this one delivered! This is one of my all time favorite books. It is so twisted that you never see what is coming next, especially at the end. It is the most intriguing book I have ever read and would recommend it to anyone who loves a good mystery but is looking for something a little different than a John Grisham novel.
A mind-bending psychoanalysis of marriage, replete with in-laws stories, vengeance, and parental pathos. A murder investigation reveals more than just clues about the missing Amy, it returns entertaining evidence to the reader about human nature and the status of our relationships. Gillian Flynn combines fine writing with stellar storytelling.
Love that the 3 parts make you aware that a plot change is coming, but you have no idea what it will be.  Gillian Flynn has a real gift of story-telling and can portray very specific thoughts and feelings in few words.  I read for pleasure and usually am not one to analyze literature, however I often found myself pausing in awe of her writing.
It's not often I find a book that I don't want to put down.  Gone Girl was one of those books.  I found myself thinking about the characters while I was going about my day to day business.  By the end of the book I was questioning how well I really knew the people around me.
It's been a long time since I've ever read such a good  book. And the ending was fine with me. There doesn't always have to be a perfect ending where justice prevails. Sometimes it just it what it is, especially when marriage is involved. If you want to read a book that keeps you thinking about it long after you've read it, this is that book.
I know that a lot of readers said that the characters were unlikeable, and they were, but the amount of care that went into defining them through their actions is phenomenal.  This book is carefully plotted and the reward is that you will think about it long after you finish it.  How many books with likeable characters can you say that about?
I really liked this book.  It kept my interest.  I was a bit disappointed in the ending; the ending seems highly unlikely.  I kept thinking I was glad these two found each other instead of ruining two other people's lives.  Weird relationship.  Very frustrating to try to follow the non-existent logic of their thinking.  But a good, fast read.
This was a great read! I was making guesses about what happened from the beginning, but as each character progressed and developed, I kept changing my mind. It was almost like the real-life experience of gradually forming an opinion of someone you meet as you get to know them better. Tremendous insight into relationships and how they develop.
Very good writing.  The 1st half of this book had you thinking one way, and then the 2nd half has you going in a different direction!  I have to say though, that I really did not like the ending.  I think Amy should have had her due!!  And John!  After all Amy did to him, he still takes her back and forgives her!  No, no.  I hated that part!!
Obviously the book is more in depth than the movie, but the details align.  I'm sure there are crazy people out there like these characters, but what I really get from this book is how the mass audience (those of us who watch the news and entertainment shows)- we really are puppets...because beautiful people do live happily ever after, right?
Such a dark tale told in such a light way. I loved the way it was told. Lots of twists and turns. I don't want to spoil it by sharing a damn thing. I knew nothing until I read it and I think it's better that way. A quick enjoyable read.I really love the way she alternates the point of view and then turns it on its head. Brilliant!
I ordered this book, because the movie that Ben Affleck made, of this book, was filmed in my hometown.  Cape Girardeau, Mo.  I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie.  The book wasn't very interesting when I first started reading it.  The more I read, the more I liked it.  It turned out to be a very good book.  I will go see the movie
This book is well written, clever, edgy and suspenseful; there is a surprise around every corner.  Gillian Flynn is a superb writer.  I have yet to see the movie version but I am sure nothing will totally compare with the novel.  I will most definitely read other works by Ms. Flynn.  Enjoy everyone - a must read for mystery and suspense fans!
I kept seeing the previews for the movie, and saw it was based on a book. I won't go see it in theaters so I would be waiting awhile. Since I'm stuck at home a lot, well why not read the book. it is a plot turning and twisting page turner. I never could guess what was going to happen and that was great. I would recommend this book to everyone
This was my first attempt at a Gillian Flynn novel and it was worth every cent. I was enthralled from beginning till end. It only happens so often in life that you accidentally come across a work of fiction that touches your psyche in such an indelible way. Great job Gillian. I can't wait to read your next novel, please hurry up and write it!
I would rate this book 5 out of 5 stars. Without giving to much away this book is amazing. It's full of suspense, humor, murder, and its all around a good read. You fall in love with both Amy and Nick and I promise you won't be able to put the book down. It's only 415 pages but it's packed with such a well written story that won't disappoint!
Wow, what a good writer this woman is! I haven't been sucked into a book like I was with this one for a long time. I actually read a few lines of hers aloud to people, constantly impressed by her way with words. Great book. Immediately bought all of her others. Cannot WAIT to get lost in her writing and imagination again. Thank you Ms. Flynn!
Gone Girl was an amazing read.I wasn't sure at first, but about a quarter of the way through the beginning of the book, I realized I couldn't really trust the narrator of the story. Either of them, really. It ramped up the suspense like crazy and I couldn't wait to finish the book just to see how it ended.Amazing read!
Honestly, I read this book when i first came out and really loved it. The perspective that Flynn writes from in this book I really love. The book had me wondering what came next and also wondering what the resolution to the story would be. I think the idea and message of this book is beautiful and people should some of things in it to heart.
All I can say is WOW.  Unfolds a story about boy meets girl, get married, fall on hard times and move back to husband's home state.  Then suddenly a bomb is dropped right when you least expect it and the ride of a lifetime is on.  I could not put it down.  A must read even if you have seen the movie, but I recommend the book first.  Awesome.
Finally getting around to reading this bestseller, now a motion picture(can't wait to see it) This story is a whodunit turned on it's head! The layers,twists,changes of POV. What a ride! How rewarding to keep up & remember every detail, cause it might become a clue or evidence even! Looking forward to reading Gillian Flynn's two other books.
I started reading this book three days ago and had a very hard time putting it down.  I finished it earlier today and went right out to see the movie.  Gillian Flynn is a great storyteller.  This book has more twists and turns than a country mountain road.  I wouldn't recommend it for anyone under 18 due to mature themes, violence, language.
An excellent read!  I couldn't put it down. Did he or didn't he kill his wife? He sure sounded guilty. He looked guilty. He was guilty of adultery. But did he murder his wife? You have to read it for yourself. I promise you, you won't believe it. I think this had to be one of the most intriguing fiction novels I've read in a number of years.
Gone Girl is my favorite book of the year. It's so well-written and the twist midway was one of the best, most compelling twists I've ever read. The writing is perfect in so many ways and, unlike many, I loved the ending. I thought it was perfectly in keeping with the rest of the novel and wouldn't have wanted it to end any other way. YUMMY!
This book is nothing like I have ever read before! An absolutely riveting book, that kept me glued from start to finish. I was taken through a spiral of emotions and was completely drawn it.An outstanding plot and fascinating characters. Very cleverly written, and hugely thought provoking.Disappointing ending though 
Can't decide what I loved more about this book - the author's insight into human nature, the black humor she mines there, her ability to manipulate our opinion of the characters like a puppet master or the wickedly clever plot. All I know is I loved everything about Gone Girl, including the ending - organic, inevitable. Aesop would be proud.
I have fallen in love with Gillian Flynn.  Her writing is intelligent and witty.  Her stories are original and keep you thinking and guessing.  Modern mytery with great characters and one-of-a-kind story lines.  This book left me wanting more, not going to lie.  So clever.
I loved how the book was narrated by the two main characters alternating as time went on. Great twists and turns make you constantly change teams. You are left with carrying on their lives in your mind. Now that I have read the book I will see the movie. Thank you for keeping my mind stimulated to the point that I found it hard to put down.
There are so many times that murder mystery books bore me with their predictability.  Not this time. Gone girl drew me in from the beginning with its John Steinbeck style of alternating chapters setting the scene. The shocking twists and turns kept me glued right up until the end, manipulating my love and hate for the characters throughout.
Couldn't put it down , just had to learn how it would end. Right up until the very end the story had the possibility of  several different endings.  I can understand why it was made into a move. Several people from my bookclub saw the movie after reading the book and gave good reviews. Several people questioned the possibility of  a sequel.
I absolutely loved this book! I was so into it I didn't want to eat or sleep or go to work. I found myself endeared to Any from the beginning and very much endeared to get by the end. Lol I'm not entirely sure what that says about me but hey, it is what it is. I recommend this book to absolutely everyone. Especially married and LTR folks :)
The structure is contrived, the plot makes no realistic sense, but Flynn certainly knows how to keep you turning the pages! If you're looking for great literature this is certainly not that, but if you want to be entertained for a few hours this book is head and shoulders ahead of 99.9% of the movies that try to accomplish the same purpose.
This book was brilliant, little bit slow to start with and then it just got better and better.I was totally blown away as to how  a person can write a story that shows how both men and women can be manipulated  in a relationship by first love and then fear.Reminded me of a Susan Sloan book i read years ago called An Isolated Incident.
I loved this book. It was slow going at the beginning because it doesn't make a lot of sense. But after it started making crazy sense it was a crazy good book all the way to the last page. I read it on kindle but bought it hard back so all my friends could read it too so we could talk about it. Loved the book so much that I read her others.
Read this after watching the movie. I bet it's even better if you have not seen the movie, but because I did, I knew what would come next. I really liked getting to know the characters more. I found out more about Nick and Amy and also Nicks parents. Very addictive. Never read so many chapters in one day. I like Dark Places more though. ;)
This is one of the most interesting books I have read . Ms Flynn has woven a tale so complexity that you cannot even imagine how it will end. The husband and wife are like two Gladiators circling their opponents . Mistrust is what they thrive on. Murder and infidelity are the entree of the day. The ending will blow your mind.Ann Reed
Very good book!  Lots of twists and turns.  Could not wait to see how it ended!  Very well written.  I really did enjoy it.  How an author could do what Gillian did in the writing of the book is beyond me.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes to read.  It had me turn the pages fast from beginning to end!  Very Good!!
I would give it more stars if I could.  Couldn't put the book, or in my case the book on Kindle, down it was so interesting, absorbing, and suspenseful.  I didn't quite agree with the kind of abrupt end, but they all can't end the way we think they should.  Very good story obviously, they made the movie, but the book is well worth reading.
I am a VERY slow reader...seriously usually fall asleep after reading 5 pages in a book.  I literally couldn't put this book down and finished it in 3 days.  I wanted to read before seeing the movie.  Can't wait to see the movie now!  My sister read and loved it too.  Said the movie was really good, but the book was SO MUCH BETTER!  Enjoy!
Excellent read! Very clever plot - definitely not predictable!  Really keeps your interest and has enough twists to make you say ""oh!!""  I made my book club read it (they loved it!) and my boss, too!  Everyone that I've recommended it to has really enjoyed it.  Can't wait for the movie to come out - I hope it lives up to the book!!
Talk about mind-blowing.  I am not much of a mystery reader and had in fact determined I would not read this book.  I am incredibly glad I changed my mind.  Gillian Flynn has written a story so warped you have to keep reading, and when it ends you expect there is yet more to unravel.  Looking forward to recommending this as often as I can.
I read all the reviews, and most said it was great, except for the end.  It takes a while to figure out what's so great (like 200 pages), but when it happens, it really takes off!  My recommendation is just to enjoy the ride.  As for the ending, it leaves the reader with a lot of food for thought, which I love and is great for a book club!
This movie is being filmed in my hometown with nick dunne being played by Ben Affleck and Tyler perry being played by nick dunne's attorney . I am loving the film and I'm a extra in the movie. Yes I'm going to be in the movie how.awesome is that. But any way this is a awesome read and I love it so many twists and turns. But a awesome read.
I had never heard of this author but had the oppurtunity to buy her book at a discount and gave it a shot. And I am so happy that I did. This is by far one of the best books I have ever read. It has suspense, twists, and is so thought provoking. I highly recommend this read to anyone who likes a good suspense thriller. You won't regret it.
This book takes you on an amazing journey. I loved how throughout the book you get to see things unravel through both the husbands and wife's eyes. This book takes hold of you and never let's go till the end. Just when you think you know what's going to happen next you're fooled once again. This book has easily become one of my favorites.
From page one to the end of the book, you're hooked.  Not a book to be read to relax and doze off to sleep; rather, a fascinating mystery that keeps you turning the pages until well past your bedtime.  The plot twists and turns will enthrall you until the very ""Hitchcock"" type ending.  If the movie follows the book, it's a winner!
Brilliantly  written. Full of plots, sub plots, twists and turns. Fascinating character development. A real study in abnormal psychology. Love the book, just wanted to keep reading more. hats off to the author for a very well written, and carefully plotted book. want to read more of her publications. our local Book Club gals loved it too.
This is one of the best books that I have read in a long time.  So many twists and turns, just when you think you have it figured out,it takes another turn.  Very well written, and characters that really interest you.  The only thing that I had trouble with was the ending, I guess it wasn't the way I would have liked it to end
This book was chosen by members of my book club and I wanted to ""get ahead "" with my reading.  I could not believe that someone could be so coniving and planning ahead to get people to react in their favor.  How dysfunctional was this girls family?  Is this a chess game?  I ultimately felt sorry for everyone in  this women's life.
Ok, so I finally got a chance to read this book, and I have one word for it...AMAZING!  I absolutely loved it.  It was one of the best books I have ever read.  I definitely recommend it to anyone who hasn't yet read it and is looking for something new to read.  I am definitely ready to read her other 2 books Dark Places and Sharp Objects.
This is an amazing novel. This author has a way of setting the stage for endings which leave you wondering how you missed so many clues to the final truths revealed. Certainly one of the best psychological thrillers I've ever read. We are fortunate to have such a young writer with so much talent. She certainly could be our own P.D. James.
One of the better books I have read in a long time! Lots of mystery and suspense. Twists and turns! Everyone knows the plot plus the movie has been out. Not going to rehash the plot... just wanted to agree with the majority that it was a fantastic book! I also read Sharp Objects and Dark Places...both very good but this one was the best!
Riveting book..  I was disappointed with the ending but it was a good read.  Now I am looking forward to seeing the movie.  It was a book that had a lot of twists in it that you were not expecting.  You didn't want to put it down and it was nice it was not the predictable person missing in action.  Highly recommend if you like mysteries.
It was such a stupid ending.  The book was interesting at first, but then it was like the author run out of juice , and in order to continue, she kept adding stuff and more stuff that was silly and lacking in creativity.  It was very tiring to read until the end, but I was hoping for some creativity.  It never happened.Thumbs down!
Like any Grisham book, starts out with a bang, then the story loses steam and eventually the ending lacks the punch the beginning did. Very well written, great premise, well executed, the ending however, did leave a lot to be desired, but since that was such a small part of the book, didn't really interfere with the enjoyment of reading.
Gillian Flynn is a fabulous story teller. I love all of her books, but this was a masterpiece. The story flipping back and forth between the two main characters, and then it hits you! BAM! I was so shocked! But it wasn't the twist that was the best part. She makes these character so vivid, so extremely intriguing. I want more Ms. Flynn!!
This book was very well written. It flowed well and kept you wondering what was next. I found myself thinking, ok, it is pretty, good, but did not have high expectations. Boy,  was I wrong. The more I read, the better the story got. Great unexpected twists and turns. I was spellbound. I would never have expected the ending. A great read.
I loved this novel! It kept me wondering what was going to happen on the next page. Just when I thought I had everything figured out, the author would take you through a loop and you had no idea what was going to happen. I read the book before I saw the movie, which I think made the movie even better. I would highly recommend this book!
I bought this book as a gift for a loved one (a young woman) who had just undergone major surgery, and she couldn't stop talking about how good it was. She is an avid reader and actually read it in one night and later went to see the movie. I felt good about the fact that I could keep her mind off of her pain for a short while at least.
I just finished reading Gone Girl: AWESOME!! Loved the way Gillian Flynn set up the chapters, this made the intrigue more believable. If you like a good book with twists and turns you will LOVE Gone Girl! Everytime I thought I figured out the Mystery I was wrong. Now I can't wait to see the movie and hope it lives up to my expectations!
....when I cannot put a book down, take off work to read, that is a great sign of a good read.  Gone Girl was that kind of a wild ride.  Loved it, great fun, keep wondering, some predictability, but next turn, wow.  Loved the whole package - cover to cover.  Well done.
I loved Gone Girl: A Novel by Gillian Flynn. I usually don't read suspenseful books because I can't handle the suspense of not knowing how something ends but this book was thoroughly enjoyable. It was written really well and there was never a moment where I felt bored. I grew to hate these characters because I got invested in the book.
I started this book thinking it would be frivolous, fluffy and insubstantial, but after that I found that I couldn't put it down! And every time my interest started to wane the book went in a completely new direction. I enjoyed every minute of the thrill ride and I'm so glad I didn't let the hype keep me from reading this awesome book!
So much better than the movie! she is crazy & I love the suspense I felt throughout the book.It started out slow & i though I was not going to like it but  from the time she turned up missing & the detective said what they said, I was hooked. Read it while cooking thanksgiving & i was focused. thankfully I didn't burn the food :)
What book has everyone been talking about? Gone Girl. I read it. It's difficult to give a review of this book without giving away any surprises (and there are lots). Two voices in this book: Nick and Amy. They're both so different from each other, so flawed, so real. I haven't been this jealous of another writer's style in a long time.
Enjoyed reading this immensely - it was one of those books that I started reading and couldn't put down - I stayed up til 2am, then brought to work with me the next day to read on my lunch break.  Great character development, plot twists, and pacing.  If you enjoy suspense/mystery, you will enjoy reading this nontraditional love story.
The copy I bought arrived in timely fashion and indeed was next to new.  Before I got really ""into,"" it I got side-railed by ""The Guardian"" by Nicholas Sparks, a copy I actually bought as a present for my sister.  I love that story and the guts it took Mr. Sparks to write it.  His fans will know what I'm talking about.
So good, I don't WANT to see the movie!  Once you know the plot, watching the movie would be an exercise in critiquing the adaptation.Well written, appropriately-paced and suspenseful.  I'm not a reader of ""mystery"" genre books, but after several friends told me how much they liked it, I had to read it.  Time well spent.
WOW! I just loved it I couldn't put it down.  Love reading Nate's side and then Amy's diary, what a concept.  And the twist at the end  I didn't see that one coming.  When I saw the movie trailer I said I need to read the book first.  So glad I did, who needs the movie. Can't wait to see what Ms. Flynn has in store with future books..
This started slowly for me and I thought I wasn't going to like it. But, then it picked up pace. I'm not a big time reader, however this book really caught me. I couldn't put it down! Lots of turns and twists. I was completely captivated. I don't want to give anything away with any spoilers. If you like a good mystery, read Gone Girl.
This is a page turner! Although I must admit it took me a little while to really get into it but after the first 50 pages I was hooked! Great story with twists and turns you never saw coming. Plus with the movie due out soon it's a perfect time to read or re-read this book. I highly recommend! Can't wait to read more from this author.
It was interesting to read a novel  in which I did not like any of the main characters. Having an understanding of them was enough to keep me reading on and on to see what would develop next. Can't wait to see the movie! One does wonder about their fictional child about to be born. Will they be able to rally and do right by the child?
This story is one of the most interesting mysteries I have read - if it can be called a mystery.  You really do ask yourself ""what is going to happen now?""  I can imagine someone doing these things, but have never known anyone I thought could do them.  It is great fun, but don't get attached to anything you think is the truth.
This book was simply great fun and intriguing.The plot is original and interesting. It twists and turns in both predictable and unpredictable directions.Well written, got me hooked from the very beginning.I'd higly recomend this if you're looking for a crime novel that challenges the genare (a bit).
I couldn't put this book down! It uses an artful way to tell the story of two people whose marriage has gone hopelessly wrong.  While neither of the main characters are particularly likeable, it doesn't really matter because you are waiting to learn what happens next. It was one of the best suspenseful novels I've read in a long time.
I know alot of reviews have been written about this book. I don't want to reiterate the same stuff over. This is a great book and I have to say that Ms. Flynn is a very imaginative person. I don't know how she even came up with a plot like this. I guess we are very fortunate to have some great writers out there.Excellent read!!!
Wow! Riveting! Surprising!This book reminded me of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? In its chilling depiction of what we do to each other within our relationships  (fortunately expanded beyond what most of us experience).A mystery full of food for thought.
This book was brilliantly written, and had me on the edge of my seat until the end. Flynn is really good at developing characters. You didnt know which end was up when reading the book, and that was a good thing! I love all 3 of her books and anxiously await the next
This book is extremely well written and I love how it doesn't have a typical ending. I thought it was a deep book that made me think throughout the entire book. I really liked the ending because it wasn't an in your face type ending. You actually had to think about it after you put the book down which made it so much more enjoyable!!
There have been some negative reviews about the ending of this novel because it was an unusual ending. Personally i could not put my kindle down for 5 nights straight plowing the story of the sociopath, Amy, and the intricacies of her marriage. It was an atrocious case of abuse, yet so hard to look away. Great writing and great read.
A truly well written thriller.  I came into it without knowing much of the story, so I was I really taken aback by the twists and turns.  It is well crafted, the characters are believable and the voices well executed.  It surely made me pass the time, all of the few it took me to read it.  I just could not put it down.  A great read.
Awesome book! Loved it and could not put it down.  It is the first of the 3 Gillian Flynn books I have read and I really hope she comes out with a 4th soon.  I read this in just a few days and was hooked by page 1.  Lots of twists and turns in this book which make for a great thriller novel.  You will not be sorry you got this book!!
I've read only a quarter of the book thus far, but at this point I can't stop reading.  Learning the perspectives of each of the major characters puts an added twist to this mystery.  In the midst of wondering where Amy is, I see how the relationship declines on one side and improves on the other.  Interesting approach to this story.
This book has made it into my list of all time faves. Superior writing, gripping story line, well-developed characters. I always end up guessing the predictable endings in books and there was no possible way to guess this one. Buckle up and enjoy the ride -- this book is tons of literary fun! (And better than her previous two books.)
This plot keeps you guessing - and most times you have to rethink how you thought the book would end.  Lots of twists and turns to keep you reading.  Many references to the way the mainstream news reports and how that skews the public's view of who is guilty before the events even play out. Would definitely read a sequel to this one.
Better than the movie! You have to read it!!
Was very good - totally surprising ending!!!
The author has an excellent command of the English language and clearly has done her research.  She understands so many nuances of male and female characters that is simply amazing to me.  I have not yet seen the movie, have heard that it is ""true"" to the book, so am looking forward to it. I really enjoyed reading this book!
I haven't read a book this good in a long time.  This is a thriller, a mystery, a love story and so entertaining that I couldn't put it down. Just about the time you think you've figured it out, bah-boom--a new mind bender.  Now I see why they made a movie out of it.  I've already bought another of Gillian's books.  A fabulous read!
An editor once told me that the key to a great psychological thriller is a recurrent shift in voice and emotional perspective between the antagonist and protagonist so that the reader is drawn deeply into the world of each character. Gillian Flynn does that masterfully in Gone Girl. It is almost painful to have to shift perspective.
Yes, the characters are not exactly loveable, but that is kind of the point of the book. In fact, you come away with a bad taste for people in general. The book is amazingly well-written and structured. I don't think a single incident was unimportant for the development of the plot or characters. This is how books should be written.
i loved this book. it keeps you guessing, to say the least, up til the last word. a fascinating character study, and a study of a marriage, popular culture, and pop crime knowledge. so well worth reading. highly recommended. would love to read the sequel.....doubt there will be one, but it would be very interesting to say the least.
This book was so good! A real page turner, definitely kept me interested. I don't know who I was rooting for more: the husband or the wife - both had faults and good points. I thought the ending was definitely fitting and kept thinking about all the twists and turns long after I finished reading. Will definitely recommend to others!
Even my wife, who usually does not read mysteries could not put this one down.  In fact, she read it first and was constantly surprised by the twists and turns that the book throws at you.  I bought it and blitzed thru it, unable to put it down for long.  I highly recommend this book.  Go get it, find a comfortable chair, and enjoy.
The movie trailer looked interesting so I took the plunge and started reading the book. The plot was captivating and there are so many twists and turns to keep on on the edge of the seat! I really enjoyed it, but maybe the title should be ""Crazy Gone Girl."" Crazy or brilliant?? Read the story and answer that for yourself my friend.
The best book i have read in a while. A great thriller. Very original. I was unable to predict either character's next step, and had to keep reading for hours at a time to see what would happen next. Just watched the movie as well and thenjoying author also wrote the movie's screenplay so the book and movie were remarkably similar.
I'll have to admit, this book gripped me from page one. I read it faster than I read Fight Club. I wasn't exactly satisfied with the conclusion but the body was enthralling. I have recommended it to every one of my friends... Except my wife who I told, ""maybe you shouldn't read this..."" I'm not sure what that says about me.
First time in a long time that I was shocked and surprised in a story. Most times you can see something coming or it makes sense when you are reading it. This really blew me away, she does such a great job with the writing and characters. I was not pleased with the last chapter, but I have already recommended it to so many friends.
This is one of the best books I've read. So many twists and turns. Nothing to be skipped. I actually read it while taking a walk - on my Kindle - so that I'd walk at lunch time instead of staying in and reading. Risky, since I walk in a parking lot. But I couldnot put it down. Sorry when it ended. I'll have to try the author again.
I loved reading a book that made me want to pick it up.  The plot is really exciting after  you get through the first quarter of the book.  One of the most fun and interesting books I've read in ages. My daughter read it too and it was torture to not be able to talk about it until after she was finished so as to not spoil anything.
The author alternates chapters between the two main characters. You get to know them well, both their visible personality and what's going on inside. At a point late in the book, I couldn't stop reading. Peel a vegetale, read a chapter, set the table, read a chapter, etc. Sometimes it's a little quirky, but a great read throughout.
This intricately plotted novel begins as a compelling read and becomes downright compulsive. The ending strains plausibility but is no less enjoyable and satisfying. It is, like its title character, dazzling and clever and fluid in its assumptions. Its masterful use of the unreliable narrator should be studied in writing workshops.
I love/hate this book. Wonderfully written, it has an amazing plotline that is masterfully rendered. Tough book to read for the shallowness and spitefulness of some of the characters but I dare you to try to put it down once you start reading. Frightful to think that we are at our happiest only when we are pretending to happiness.
Loved this book, although I actually had to read it twice to make what, for me, was a full assessment of the main characters.  Spoiler: The first go-around left me wondering how things could EVER be worked out...second time left me feeling that these flawed people deserved one another.Gillian Flynn is an author I will watch.
I enjoy stories where I get so involved that I can't sleep at night because I want to finish the book.  That is exactly how Gillian Flynn writes.  And she keeps you interested and unable to figure everything out by adding twists and turns in the plot.  Absolutely LOVED the book.  This book was picked out to read in my book club. .
The whole book was just a well thought out, clever story; however, the end was slightly disappointing since the rest of the book was clever, you'd expect that to be just as good, but it fell flat. It was as if the author just ran out of time and made it up in five minutes. The rest of it was amazing though. I couldn't put it down.
Great book especially since it's split in his and her point of view in the writing.  Although I did not like the ending I thought it was brilliantly written and held you captive.  It's incredible to think that there are women out there who really are this nuts!  It was highly recommended to me and it did not dissappoint.  READ IT!
This is a fantastic book! The mystery of what happened on their anniversary kept me reading this book until I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer. My favorite thing about his book (as well as her other book Dark Places) is that you read from each person's point of view, which gives you a much better perspective into their lives.
After reading a review in the newspaper, I didn't want to wait for the local library to get a copy, so I bought it on line. I give the book 5 stars, and have since passed it on to 3 other people, and they also rate it highly.I also read one of Gillian Flynn's earlier novels ""Sharp Objects"", which I only give 4 stars.
This book was a delight to read.  Another great book of the summer.  (See my other reviews.)  I was totally gripped for the first half of the book and thought it totally fell apart at the end.  But who cares?  It was still a totally entertaining read.  I'm a fan.
Gone Girl is one of the best books I've ever read. I found it almost impossible to predict the outcome - the dialogue flowed well, the plot was satisfyingly convoluted,and I had a hard job putting it down. A very refreshing change from the 'psycho serial killer 'genre that has metastasised into many areas of contemporary writing.
This book was fun! In the beginning I kept wondering how on earth it would end up and the more I read the more I wanted to keep reading. I love the twists and turns. It reads as a two sided story so you get the back and worth between how two different people are handling a situation. It was a great read and I highly recommend it!
This book had me hooked from the very beginning.  It is rare that I can read a book and not ""see"" the ending but this page turner fooled me.  The plot was phenomenal and the twists kept coming.  You are constantly in a state of ""did that just happen"".  Can't wait to see the movie and hope it does the book justice!
This book was a great read!  Gillian Flynn's character development and writing dynamics caused me to not put this book down.  The dark/mysterious plot was both intriguing and enthralling.  I loved both characters and couldn't pick a favorite. I have been on the search for another book I enjoyed this much and have yet to find one.
Amazon kept recommending me this book, and I kept putting it off. When I finally purchased it, I was bummed I didn't read it sooner. I ordered both of her other books as soon as I was done (and I actually might have ordered them before I even finished). Great read, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good book.
When I first started reading this book I wasn't sure it would be an enjoyable read.  Boring would be the word that came to mind. It had such great reviews I figured everyone couldn't be that wrong so I kept reading.  It didn't take long and I couldn't put the book down. I'm looking forward to reading other books by Gillian Flynn.
This book is amazing!!!I'm a romance novel freak. This book is so different. What makes this book the best is the unexpected twists and turns it takes. The best part is the ending. I kept guessing the ending and totally did not expect it to end this way. Simply amazing. A brilliant book. This is not your typical love story.
Wow.  What an amazingly crazy story.  I was enthralled from the very beginning.  I thought for sure I knew what was as going on but alas I did not.  I have to say I was surprised at the many twists and turns this story took.  Sometimes the characters did exactly what I expected only to find that they really didn't.  Again....WOW.
One of my favorite books ever; I began the book and loved the two main characters and, then, I hated Nick with a passion and mid-book, I hated his wife as well. With more twists than Chubby Checker and more evil than Beelzebub, this is a fast paced, current and addictive novel that I hated to finish (although I HATED the ending).
This book had me reading way past my bedtime. There were major twists and turns that I never expected. I don't read a lot of mysteries like this but it was really good. Characters were believable and relatable and the story just kept me turning pages. I didn't love the ending but until then it was a book I would highly recommend.
It starts out like every other crime novel, and you think you know excactly how it ends. But the story twists and turns in unexpected ways until the end. This is the most original crimestory I have read in years. The language is exellent and keeps you bound to the pages. If you are only reading one novel this year, chose this one
I can well understand why this book is on the NY Times top 10 list. I am a reader of mystery books, thriller type, whodunit and ""Gone Girl"" has a plot twist I have never read before. It is amazingly well written, well thought out and a ""can't put down book. Definitely one of the best books of this kind I've ever read
This is one of the best mystery stories I have ever read. The characters are so well defined, the settings are outlined beautifully, and the plot, or plots, are always surprising and unexpected. It's all about a screwed up marriage, and Amy is truly amazing. I have read the book twice, and hope the movies is as good as the book.
This was another book club book that we all really enjoyed. I loved the twist, some said they saw it coming, some did not.Strong writing, I love the sarcasm and realistic stand point.A great story that is woven well like a scavenger hunt of scenes that meld together into a treasure of surprise, up until the very end.
What a page turner!  Love the way it was written from each character's point of view, alternating chapters between her diary and his day-to-day narrative.  Then, about half way through . . . the twist!  At that point, be prepared to put everything else (work, chores, eating, sleeping) aside.  You will not be able to put it down.
As new facts get revealed, the readers opinion of what is going on changes. This roller coaster ride reveals to you  thatcthings are not always what they seem. In this work, you quickly turn the page to reveal the next plot surprise, Just  as you adjust to the last turn of events, this imaginative author changes the game on you.
What a wicked wicked brain Ms Flynn does possess ! She thinks of everything ... at times i actually feel sorry for Nick ! Great book, i listened to it as opposed to reading it, and i think i must have listened to it ten times over, to catch every nuance. Great writing, great topic ... ... pure evil, of the non-scientific sort !!
This is a great read and the archetypal page-turner!  There are implausibilities in the telling of the tale, the characters aren't that likable but you still want to know what happens next and how things pan out in the end.  The denouement is probably disappointing but maybe not illogical.  Plenty of fodder here for a book club!
I saw an interview by this author and thought this book sounded good.  Since I retired I am always on the look out for good books.  Finally, after seeing it on the best seller list for weeks and weeks I decided I must be missing out on something really good and bought the book.  It is one of the best books I read this past year.
This is an absolutely brilliant book; funny, complex and believable. The various narrative voices are very well done and the plot is very tight. Ignore the morons giving this book a low rating because they don't like the end; they just don't get it. I went aheadand read Flynn's other two novels, and they are both excellent, too.
This novel is just so well-written. You learn something new about Amy and Nick with every chapter. And then when you're done, you have to re-read it. It's a MUST! It picks up the pace and then you start not only questioning the characters' motivations, but you start to question everything you've just read. I highly recommend it.
I couldn't put this book down from start to finish. It's a fresh, unique writing style that was a welcome change from the typical suspense/thrillers. I read a lot and it's hard to find a book that can keep my attention like this one did. Characters are great, writing was great, and the story line unforgettable. Highly recommend!
This book got really good at about the 40% mark.  Up to that time I wasn't so sure I even liked it.  Seemed slow, but that soon changes.  The slow beginning is necessary to build the strong finish!  Not that I actually like the finish, but I don't know how else it could have gone.  I'm am telling all my friends about this book!
Great book, once I reached a certain point in the book it was almost impossible to put down.  I lost many hours of sleep to this book, but it was well worth it.  I love things (movies, books, etc.) that make me think, ""what kind of crazy mind came up with this?""  That's what this book did for me... in all the best ways.
I thought this book sounded interesting, so I decided to read it, especially with the movie coming out. I was blown away. This is a wonderfully well-written book; gritty, honest, and I didn't catch a single detail that the author ""forgot"" later on in the story. I am glad I read this book and recommend it wholeheartedly.
Flynn has written a masterful mystery novel with more twists and nuisances than I have encountered in quite some time.  The plot is thick, full of surprises even to the last page.  Flynn's development of characters is thorough which adds to the readers confusion about who is in the right here.  Creative, engaging.  A good read.
Gillian Flynn is not only a great mystery genre writer, but her perception of others makes for superb character development in Gone Girl and also Dark Places (highly recommended). The way she is so privy to her character's thoughts, emotions, and behavior makes for a suspenseful, page-turning plot that leaves you feeling WOWED!
This book had so many twists and turns.  I kept changing my mind on who I liked and was rooting for.  In the end I decided that they deserved each other.  This is the best book I read this year.  I may actually place it in my top 25 reads of a lifetime.  This book is recommended for adults only. No one under 16 and probably 18.
This is a great mystery/romance which has a few twists and turns that I didn't see coming but which worked very well. Fascinating and complex central characters with interesting ( and quirky ) back story.I didn't like the ending but am prepared to forgive that as the rest of the book was a compelling and interesting read.
This was one of those books that I stayed up super late to make progress with on some nights.  I loved the twists and turns and interesting characters.  I picked it up because I was seeing a lot of buzz about it from my Facebook friends.  Apparently they have great taste.  I wasn't sure I would like it but I obviously loved it!
A title with many meanings. This book had me going until the moment when everything changed and my mind was blown. I must have said, ""NO WAY!! It can't be"" out loud several times. Definitely had a nice twist. If you like the suspense thriller with a little bit of romance, you have to read this. Can't wait for the movie.
This is the most refreshingly different and exciting book I have read in the last five years!  I rooted for poor Nick,  to no avail. The characters are so well written.  Though it is fiction, the insights into male, female relationships give one food for thought. I loved this book. Can't wait to read other books by this author!
Fantastic book- great plot, beautifully drawn characters which engaged from the beginning and despite some bizarre behaviour were believable. I really enjoyed the structure of the novel (shifting narrators) leading to the big reveal- but still there was more delicious story to come. I even loved the dark and sinister ending...
This book had gotten alot of publicity (especially with the movie coming out).  I have to admit, first few chapters I thought ""Jeez, this book is borderline boring"".  Then the plot takes a definite twist.  Turns out the book is full of mini plots and twists.  I was captivated.Enjoyed it right up to the last page.
If you believe in fairy tale endings, happily ever after or have a need for complete closure then I can see where you may not enjoy the ending.  I however thought it was perfect and enjoyed every deliciously written word of the book ! Gillian Flynn is a truly talented author and I hope to see much more from her in the future !
This book is a real page turner.  There are plenty of twists and turns but  the real point of the book is the way in which people can be psychologically manipulated and the ends to which people will go to for their own happiness at the expense of others.  A complex set of emotions against a backdrop of a chillingly good story.
I went into this knowing that the ending made a lot of people angry, even to go so far as giving it a poor review. What I love about this book is what most people hate - the ending.  I love that it wasn't predictable.  I love that there was injustice.  Not everything is going to be perfectly packaged and that's what's awesome.
Absolutely LOVE this book! The first half was good but wasnt nearly as good until you got to the second half and realized what everything in the first half was a bout! What twists and turns it had! Have already bought it in paperback for 3 friends as gifts! I am very critical of books so if I say it was good it has to be good!
It's rare that I find a book that I so look forward to reading. Gillian Flynn has done a masterful job of combining a riveting plot with great writing. It doesn't feel naive and it contains just the right amount of tension to keep things interesting. The story wasn't predictable and the ending was deliberately left open ended.
I always choose the ranking by how a book kept me engrossed, even when I suspect how it is going to turn out. The story was riviting.  The characters were mostly believable, after all, who knows what goes on in marriages.  I liked the book so much I decided to read another Gillian Flynn novel, Dark Places.Anxious to read more.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book although I am writing this review some time after reading it and after having watched the movie. The characters were compelling and the story moved along at a good pace. The twist was quite surprising and call me dense, but I didn't see it coming. This book is a great, quick, and enjoyable read.
Fantastically written-you'll be totally absorbed with each character and find yourself identifying with each (which might scare you a little bit considering the whole story).  I couldn't put this book down, incredibly complex and realistic characters were brought to life. I will absolutely read another novel by Gillian Flynn.
So bizarre it could be true.  I found it slow and hard to stay interested in until It became obvious that she wasn't dead.  In real life there are people as stupid as most of these characters turn out to be.  I'm glad I don't know anyone as smart and detailed as Amy although you have to respect those traits of that character.
I read this book in 2 days I simply could not stop reading. It's not like anything else. The story line is engrossing. You think you know something and poof! You know nothing. The twists and turns were unpredictable I never knew what would happen next. I have to see the movie now after reading this. Gillian Flynn is a genius!
SUCH A GOOD BOOK! So many twists and turns. This book kept be guessing the entire time. There were so many times that I thought I knew exactly how the rest of the book was going to go, but I was wrong every time. This book seriously keeps you on your toes, and is such a page turner. I never wanted to put it down. A MUST READ.
There has to be a more AMAZING story somewhere and if so I do not want to read it. This is enough for me - where nothing is as it seems and we go around on a roller coaster of emotions. To write such a story takes such incredible talent and an ability to transform one's thinking to a new, not normal, path. Flynn pulls it off.
This book was so near to the life I lived with a person who seemed to everyone else to be so kind and sweet, but was an abusive and mean.The relationship with a person with these kinds of mental illnesses  can damage the wife/husband and the children for life. The spouse loses all faith in their opinion to judge people.
Gillian  Flynn  is a  very  talented  writer,  im  still reading this book  so  i can't  pass sentence  yet. I  will  say, though,  its an  incredible  book  so  far, i love the way  she  turns  the story  right  around  and ....plays  the  reader.....in  a  good way  of course. I  will  buy  any  book she writes  i  think :)
So often we start a good murder story with enthusiasm to end up disappointed.  This is not the case!The characters are truly well depicted.The psychological depth of this husband and wife duet is a masterpiece.The plot is so unpredictable that will keep you guessing to the last page.Just read it!
It has been a while since I have picked up a book, or got one on my kindle that held me so tight that I ran out of battery life on one unit, and had to seek another to finish gobbling it up! I definitely did not expect any of the twists and turns..and REALLY did not expect the ending...could there be a part two? Who's to say!
My book club selected this book (I hear the author cheering) and it made for an excellent discussion since so many of us have known the characters in the book (no spoilers here, but read it and you'll know what I mean).  I literally HAD to read just past the midpoint without stopping.  I finished the second half the next day.
I've not read a ""murder mystery"" for years, thinking them too formulaic or obvious. but this book took control and wouldn't let me put it down. Chock full of good, black humor and VERY well-developed characters. Amy and Nick's marriage defines ""dysfunctional"". Especially recommend for all you married folks....
The author took a big risk with this book as it is difficult to get into, so sadly many people have probably bought it, got a few chapters in and given up. But at some point you realise just how brilliant Gillian Flynn is at how she crafted it that way....my advice, read the book and then see the movie...you won't regret it.
Kept be on the edge of my seat from part 2 on. This author keeps you guessing and doubting and you don't know who to trust. The minute you think you have the mystery figured out she sends you for another loop! Amy is so twisted, brilliant and terrifying. Her character is a narcissistic sociopath and Flynn writes her so well.
Great story. Hard to put down once you have started it. It's interesting the way your perception of the characters change as the storyline unfolds. This book would make an excellent gift for girlfriends, siblings, mothers, or mothers in law. It inspires a lot of discussion while you are reading and when you have finished it.
It was slow getting started with part one, but you could see for the most part a normal marriage to start with but it starts getting strange and a little rough.  Then you hit part two and it is fast past and very exciting.  Part three is a little strange but it ties it all together and you think wow could this really happen.
I really loved this book. A lot of people are saying that the ending petered out, but really, how else could you end it? (Spoilers!) Amy was so twisted, and she knew that Nick needed the twisting as much as she was willing to give it. With them staying together, I did really like that. I have suggested it to several friends.
I'm not sure I could sit through a movie of this book.  The characters are fleshed out so you see what they are doing, even though you are taken back by the connivance in events.  Makes you wonder about the author's mind to go to such dark places.And then we are left with questions - and we see a sequel in the future?
DEFINITELY BETTER THAN THE MOVIE.  THE MOVIE KEPT MAKING ME THINK OF GLENN CLOSE.I saw the movie before I finished the book and was disappointed in the movie ending as it was over contrived to be horrific with the blood, the bloody shower scene and all. The book's ending was more subtle and more horrific by far.
This book is good--so good that it got my granddaughter reading again.  Thank you for that, Gillian Flynn!What would you sacrifice for the perfect relationship!  This book is a psychological exploration of the decline of one couple's relationship and just how far they go to get back to the beginning, but at what cost?
This is a page-turner and very entertaining novel.  I would have given it a 5-star rating except it creeped me out in some instances...but it wouldn't have had the same impact if those parts weren't there.  Surprising twists and turns and an unexpected ending.  (Okay, I just changed my rating to 5-star...it IS a good read!)
I just started reading this book because I want to see the movie. I've always heard that books are way better than movies I never believed it until I began reading this book. I cannot see how the movie could be better than the book. The book came on time, great seller, came just as described, I have no complaints whatsoever
She has a gift for using simple, common language with very few efforts to impress her high school english teacher with her vocabulary. Incredibly well organized driving the reader back and forth between good guy and bad guy (and girls). Curious to try her other work.Great, engrossing story with great twists and turns.
Oh, my God! This is a book unlike most others I've read. The only other that made me think the writer had leaped off the cliff of sanity was GERALD by Stephen King. :)  Unfortunately, I have to wait until the movie comes out on KINDLE. Have some spine problems and cannot sit for 2 1/2 hours to watch it in the theater! Drat!
The author used a rather unusual format in writing this book. I truly enjoyed the book and the unfolding of the plot. The author had very great character development and I felt I knew each of the character as if they had lived down the street for years. I found the book hard to put down, therefore lost a few hours of sleep.
Love this book, had heard alot about it, then recieved it as a gift, heard that it was Jimmy Fallon's favorite, so I put it on my Kindle and gave the hard copy to my daughter/ we read it together on a trip, loved it!  Great story, twists and turns..crazy good! Hear there might be a movie with Ben Afflec playing the lead....
I usually try to figure out the ending of the story as I read along but this story has so many twists and turns I did not figure out the ending of the story until I reached the end.  I have recommended this book to others.  I receved the book in a timely fashion and in the condition promised.  I would recommend this seller.
An excellent book!  Keeps you guessing from the start to the finish!  Although you can guess twist no. one at the beginning, you're never quite sure if you're right.  And turns out further twists keep your first guess not quite right!  Couldn't put it down!
While reading I could hardly put this book down.  With all the twists and different concepts of the same scenario Ican't imagine how they wrote a screen play and made a movie of this.  I was a bit disappointed at the ending butit certainly was not predictable!!  Thoroughly enjoyable read on my new Kindle Fire!!
Ok, I hesitated on reading this book. At first it catches your attention then it kinds loses you. But honestly it's freaking awesome. The suspense is like a life time movie. I love this book. The story, the characters, everything. It's an easy read.I highly recommend this book. Two thumbs up plus 5 stars. Nice job Flynn (:
This book is a page turner and is riveting. Flynn takes the reader on a wild ride as only she can do it. Great prose. Great plot. And a real comment on ""modern marriage."" I read this book in 3 days. It's almost impossible to put down and you just want to see how it ends. Definitely recommend this to all Flynn fans.
A page turner, it keeps you on your toes. An outrageous story that gets all the details right, from the inner dialogue of a marriage crumbling to the constantly connected, always ""on"" world we live in to day. A psychological thriller that feels connected to this time and it's setting. Gaslight for the 21st century.
I bought this book because it was the selection of my book club, so I didn't really have a choice. Once I picked it up, however, I couldn't put it down. The plot is twisted and kept me on my toes. I tend to guess endings, so I liked that this one wasn't super easy to figure out. I plan on reading more books by this author.
This was the first book I read by Gillian Flynn. It was the first book I have read in a long time that really brought the characters to life for me. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and could not wait to read more by her. I was not disappointed. I have read all of her books now and am waiting impatiently for another.
This book is so twisted yet shows us how ""love"" can destroy some of us.  I could not put it down.  If I try to talk about the plot I might just spoil it for you. It is a not to be missed book.  You will not admire any of the characters and the end leaves searching your imagination for the final stages of this ""greek"" tale.
The only negative about this book is that it had to end. Gillian Flynn's unique story of love, hatred and suspense captures you from the beginning and stays with you long after the last page has turned. Bravo Miss Flynn. More ""Amazing Amy"" and Nick PLEASE!
Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer. Her vivid details and twisted storyline keep the pages turning the minute you open the book. HIGHLY recommended mystery thriller. Read her other books: dark places and sharp objects. Keep writing Gillian you are AWESOME.
I insisted I read the book before watching the movie and I'm glad I did. Though the movie is great, of course, the book is much more detailed. My friends who saw the movie first didn't understand my disappointment with the movie until they read the book. Now that I've seen the movie, I want to go back and reread the book.
If you're looking for something with unexpected twists and turns, then read Gone Girl, because you think you have it figured out until you don't. I never found a book that could make me so emotionally invested.To be honest, It's a phenomenal read and Flynn is truly a one of a kind writer, a real master of the craft.
After seeing the movie, I was intrigued on how the book would be different--surprisingly the book-to-film adaptation was very close! Instead of making that a boring read (because there are SO MANY twists in the plot), it was riveting to dive deeper into the characters thoughts. I would recommend this to any mature person.
I typically do not read books of this genre, however I heard how great it was and decided to give it a try. I am so happy that I did. This book has so many twists and turns and keeps you engaged all the way through. I don't know that I will see the new movie because the book was so great; it will be hard to do it justice.
This is the first work I have read by Gillian Flynn, and it will not be my last.  I liked the style of reading a he said, she said, and it was very clear whom was talking and when they were in the story line.  Nice to put the pieces together in that order.  It was captivating up until the very end.  It kept me captivated.
this book is so utterly twisted and messed up.  i read it in one weekend, and the only reason it took that long was because i had to work.  most people i know hated the ended, but i thought it was absolutely perfect.  perfectly f*#%ed up, but perfect nonetheless.  cant wait to see the movie.  a sequel would be to die for.
Wow! Gillian Flynn does it again! I could not wait to start reading on my lunch breaks and after work. She sharpens her ominous writing skills with this excellent page turning addition to her resume!! I hope the movie will do this book justice!! Definite read if you like mystery and suspense.... with a dash of.... romance
This book had a lot of twist and turns in it that I never saw coming.  In the beginning it was a little slow, but after the first few chapters it really takes off and holds your interest.  This is the first book I have ready by Gillian Flynn, and I plan to read more of her books after reading Gone Girl.Diane Burdorf
So glad I chose to read this book.  I was actually unaware of the plot - just picked it because I heard everyone talking about it.  I was glued to the book from the first pages.  Great suspense and full of twists and turns.  I was a little disappointed with the ending - but not enough to not recommend this book to others!
I read a ton of police procedural mysteries and thought this was one.  It is not but was a very enjoyable book to read.  Lots of twists and turns.  After reading this I also read Gillian Flynn's other two books.  Also very good.  Gone Girl was surprisingly funny in parts so it was a nice change from straight up mysteries.
I really recommend reading the book prior to watching the movie..1. to get the unspoiled affect of the book and 2. the movie seems rather confusing times unless you read the book first, which explains things in much greater detail, which explains things that otherwise can go unnoticed or not fully understood in the movie
So I'm only just starting this book, I'm up to the part where Amy goes missing (not a spoiler) and I'm SO glad I got this book! The style of writing and use of descriptive words is mind blowing to me. It keeps you interested and not bored or confused. It's satisfying and inspiring. I would recommend it to any book lover.
This is not your normal story of the troubles of a young married couple. The story is fascinating as it slowly peels back the relationship to a sinister but somehow believable core and then puts together a future which would have been outrageous at the beginning of the tale. You won't forget this story soon, maybe never.
This one actually lives up to the hype. I put off reading it because I hate being let down when a novel doesn't live up to all the excitement surrounding it. I did not see the twists coming in this story. Once I got invested in the characters I couldn't put it down. A slow start but once the plot got moving a great read!
The author's subtle manipulation of the characters was masterfully done. I would begin to dislike a character, only to realize a few chapters later that I'd been mistaken in my judgement,  then after another chapter or so, my opinion may change again. This story had more twists and turns than a cool ride at Disney World.
What a gem this book is! This was the first book I read by her and I absolutely loved it. I have recommended it to many people. It is going to be made into a movie and I look forward to seeing it. I loved the back and forth storytelling and the way the two parts merged at the end. Quite possibly my favorite book of 2012.
Oh what a book...Amazing ;) it was indeed the addictive thriller  it claimed to be in the beginning....I so felt Amy and Nick the real protagonists that they were...simply marvellous....love the writing style...Oh am a fan of it...Will go ahead and watch the movie now..to see how the thing has been adapted...thumbs up..
What an intricate journey through the minds of two people who were everything the other person wanted, until it was time to be themselves. This book was a roller coaster! A must read. I saw the movie first, which I have never done. I am big on reading the book and then seeing the movie. I must say I really enjoyed both!
Disregard the naysayers who criticize the ending. This book is a grabber from page one. So it's fiction--so what? It provides an escape from the mundane. What a ride! Brilliant and enthralling. It's deeper than you think. Its truth is unpleasantly the truth. Run--don't walk--to buy this book. It's a present to yourself.
Every time I thought I had the plot figured out, it took another turn.  The story is written in alternating point of views from the two main characters - this is the only book I've read where I've skipped a chapter (character) to see what was going to happen next!  Pure roller coaster of a book that I couldn't put down!
after observing another book i previously read on the show ""orange is the new black"" - i also saw Gone Girl, read the reviews and finally, just bought it!  it was great!  the format is unique and the story is very interesting.  read it quickly in less than a week because it really brings you in.  lots of twists!
This book was totally different than any book I had ever read.  There was so much drive to find out what happened, then you add some crazy twists, and you just can't put it down.  By the end, I disliked both characters immensely, but I still liked the book, which sounds crazy  It is definitely a book you will remember..
This book was on the bestseller list for 20+ weeks for a reason! This book is great, there are plenty of twists and a fabulous storyline that keeps you hanging on for more. Even after it was over, I was like, no, it can't be over, I need more! The writing is sound, with different perspectives, and I absolutely loved it!
The way the book is written and how the chapters hop between the husband and wife is addicting. I wanted to keep reading because there were two stories progressing and I was torn between ""Grieving Husband"" and ""Dead Girl."" As the story unfolds the clear cut lines between who is good, bad and crazy blur.
ONE OF THE MOST WELL WRITTEN BOOKS I HAVE EVER READ! Gillian Flynn thought of everything when writing this book! (So much so that I would be terrified if I were married to her!) Was slightly predictable... but then had an ending that I never would have chosen. Very good and terrifying--you won't be able to put it down.
I bought this for my roommate (a girl! ewww!) at her request. She loved it, but like me, we both thought there was too much filler. I hate filler! Give me a Michael Connely novel for pure, unadulterated thrills and clever plots. Who cares how beautiful the mountains were, how blue the ocean was? Filler, filler, filler.
This book will keep you guessing!  I usually don't like thrillers because I don't care about the characters.  This book is different.  I was immediately pulled into the story and couldn't put it down.  It's pretty light and a good beach read.  It's not a terribly complex story, but it is a satisfying and a unique book.
I wondered why this book had been on the bestseller list for so long so decided to try it. I can understand now. Very different plot and her style of writing is so full of unusual imagery. I am also now reading her previous books. I recommend all of them especially if you enjoy getting into the heads of the characters.
This book was amazing. It was insane and unpredictable and un-put-downable. I opened it to read a few chapters before bed and stayed up until my eyes were too tired to focus, then picked it right back up the next day. I will definitely be picking up her other books, this is far from the dull mysteries I've read before.
Full of strong character development, the trail running nature of the plot carries the characters around twists and bends that shock both the reader and each character. Give it a read. It's more than a ""girl book"". It's a commentary on modernity and the relationship between people, social media and technology.
This was a greAt book.  There was never a time while reading it that it didn't hold my interest.  Just when you thought you knew whAt was going to happen it would take another twist.Never read a book  by this author  but I can't wIat to read him again if this is any indication of the quality of his writing
Great book, funny and smart. With lots of twists, unpredictable ending (really, you'd never guess how it ends even after the first half, believe me on that). It just soaks you in. And I'm not a big thriller fun, quite opposite. I'd never go for thriller normally, its a bit shallow.  But not this one. Totally worth it!
Great plot, intriguing characters, fantastic twists.  My new favorite novel - I'll read more of her work.  Some people were disappointed in the ending.  I understand their point; I originally wanted it to turn out differently.  But upon reading I felt it was better, and more poetic, the way it was written.  Well done.
At last, I've read Gone Girl and I see what all the buzz is about.  I absolutely couldn't put it down. Masterfully manipulating. Wonderfully complex characters.  Plot twists that will keep you off guard until the very end.  Be sure you don't have to get up early the next morning once you start it!  It's a page-turner!
'Gone Girl' is a mystery that will have the reader in suspense till the end and beyond. With each twist and turn of the story, it is hard to tell which character is the 'good guy' or the 'bad guy'.  The story will keep the reader thinking about the characters and about marriage relationships long after the story ends.
My daughter recommended this book and I am so glad that I read it.  At first I had trouble getting in to it, but once I started I could hardly put it down.  It was fun to read and try to figure out the ""who done it"" part.  I would definitely recommend this book to any one who enjoys a mystery with many turns.
I could argue on points that this, Flynn's great breakthrough novel, was not as well done as her first two. I don't believe in arguing on points. This novel is at once more popular, more profound, and ten times more fun, and the novel's villain is a pulp character on the level of Hannibal Lecter and Lisbeth Salander.
Made my mouth drop. This book got me emotionally involved. I loved the twists and turns. I tried to give 4.5. B/c the ending was not what I'd expect when the entire read was so intense. But it's kind of an open ending book, so hopefully there's a sequel. I had a hard time putting this book down. Definitely recommend.
Captivating! I love the way Gillian writes. Caught myself laughing and gasping and trying to second guess. The ending is different. But then, so is the entire book. I found myself wondering how I felt about all of the characters. If you like engrossing mystery, you'll like this book. Read it before you see the movie.
This book was a well-written glimpse into the twisted world of two messed up people. I spent the first half of the book wondering what was going on and the second half wondering how such a wonderful plot twist would conclude. By the end of the book I decided I didn't like either of these people but loved their story.
Fantastic book. This book held my interest from the very beginning. Interesting character development which continued to change your perception of who these people ere throughout the book. Even strong character development in all of the minor characters.What can I say but Great story and interesting characters.
WOW! This story blew me away. I thought it was a love story, but then it turned into a big horror story, and after awhile,  I didn't know what to think about the characters. Who was good, who was bad, who to like, who to trust, who to hate. Good book to discuss at your next book club reading. Lots to talk about here.
I thought that this novel would be a dark and twisty thriller, but it goes much deeper than that! It is psychological and thrilling, yes, but also deeply entertaining and explorative of the things that motivate people. I think everyone can relate with both Nick and Amy, and that's what makes this novel so engrossing.
After a difficult start (I found it hard to get into this book at first) I was soon swept away and could not stop. Gone Girl is such a clever mix of love, deceit and cunning that you can't help but keep reading. I couldn't put this book down in he end. Can't wait for the movie...Ben Affleck as Nick is simply Perfect!
As a mystery book afficiando, I found this to be one of the most perfect works of fiction ever written.  Just when you think you have it figured out, everything changes.........and changes again..........and changes again. I would encourage readers of any type of fiction to give this book a try.  They won't be sorry.
My book club choose this book and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the writing.  The characters are well developed through first person accounts while the action has many twists.  Just when you think you have solved the mystery, the author tweaks the plot.  Interesting- will keep you thinking as you read.
I haven't been this enthralled with a book in years. I loved the disastrously warped and witty characters who constantly surprised me. I'm still shocked and delighted by every train wreck twist. This novel is a must-read for those looking for an intelligent, shocking mystery that hugs the dark side of the human mind.
This is an exciting, chilling portrait of a marriage and a good character study of the husband and wife.  I found this book compelling and a great read.  Gillian Flynn is a gifted writer who paints a vibrant story that keeps you glued to the book until the very end.  Don't try to second guess her - it can't be done!
Gone Girl is compelling. It's not an easy read, but it is brilliantly constructed. The characters are so well drawn that I feel I know them. I dislike Amy intensely and wish something bad would happen to her. I want Nick to be a real hero. But what we get is the story of te complicated lives of 2 flawed individuals.
I couldn't put it down.  To me, that is the ultimate compliment when a friend recommends a book.  This is what I was told by several people, on separate occasions.  And it turned out to be the same for me.  I was intrigued from the beginning, and did not want the story to end.  Highly recommend if you love suspense.
I've been burned many times by critics who love a book and I when I read it, I hate it.  Not this time.  I finished this book in a weekend (on little sleep mind you).  Great plot, so many twists and turns.  The ending caught me completely off guard.  I recommend this book to anyone who loves a good mystery/thriller.
This is such an interesting book.  So many crazy things going on you must wonder how the author came up with this type of a story.  They say that a little bit of the author may be in each character they write -- makes you wonder what type of person G. Flynn is in person!  I would be thrilled to try her other novels.
I think this is a pretty good story.  I say that because it was fun to read and is a different sort of story, which are two aspects of a book that I look for.  While it was cunningly crafted, I don't feel better for having read it. I had high hopes based on recommendations, but left mostly feeling glad it was over.
I won't give away any details, but I can honestly say I really enjoyed the twist to this book. There is great character development, the plot is set up very nicely and the irony, oh the irony! If you're looking for a book where you're still thinking about the plot hours after you are done reading, this is the book.
OMGoodness! This book...wow, this book. It's a rollercoaster of a ride that's for sure. You connect sooo much with both sides. At points in the book, you think, no way he really done it, then you think okay so she's setting him up, no maybe the mistress did it, or was it Nick's dad?? A great read to the VERY end...
I'm not a huge reader, but do enjoy a book that captures my attention, leaves me thinking about it all day, and prevents me from getting anything else down because I can't put it done. This is that book. Totally captivating, well written, and filled with cliffhangers at the end of each chapter. Well worth the read!
I really enjoyed this dark and twisty book. I felt that reviews of the controversial ending were exaggerated. It was not an expected ending and thats part of what I really liked about it. I walked away thinking how messed up it was. Truly a very good author, I thoroughly enjoyed the twists and couldn't put it down.
I loved this book and it kept me turning pages and guessing until the very end!  I woke up in the morning anxious to start reading because I couldn't WAIT to see what happened.  This is the first time in my life that I have actually spent a day doing nothing but reading!!  I couldn't WAIT to see what happened next!
After seeing the film - I HAD to read the book. I was especially interested because the book goes beyond the time frame of the movie. I'm not quite finished reading, but I will definitely read more of Gillian Flynn's work. I like the flow of her writing and her humor. This is an intelligent and well crafted novel.
Great page turner--I couldn't put the book down!  Saw the movie after I read the book and would suggest the same for others.  The book fills you in on lots of back story that the movie does not include and enhances the twisted nature of their relationship  as a couple and with their respective families.  Loved it!
loved this  book....not because it was uplifting and positive. because it was such an interesting read.... let you really see inside the minds of the main characters how they lived, but ultimately what they thought...  kept me interested the entire book.. couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next!  crazy!
What a book!!  A real page turner!!  A new twist at just about every new chapter. This book was well written.  One of the best books I've read in a long time. Can't wait for the movie to see how they put this together. I definitely recommend reading this very psychological phenomena!  Makes u think why?  Why? Why?
This is one of the most original books I've ever read! The characters warrant little sympathy but are utterly compelling. I never guessed at the twists and turns that it takes and I loved the surprises. Gillian Flynn is my new favourite author and I hope the movie adaption of ""Gone Girl"" does this justice.
I am sitting here as the end of the book comes wanting more! I will read more books by this author if they are as compelling and as difficult to put down as the story of Amy and Nick.  I can see why it spent so much time on the best-selling book list.  You just have to read this book if you enjoy diabolical women!
I gave this a high rating because it was well written and very clever - I never guessed where it was going.  I was gripped by the clever twists and turns.  I think most married partners may see a glimpse of themselves  in the psychological personality traits presented.  Great character development - riviting plot.
I loved this!!  I listened to it while driving cross country to a wedding.  In conversation with several at the wedding, I found out one individual went to school with Gillian and another knew her uncle!  But aside from the Six Degrees ......  This story kept me guessing the entire time.  And I loved the readers!!
Excellent book! Once I started reading it I couldn't put it down! The story is so well written that you are amazed by the twists and turns. The best news is that the author also wrote the screenplay for the movie. So many times the book is much better than the movie, this is one that will prove that theory wrong.
The point of view for this story alternates between Amy and her husband Nick, outlining the totally different perspectives that two people have even within their own relationship.There are lots of twists and turns in the plot and even up until the very end, I didn't know how it would play out.So good!
All the twists and turns in the plot had me struggling to put this book down.  Characters were well developed, and just when you started feeling sorry for, or frustrated by one of them, the author changed direction and had you reconsidering.  The ending left me wanting more though... maybe there will be a sequel?
This was book selection for my book club for the month of February. I was maybe 1/3 into reading it before it really got my attention. If you like mind blowing twists and turns, from a couple of married lunatics,this will keep you well entertained!  From murder to malice and all in between you will love the book.
I enjoyed reading this book, it was intriging from beginning to end. Although I would have liked for the end to be different, it is still as haunting as the book itself. The author does a great job of developing characters which I'm not going to describe to you as to NOT give anything away. I highly recommend it!
Thoughtful, thrilling, creative, grabbing, strong writing, interesting in every way a book can be.  Don't miss this one.  You will love it.  It has everything a reader can hope for.  It may even have you wondering about those near to you.--Mark Reps, author, ZEB HANKS: Small Town Sheriff; Big Time Trouble series
Read the book, saw the movie, and am reading the book again!  It has to become a classic!  And how such a young author has dredged up these characters in such an awesome mystery is sheer magic!  Two (but only 2 of many!) thought the characters too 'weird' but that's part of the entire thing!  It's just so great!
It caught me from the beginning. However, I did figure it out. I was disappointed that Amy didn't have to pay for her crimes. I found Nick very likeable even though I didn't like his cheating. I read it on the recommendation of a friend. The movie is out now and I wanted to read the book before seeing the movie.
I'm typically not a person who reads suspenseful books, I would prefer the rom-com types but this book is awesome.  I'm glad that I stepped out of my comfort zone and if you're someone who doesn't typically read suspense I recommend starting with this one.  Gillian Flynn did a great job of surprising the reader.
I don't often give out five stars, but to find myself so engrossed in a love story that suddenly turns in on itself and morphs into something new and twisted, yet believable was a real surprise.  This author has the ability to write about clever people capable of extended mind games. This was a real find. Enjoy!
I love a novel that grabs me and pulls me in.  I love to read, but I don't always find a novel that I just can't put down.  I resisted reading this one for a long time because I tend to not love popular fiction.  As soon as I finished this one, I had to read Dark Places by the same author.  She's very talented.
Wow, this book has all kinds of twists and turns which leave you wondering what is around the next curve. Almost impossible to put down, the author is a master of developing one plot, then cleverly weaving it into area with new characters and tying them all together.This is a read that I would highly recommend.
I loved this book! I chose to not research anything about it prior to reading and so glad I did! I wasnt sure what to expect and it kept that feeling from page 1 to the end. Be prepared to fall in love with characters, hate them, and then love them again. I cant wait to see how they will turn this into a movie!
I never read this genre, but the reviews were so good that I felt obligated to give it a go. Given that the film is in production, I knew it was going to be interesting. Not disappointed, this book is the perfect combination of intrigue and literally jaw-dropping moments. It is now 2am, and I can sleep finally.
I was not able to put this book down at all!!!! So many twists and turns i didn't know what to believe. I really liked Nick and felt horrible on how played he really was in the end. At the same time Amy just blew my mind away! If you want a book that keeps you on the edge of your seat this would be one of them!
You will read this book so quickly (because you have to know what happens next) that when you finish, it just leaves you wanting more.  So great!  Thanks to my sisters for looking at me like I was insane when I told them I hadn't read it yet, I went and downloaded it immediately. So glad I did.  You will be too
I couldn't get enough of this book!  Loved the twists and turns.  It takes a lot to keep my interest and this one I could not put down.  Took it on a cruise and couldn't wait to get back to my room to read it! :) LOL!  I guess I could've saved some money on the cruise and just lounged at my pool with this book!
I totally enjoyed reading this fascinating book.  It is different than anything else I have read recently, unusual story and well-written.  A very complicated, twisted love story.  Reviews I read by other people indicated they were disappointed with the ending, but I thought the ending was perfect for the book.
This book touches on so many emotions; love, hate, terror, manipulation, revenge, lust, justification, presumption. It is a puzzle within a puzzle, not a traditional who-done it. The ending was a surprise, and after I reflected on it a while, a good one, because it could spawn another great story from this one.
I thought Gone Girl was an extremely creatively written book.  There were many unexpected twists and turns.  The ending was truly a surprise.  I read most evenings and I found that I couldn't put this one down.  I have recommended it to all my friends.  I think it would be a great book club book for discussion.
This was a ""can't put it down"" book.  It was extremely well written. Full of twists and turns....Very suspenseful and surprising. Ms. Flynn makes you hate and then love the characters and then hate again! A must read for those who love suspense!
I SAW the movie and I thought that the book will provide a wider view of the characters. I enjoyed it very much and cannot wait to see what happens to Nick or for better words what is going to happen to AmyWill be waiting for the sequelMario MP S. The ending is not realistic but it allows for a continuation
Very suspenseful with lots of twists and turns. I liked the alternating chapters of the two characters with their different perspectives and revelations, motives and memories. Two very disfunctional and vindictive but intelligent individuals in a literal 'battle to the death'... Quite disturbing but compelling
I wanted to read the book before seeing the movie.  The story is one surprise after another, and until the last page, you can't possibly anticipate what is going to happen next.  If you are one of those readers who can't wait to find out the ending and reads the last chapter before you've read the rest, DON'T.
Fun, easy to-read novel with plenty of plot twists and turns.  I don't read a lot of mystery/suspense novels any more because most are either predictable  or poorly written, but this novel is an exception.  It is terribly clever, well written and just about anyone will fly through the pages.  Highly recommend.
It's the middle of the night right now - I honestly couldn't put it down.What a story, and beautifully written! I feel even now as if I was the public that they were talking to, believing one story, then switched completely and believing the other. I enjoyed it immensely and am sorry it had to end!
Up to about the 20% complete point I really didn't know if I was going to finish or not but it turned around and I can honestly say it's one of the best books I've read in a very long time! I didn't see the ending coming at all [I hate when I can], it really is an outstanding book, I'm just sorry I'm finished!
I almost never read this genre of book & may not have chosen this even with its popularity. But, my book club chose this & I'm so glad!It's really wicked and well written. I loved it & was surprised over & over. It never lagged, always moving, moving. Thanks for writing this very entertaining read!
I cannot stress strongly enough how well written, detailed & amazing character developments as well as shocking plot twists.  I read nightly & can usually devour a book a day. I read this in three days but went without sleep for two of them.  Do yourself a favor and read this book!  Ms. Flynn is truly gifted.
I literally just finished reading this book and even though I would flip back and re-read things to make sure I wasn't missing something, I'm just at a complete loss. I feel like I've been riding some Gforce type roller coaster all day. My head hurts. BUT I enjoyed the ride so much, I'm getting back in line..
SUCH A GREAT BOOK!!! I could not put it down. All I wanted to do was read more, find out more, know more... Each time it just kept my mind twisting in knots. Once you have an idea of each character in your mind, something else happens to shake it all up and make you reassess what you thought you already knew.
I could not put this book down. It's twists and turns had me staying up late to read a little more. The characters are complex and after falling in love with them, hating them and falling in love with them again I wish there were a sequel. The angle of this novel is not like any I'd read before. Amazing read.
read the book after you see the movie. so much of the book was left out of the movie, and to really get a clear view of how insane this woman is, you need to read the book. Lots of twists. Great book. I read it before the movie, however, so for me, the movie was just lacking so much, it was hard to enjoy it.
WOW, what a ride!  This book is definitely worth the hype it is currently receiving.  So many twists and things you never see coming, which is what I love to read.  Hate plots you see coming from miles away.  This is one of those books you can't put down and are sorry to reach the end of.  Love, love, love!!
This story line is so crazy, I have to wonder if the author is just as crazy, ha!  Seriously, I was not impressed for the first 1/2 of the book, but exactly at the half-way point, that's where everything that you thought you were reading suddenly changes - completely!  This book is quite a ride!  Great book.
Not your every day story in not your every day format. Extremely easy to read with plenty of ""twists and turns"". The characters are extremely well developed and Flynn really has a strong grip on human psyche and relationships in the modern world. Definitely a compelling book that shouldn't be missed!
Wow is my first thought. I know people in marriage are at times in love and in hate. But this story shows how demented that bond can be. There are so many really mentally screwed up relationships that it makes me wonder why we even try. Is that how evil we all are? If so what is the reason for our existence?
after reading the book I saw the movie.  WOW the kept to the book well and I've got others reading the book too.  can't wait for the next phase of there lives.  She will probably have a daughter, and start teaching her to be manical or will he step in and try to keep the daughter on the straight and narrow?
Loved just about everything about this week. Although the plot was surprising and gripping I was most moved by the realistic interactions between the two main characters. What really goes into a long term relationship, what makes them survive (both good and bad). An excellent read and very hard to put down.
I could not put this book down!!!  Like others, I was somewhat disappointed in the ending but not by what happens.  It just ended too abruptly for me.  I turned the page and was surprised to see it had ended.  I thought, ""That's it?!""  The end wasn't bad enough to ruin the whole book for me, though.
Gone Girl is my favorite book of all time! The way this book is written will capture your attention from the get go and become an addiction until you are finished and then it will resonate with you for days and even weeks and months. Still when someone tells me they are reading it I get so excited for them!
Loved the plot-different...it would twist and take a different direction at just the right time. I also like the character development of both the  husband and the wife. You could see how they got to the point they were at by the author's slow build on their personalities. Good beach read or any other time!
This is a superbly written book. When Amy goes missing from the family home the police naturally think Nick is guilty. Is he?Read the book, find out for yourselfI loved it because it was continually unexpected - I am very good at guessing plots and this one kept me wondering.Even now
A page-turner, even on the very last page! Flynn kept me guessing the whole way through, and brilliantly built suspense. I was constantly surprised by each turn of events. Although I didn't love the way it ended, I also would have been at a loss to come up with something better, so even that was a surprise.
This book kept my interest and had me thinking about the characters and plot even when I wasn't reading & that has not happened in a long time.  It had a lot of twist and turns that kept me second-guessing the direction of the story.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and plan on reading more by Gillian Flynn.
This book was amazingly well told. It keeps you turning page after page. Each new twist has you gasping and wanting to know why. You get so wrapped up in their lives, you can't help but think you are there with them...experiencing their lives as your own. It's been awhile since I've enjoyed reading so much!
If Gone Girl were a piece of gym equipment, I'd have a broken back.  I went from feeling sorry for Nick, feeling sorry for Amy, then all the stuff in between.  I could not put this book down.  So many twists and turns and I'd find myself yelling out loud!  ""NO WAY!""  Glad it's over.  I'm exhausted!
This has to be the most deliciously messed up story I have ever had the privilege of reading in my 50 years on this planet! Could not put it down once I got halfway through and of course I finish it at almost 3 in the morning. This storylines that marriage, like insanity, is indeed a path to a institution.
The beginning was a bit slow, but after a couple chapters the story line started to build. Gillian has a way of adding depth to her characters that adds to the suspense and darkness of the story line. I can't wait to see the movie. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes murder and suspense novels.
Who did what to whom?  Don't want to give away the plot, but this book will take you through a marriage that (like most marriages) is an E-Ticket ride.  I definitely kept turning the pages till the end -- had to see how Gillian Flynn ended the book.  At times you don't know who to root for and who to hate.
This book was great. The constant twists and turns never really allowing you to know what's going to happen next. I see a lot of people complaining about the ending but I like the ending. It's not your convenitonal story and not everything will go the way you want, which is pretty reflective of real life!
I recommend this book to anyone or couple. It'll make you think twice about taking advantage of your spouse, whether male or female. I'd they put their mind to it, beware. Good story though and well put together. Do right, because you never know what you are doing to that other person. Once they go bad...
This is Wonderfully suspense filled "" who done if"" I kept vacillating between who I wanted to bond with, the suspect husband or the ""victim"" wife.  I suspected 3 other characters besides the usual husband.  My spouse read it after I fid and found it addicting.  Can't wait to see the movie!
The book is so much richer than the movie (but I did enjoy the film). Flynn pulls readers into her story from the first page. I don't do reviews that have spoilers. Read this book and I guarantee you'll be twisted and turned every which way...and then comes the ending!  OMG. Really excellent storytelling.
Well, it was hard to put down.  But I've decided to read just so far and then wait for the movie.  I don't want to know if the husband, played by Ben Affleck, is guilty.  The movie comes out in October.  I will read the rest of the book after that...five stars because I had a tough time putting it down...
I couldn't put it down ..... A well written, beautifully constructed, well paced, highly original, suspense laden  plot ..... intelligent, well drawn characters and lots of insight into contemporary issues  including economic downturns, unemployment, social media, relationships..... A modern masterpiece !
I found out about this book after hearing about the movie. I couldn't put it down.  The author had me going but also feeling there w a  more than a simple murder. The change in th  story was awesome. Devious to the nth degree.  I love  it.  The unity between Nick and Amy is perfect. The ending is perfect.
I'm not especially use to reading mystery thriller books but a friend recommended this one and what an amazing recommendation!  A page that turner.  I just kept thinking it would turn out one way and then something else would happen.  No wonder they are making it into a movie later this year.  Great book.
I absolutely have never read a psychological thriller like this ever.  How does this author get inside the heads of her characters?  There were twists and turns I didn't see coming.  I absolutely read this book in two days only because I could not stop reading.  I had to find out what happened at the end.
I really enjoyed this book. It keeps you on the edge until the end. I did not like the ending but that is just me. The style of writing was unique and the author really gives a good description of the characters that you can picture them as they are. Keep reading, you will be in for a twist and turn ride.
I loved the unexpected twists and turns in this novel.  The last 1/3 of the book seemed to drag on a bit, but the storyline was unique and interesting enough to make up for that.  You get to know the characters better and better as you continue reading.  I'd recommend to anyone.  It's quite a page turner!
Intense, page turner. Couldn't put down.
This book has so many twists and turns you can it put it down.  You have to keep on reading to see what happens next.  You become insatiable and would rather be late for work than stop reading before you scale the next milestone.  You love the characters, you feel the despair, you read every single word.
This is one of the best books I've ever read.  The writing is lush and the pacing electric.  The characters are slowly unveiled with a ton of plot twists that I didn't see coming.My only quibble? The ending is ambiguous - I smell a sequel on the horizon which I will absolutely buy and devour.
Psycho Bitch is an excellent name for Amy.....kept me reading until I couldn't keep my eyes open to see what crazy stunt she was going to pull next. I know that Ben Affleck is playing Nick in the movie...couldn't help but picture him going through the motions and realizations that Amy instilled upon him.
This book is one of the best I've read in a very long time. I'm a writer myself, and have been disappointed by much that I've read lately. This book hooked me from Page One and didn't let up until the very end. I highly recommend it for anyone who loves great fiction mixed with a healthy dose of mystery.
As a rule, I tend to avoide psychological thrillers. Unfortunately, Gone Girl kept coming up in conversations with people and when I finally read it, I loved it! It's really well written, has a clever plot and kept surprising me. Well done, Gillian Flynn - I'll be looking for more from you in the future!
This book is a great one, not really a thriller per se but reads like one. You can't wait to keep reading on and find out what is going to happen - where are these characters taking you ? It's almost crazy in its premise but such a great read ! Make sure you have uninterrupted time to really get into it.
This is a book you will not be able to put down once you start it. All kinds of twists and turns and once you think you have figured the mystery out...surprise. It keeps going until the very end. This is an exceptional book and if you are contemplating reading it you should definitely start now. 5 stars!
This was a great read.  I was intriqued by the story and couldn't put it down.  It was definitely a good mystery, and I was surprised by some of the twists.  This was the first book I've read of this author's (selected by the book club that I'm in), and I look forward to reading her other novels as well.
I really enjoyed this book !Reading it was like running down a hill,you just can't quit reading !I loved the way it is written ,so light and breezy and so complicated at the same time.You really feel as if you know the characters and there are so many twists and turns.Read this book,you will have a blast
This was, by far, one of the best novels I've read in a long time.  Just when you think you know what's going on, it changes.  Then, when you think you know what's going on, it changes again!  I loved it and am recommending it to everyone!
Every now and then, you pick up a book and you find magic inside.  You're expecting a good, solid story but within the first few chapters you know that this book, this story has that almost indefinable quality that tells you that you might as well settle in because this story is not going to let you go.
It was excellent all the way through. I am a voracious reader and it was one of the best books I have read in quite a while. If I could put exclamation marks here, I would put 5. I am so glad I signed up with Kindle because you not only have all my favorite authors, but I am always looking for new ones.
I was immediately sucked in by Amy's journaling. The description of ""the cool girl"" is worth the reading of this intriguing mystery. It forces one to examine the truthfulness of any relationship including the relationship with ourselves.  And then, the next thing you know, you challenge your own sanity.
Give it a few pages... I actually stopped this book about 25% of the way in because i got bored .. But then I went back to it and BAM!! I was sucked in! I never write reviews , but I had to for this one, I loved it. If you get distracted, muddle through, you won't regret it! Yikes what a roller coaster!
This story pulled me in from the first page and kept me thinking about it even when I wasn't reading it. The twists are shocking and the end, while a little disappointing, is perfectly creepy and doesn't sit right with you. Kind of like the rest of the book, it's just ""off"" in all the right ways
At first it seemed like just an average suspense story. But once it got going, it took off. Just when you think you got it figured out, there's a twist and a turn that throws you back to square one. This is one of the few books I did not want to put down. Can't wait for Gillian Flynn's next one. Sequel?
Loved the twists and turns! If you are a fan of mysteries or just enjoy some psychological thrillers: read this! I found myself choosing sides then switching sides, then getting upset that I trusted the characters lol. You know its a good book when you get so involved and feel like you were tricked. :-)
this is book for people who love to read.  i dont mean a nice packaged story i mean really read.  you cant skim pages and the plot unfolds and unfolds and unfolds... you have no favourites - no heroines - no heroes - you just have a gripping, interesting, surprising and at times darkly funny read.  it is very ""wordy"" with great descriptions and intricate plots that weave themselves along.ive read dark places and also thoroughly enjoyed it. i was expecting this to be in a similar vein but its very fresh and new and a different kind of plot... its a modern day war of the roses with serious psychological warfare and the portrayal of the characters was brilliant. This must have taken a very long time to put together - with all the nuances and plots within plots nothing was forgotten, everything tied together eventually - she didnt miss a trick.gillian you are just what the market needs right now.. so many authors are churning out these neatly packaged one or two twists books that you sometimes feel you are reading the same story with the names and places changed and I feel patronised by the fact that many feel like an ABC of crime writing.  Gone Girl made me feel like the author really respects the minds of  her readers and gives a book worthy of our money and our time and i for one will be waiting very impatiently for her next book.Thank you for a brilliant story.. i loved it.
While halfway thru the story, one begins to guess the who the culprit is But then one begins to get intrigued how the culprit and real victim sort it all out. That alone kept me reading. I liked the connection to the current day news exclusives that we all are exposed to. Great book, intriguing twists.
My first Flynn book. Couldn't put it down. Totally enjoyed the twists and turns. I went from loving to hating the characters. Amy is such a study of the psycho b@#+h. She sucked me right in.  Nick was perfect passivity. What a great couple they make.  Can't wait to dive into my next Gillian Flynn book.
at the risk of sounding trite you must read this book. throughout the book I`d find myself talking out loud...no way, oh my god, you have got to be kidding me! I have told e everyone I meet, read this book. I don`t know if the movie will do the book justice but you owe it to yourself to Read This Book!
I enjoyed this book immensely.  I got a LITTLE confused as to who was saying what.  I also thought, while reading this book, it would be good if authors put a character identification at the beginning of each book.  It is hard to keep up, sometimes, as to who is who, and what their role is in the book.
Gillan Flynn did a marvelous job of character development in this novel. I felt like I got to know each person but had a hard time deciding if I liked any of them! I can understand why this novel will be developed into a movie and I suspect it will be a good one. I'm ready to read more on Flynn's work.
Craziest of it all is that I can see myself in both characters.  Not too far from what really happens In our imagination, in our daily thoughts. Perhaps the fact that we have some conscience to not go along with our darkest thoughts is what keeps us from being sociopaths... And yet we are so darn close
Are there really people with minds as twisted as Amy's? Glad I haven't encountered any of them.Sometimes you just know that your future depends on handling a certain situation exactly right. EVERY situation Nick will face in the future is that pivotal.My goodness, what a burden.
This book changed my opinion of 1st person POV. Part one took me in one direction, and then immediately in part two the rug was whipped out from under my feet. I am now reading her other novel, sharp objects.There is a reason this has lingered on the best sellers lists for so long. Read it.
I enjoyed the unexpected twists in the plot especially as presented by the stories of the different characters and how they evolved and added dramatic traits to their personalities. The best part is the extrodinary marital relationship and the way it assumed dark and obsessive hues. Highly recommended!
This is one of the best, if not the best book I have ever read. It was amazingly clever and an exelent idea. It can be a bit intense at times, but if you're 15 or over, you'll be fine.Read this book. It's up there with A Game of Thrones and The 13th Tale, both of which you should also read.
I didn't know what to expect when I started reading. I was hooked immediately and the writers character development was captivating. I kept wanting more and was constantly surprised. It's everything a book should be. I read obsessively until I finished. I'm going to read many other Gillian Flynn books.
I loved this book. It was fast paced with lots of twists and it ends entirely different than I anticipated. I enjoy when a novelist can keep you guessing for so long. Knowing what your partner in marriage is truly thinking is hard to know and this book plays on that.  Read this, you will not regret it.
I think it is one of the greatest mysteries every written.  It also is a good story about a marriage gone bad.  It is also one of the few novels that I have read where the backdrop of the novel is the economic crisis fof 2008.It truly had some original plot turns and is a real page turner.
I really enjoyed reading this book. The story held my interest and I couldn't wait to see what happened.The story follows several unique avenues and I was never quite sure where the story was going or how it was going to end. There is plenty of action throughout the book. I liked the characters.
I began to read this book without reading the subject matter first.  I hated it and loved it!-!--all at the same time.  The story was the most messed up and horrific love story I have ever read.  Anyone who likes a great police drama, love gone wrong story,  and mystery all in one will like this book.
It's here it's there it's everywhere! I read this in the sun, on vacation on st. Thomas, VI on my mini I-pad. Could have finished quicker but that wouldn't as enjoyable! All humans are a bit sinful but also forgive able- one of these protagonist is the sinner but the other IS unforgivable! Read to see
I thought this story was going to be a classic ""domestic dispute gone horribly"" but it really surprised me.  I was not very happy with the ending but I accepted it.This was the first book I read by this author and it left me wanting more so I've read her other 2 books (and enjoyed them).
I found this story to be very different from anything before.  Her style of writing is very hip and the characters in the book are very interesting, the female is someone that you love to hate. It was an easy read and very hard to put down and the ending surprised me.  Would like to read more like it.
This was the first novel I have read by Gillian Flynn and I absolutely loved it!  It keeps you guessing throughout the entire book.  Even though I finished reading it a couple days ago, I can't stop thinking about it.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for an intelligent, fast-paced read.
The characters are realistic in its imperfection the plot focuses on how a marriage can unfold into a complex framed murder.  The perfect blend of a cleverly paced plot, intricate characters and detailed writing this novel was hard to  put down once started! One of the best recent contemporary novels!
The suspense continued to build right up until the last page. It provides a rare glimpse of what can happen when the common struggles of marriage spiral uncontrollably into something completely wrong. I abosolutely love it and could not put it down. Give me more! Waiting patiently for the sequel . . .
I was way behind the Gone Girl train when I read this book, but had somehow managed to avoid any spoilers. It was an awesome thrill ride to read. I was hooked from the moment I started. Highly recommended. I'm worried if I say anything I'll give something away, so this is where I'll stop this review!
What a story!  It kept me enthralled from start to finish, and for once I didn't forsee the ending.  I haven't seen the movie because I was told it would spoil the book for me, and I'm glad I waited.  I don't think the movie could possibly be as good.  Great writing, and characters one loves to hate.
This book is very well written. I had a hard time staying engaged in the first few chapters, but one the juicy stuff started happening I couldn't put the book down! This book is definitely a MUST READ! ... I wish the ending would have been a tad different... but I still think she did a fantastic job!
This book had me hooked. I couldn't put it down or read it fast enough. I liked how the story was told from both Amy and Nick. This book had lots of twist and turns and had you wondering I'd he did or didn't. It was a great read. Now I want to see the movie to see if it's equally as good as the book.
This book got off to such a slow start I almost picked up something else. However, two off my very trusted co-readers insisted I trudge through. I have to admit I did not see the way the book was going to go, nor could I imagine where it would end up but I confess, I'm glad I went along for the ride.
The first half of the book was sometimes hard to get through. The shallowness and lack of redeeming qualities in the characters was frustrating. But it was intriguing enough to stay with it and boy what a page turner it became. And the whole first half became clearly pivotal to the story. Great book!
My mom heard about this book, and she wanted me to read it before her. I loved it! She liked it only because the book was more targeting towards my generation than hers. Both of us hated the ending. Overall, great book! I highly recommend. Couldn't put it down. No complaints on packaging or shipping.
My book club mixes up serious literature with lighter, more fun, less taxing on the brain reads.  I wasn't expecting much more than pure entertainment from this book, but was delighted with not one, but two, plot twists that took me by surprise.  This book is beautifully written, fast paced, and fun!
This was a great book.  I couldn't put it down.  Amazing writing.  There was quite a bit of bad language but it fit the character's personalities.  This book will keep you guessing until the very end.  The ending makes you wonder?????  Would love for Gillian Flynn to write ""Gone Girl  Again""!
The author does a fantastic job of taking the reader on a journey full of unexpected twists and turns.  Without exception, every person I know who has read this book has a very strong emotional reaction at the end.  Any author who has the ability to affect their readers this strongly deserves credit.
Loved the writing. The author ability to present the main characters in so many different  aspects was interesting. Very likable to disdain is not easy to accomplish, and this was done with what appeared to be great ease. I would highly recommend Gone Girl, and I will also be reading her other books.
This is the kind of book I love.When I read the subject material, I knew I wanted to read the book, but I did not expect the emotional roller coaster this book would take me on.Could not put it down. First book I bought on my Kindle. Reece Whitherspoon will be awesome as this psychopathic ""B
I saw the movie first, which I usually don't do, but both were excellent.  This was definitely a book that was hard to put down, and if I hadn't seen the movie, there were many surprises in store for the reader.  I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a ""who done it"" with a twist!
I was hooked from the beginning!  Literally, I could not put the book down. I loved the way the characters ""character"" changed throughout the story. Without giving away any details, I would have preferred a different ending. It would have been nice for the ultimate villain to be punished in the end.
I think this was the best novel in the genre of mystery and suspense. The author set up and well done to make you think at first who is this or that and so.... But the twist in the characters plot and how they behave is just well planned and thought through. I recommend this book and author as well.
I really enjoyed the book, however, I was quite put off by the abrupt end.  It seemed like the author didn't know where else to take the story, and the book just ended.  I can only think that there must be a sequel coming.  If not, it just has a very unsatisfying end and I feel disappointed by that.
Great book, but like many others I didn't like the ending.  What an intriguing story, one I really enjoyed reading. I don't want to post any spoilers, and didn't want to read any before I finished the book, so I won't say anything about the actual plot. I really wish the story had ended differently!
First novel I've read in a long time where I was surprised by the twist. I actually put the book down for a few hours until my mind adjusted to the new direction the book had taken. I highly recommend this book. I did not like the very end of the book, but I don't think I'm meant to. Enjoy the ride!
Took me about 50 pages to start liking it, then I FELL IN LOVE with this book. So much truth and insight into human nature in this book. Beautifully and smartly written. Some people are griping about the end--phooey. I'm griping that the story HAD TO END. Can't wait to read Flynn's other novels now.
This story has many twists and turns, which kept me reading until I finished.  The wife is so conniving and manipulative, her husband seems like putty in her hands.  He is no slouch, though, and they learn so much more about each other in their move to his home town.  Hope this story is all fiction!
I have been hearing great things about this book.  I ordered it on my Kindle a few nights ago and I am only ""12%"" through the book but I LOVE IT!! I actually downloaded the kindle app for my phone just so I could read this book while I was waiting for take out last night - that's dedication.
omg...ok first let me say that for me the book was very slow and confussing but i kept reading.  im so glad i did because it turned out so good.  the wife ended up  being crazier then i ever thought someone could be!  the things she thought of were scary snd insane.  great book everyone should read.
This was an excellent read!  I have a love/hate relationship with this kind of book... I love how it grabs your attention and continues to draw you in, but I hate how tired I am the next day because I wasn't able to put the book down!
The first time I read this book, I was angry and frustrated and didn't know how I felt about it. After reading it a second time through, I realized the emotions this story invoked the first time around was due to the brilliant writing of Ms. Flynn. I can't wait to read Gillian Flynn's other titles.
I truly could not quit reading until the end. I am disappointed though with the end. It probably wouldn't have work k ed but I really wanted Amy to get some form of punishment, be it legal or some hold Nick could have gotten to hold over her. I look forward to exploring future works by this author.
This book was absolutely delicious!!! I became so engrossed in the plot and characters in this book that at times I forgot to eat!!! Gillian Flynn is a mastermind who allows us into the minds of a truly psychotic couple. She reinforces that all that glitters is most certainly not gold...or is it???
First time I've read this author. Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. I was hooked from the beginning. In the back of my mind, I was worried about the ending because of the poor reviews. I don't know what they were talking about... Loved this story. From the beginning straight through the ending.
Couldn't put this reading down! It has all the suspense and all the twists that spell bind. The villain that lives in us, knowingly or not. The victim that lives in us, knowingly or not. A story out of the news but with clarity. The worst love story you couldn't walk away from, not even at the end.
A great insight on the the enabling side of a psychopath.  Spoiler Alert:  I was delightfully surprised that the wife was the true maniac, but also a little inspired by her response to her husband's affair.  I guess the old ""That'll Teach 'Em"" lesson is no laughing matter to this Gone Girl.
I read this book on recommendation of a friend who is a teacher.  Others had said it took a number of chapters to really get into the story but I was hooked after only a couple.  Just when I thought I had it figured out, there would be a totally unexpected twist.  I was totally involved to the end.
I loved this book.  It was one of the best thrillers I have read in a while.  Is the kind of book every woman should read.  It will touch home and will remind you of all the relationships you have had throughout your life.  It was very funny too.  I shared some bits and pieces with my husband.  LOL
Full of unexpected twists that make you not want to put it down until you've finished.  Would have liked a different ending, but I think the ending written was appropriate for the characters and story.  I'm curious as to how the book translates into movie form, so I guess I will go see for myself.
I am not a big reader.  Most books put me to sleep.  I read this book while I was on vacation.  It was really good.  I couldn't put it down in sometimes.  At one point I thought it was a little expected, but then it totally changed directions.  This book kept me on my toes and I really enjoyed it.
I enjoyed this book more the second time.  It had been a long time since the first read.  I didn't remember much, so was always kept on edge.  Now I'm waiting to see the movie, to see how it is handled.  This book is so well written, and the characters so well flushed out.  I enjoyed it immensely.
I thought the book was a little slow in the beginning....but wow did it pick up! It was fascinating how the story line went! I know they have made a movie from this book. I can't wait to see it....well done! I haven't done anything since getting into this story...now I can get some housework done!
This book had me turning pages as fast as I could read.  Just when I thought I had things figured out, it would take another turn.  I did not expect any of it.  The relationships seemed true and honest.  Make sure you have time when you pick it up, because it will be awhile before you put it down.
This book was one of those type of books that you just can't put down once you start reading it. I instantly was interested in figuring out what was going on. The character's were well developed, the story was intense and kept you on the edge of your seat. I would recommend this book to everyone.
Took me a while to get to this book in my library, when my wife said that she'd just seen the movie on an airplane, I knew it was time.  And I could not put it down. Unbelievably good, and as marriage and family therapist, I'd also add that it is something of a treatise on marriage, oddly enough.
This is a great book and well written. Gillian Flynn has a special talent for being able to take you into the minds of people a sick and twisted world to see how the process things.  Even after seeing the movie, I still read the book and found great value and enjoyment from it. Its a page turner!
You don't want to put this book down because you have riddles to solve and both characters' point of view to hear. You swing back and forth, trying to be sympathetic for the one talking. But nothing is as it seems and a happy ending could not be possible, even though you read on to see if it can.
What can I say about this book that hasn't already been written.  I came to it late....had been hearing and reading about it for over a year and it lived up to the hype.  I have now read all of Gillian Flynn's books and hoping her next is out soon.  Love her style and how she formats her stories.
Gone Girl is AMAZING! I could not put down this thriller. The story kept my interest and suspense with plenty of twists and turns, all along with a great storyline. I really enjoyed each chapter alternating between Nick's perspective and Amy's - it even added to the suspense. This is a must read!
This delightfully twisted tale has so many surprises even the die-hard deductor will not predict the next move.Flynn is a master at speaking with each ""voice"" and cleverly pulls our allegiance from one protaganist to the other (and back again).  It isn't pretty but it's fascinating!
I just finished Gone Girl and I am still processing it but wow!  Every time I thought I could not be shocked anymore I was.  The writing is superb and the twists and turns will have your mouth hanging open repeatedly.  The story itself is pretty dark but if you are up for it it's a great mystery.
This book is one of my favorites so far...I couldn't put it down. It has just the right amount of mystery, excitement, and sexiness without being over the top. I later saw the movie whichas pailed in comparison to this book.. this author was great and I look forward to reading more of her books.
Part character study, part thriller.  Excellent book.  The ending was a little less exciting, but if I had been the author, I don't know whether I would have ended it any differently.  I would not recommend this for people easily offended by foul language, but its a great read for everyone else.
I haven't sen the movie and don't think I will.  I was held fast all through the book even when I figured out some plot twists before they happened.  I would never have guessed the end, can't say it satisfied my sense of fair play, but it was very logical and a plausible ending.  Excellent read.
Very interesting.  Don't know who to believe; don't know who to cheer for.  A surprise ending.  A little confusing in the first three chapters, but a unique way to write a mystery.  I have heard others say they gave up reading as it was confusing.  Don't give up.  It is worth a little confusion.
What a novel!  Once you get into it you can't put it down.  It's a he-she relationship between two very self center individuals.  The twists and turn keep you changing your mind on who did what. Winter is coming, get the book and a good bottle of wine for a blizzard weekend. You won't regret it.
Amazingly written and thought out. Captivating, easy to follow and left me craving more. Growing up in Mark Twain land and now a St. Louis resident, I was in awe at how accurate her description was of the landmarks, people and overall Midwestern hospitality and culture. Well done, Gillian Flynn.
This story springs out of a context of narcissism and entitlement and almost seems logical as told. The dynamics are true to life.  Several times I caught myself asking if she was describing my perspective or that of people close to me. Nicely twisted and turned,  shaken and stirred. Great read.
We're reading this book for our book club and I liked it better than any of the books we've read in the last 2 years.  I have to say, the author had me going until the half-way point in the book!  Very intriguing,  well-written, and best of all, the author has an amazing sense for relationships.
What a interesting book. Started a bit slow and the main character is somewhat depressing .But that is why it is so intriguing. I love the British flair to it and read it with a accent. I was afraid to read this book at first because of the title. You see my brother was killed in a train crash.
This book is intense, deep and painfully honest about traps people create for each other in the relationship. Going to extreme serves very well to Gillian Flynn, who is showing the reader things that are happening in so many relationships - a way from love to hate, and backwards. And backwards.
I have never heard of this author but I will read her next book to see if she still stays good. Pleasantly surprised by this book. Well worth the money. Very different from other books where you can usually guess the outcome. Some parts were sort of unbelievable but again still worth the money.
This was purchased through Amazon audio version, and the cast was spectacular. Their performances pulled my husband and I in for two days. Great characterization, storyline, twists, and suspense. Neither one of us wanted it to end. Amazing, no wonder its still on the NY times best sellers list.
Full of surprises, twists and turns.. Leaves you guessing the whole story... A great read! I look forward to the authors next book. This one I could not put down. Exactly what I have been needing.. Something different and a story that keeps you on the edge, even till the end. Excellent! 5 stars
This is single handedly the best book I've read in years. I actually took my time reading it, but it was difficult due to it being so enthralling. Twists and turns and SUSPENSE. I know the movie won't quite compare but I'm actually looking forward to it, just to jump back into this world a bit.
There's very little doubt why David Fincher is directing the movie adaption. Writing this as I just finished and there's not much I can say without spoilers, other than it takes the topics of murder, media, and marriage and slams them on their ears. What it doesn't do is take the obvious route.
From the start this book had me entangled in its twisting, jagged plot. My mind tried to race ahead of the characters to find the next thought from both the protagonist and antagonist (although it's very hard to tell who is what) and right when I felt like I knew the next step, I came up short.
I was instantly drawn in to the story.  I do love a good mystery!  Ms. Flynn does an amazing job developing the characters.  Do you love them? Do you hate them?  I adored the surprise twists.  Did not see them coming!  I highly recommend this novel to fans who like a book they can not put down!
Gillian Flynn really did a great job with this book. Gone Girl is multi-layered, and has excellent character development, which is really important to make us feel emotionally invested. I wish I could find more books like this that really keep me thinking critically about every page. Wonderful!
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  The author engrossed the reader by the continuous plots and turns. There have been some complaints about the ending...but I found it fabulously justified.  Both characters have serious flaws so the ending is very realistic ...loved it !
This was a fantastic book.  It was recommended by a friend and was a wonderful read.  I escaped into this novel andwas surprised by the ending, which is not usual.  I am an avid fan of detective, mystery novels and true crime and enjoyfiguring them out.  I recommend this one highly!
I loved Gone Girl! It's a twisted, back and forth love/hate kind of relationship. I found myself being torn between being hopeful and being mad. It was honestly one of the best books I've ever read. I never knew what was true and what was going to happen next. I definitely recommend this book!
How did Ms Flynn invent such an intricately insane story? Well, my hat is off to her. I haven't been so intrigued with a book in such a long time.  There was no question that it earns five stars. I would recommend it to anyone who  enjoys a really smart, unusual mystery that keeps on twisting.
loved this book and the two main characters so strong and you want to keep reading to see what the outcome will be as their relationship is so strange.A very well written book with a brilliant ending (not predictable)Highly recommend this book and will look for more of her books in the future.
Gillian Flynn is my new favorite writer.  I read Gone Girl first, liked it so much I got both of her previous novels (which aren't quite as good, but still excellent, particularly Sharp Objects).  Flynn knows how to write.  And she knows how to spin a yarn.  Great reading from start to finish.
Wow, I didn't have any idea what this book was about or where it was going to head -- what a page-turner! Looking forward to seeing it come to life visually when David Fincher makes the movie with Ben Affleck as Nick and the other well-casted actresses and actors. I highly recommend this book!
Great book! It's a super easy read and I couldn't put it down. I just finished this so I haven't had a chance to think about the ending but it felt a little cut off. I would still recommend this to anyone who wants to read a great  book with twists and turns that they will never see coming!!!!
Normally I can figure out how a book is going to end after the first few chapters.  I thought I knew how this one would end, but I was completely wrong. There are so many twists; it will keep you on the edge of your seat until you are done. This book was one of the best I have read in a while.
I was so anxious to read this book as I had read several reviews.  It is certainly an ""easy read"" and the story keeps your interest with several twists and turns.I enjoyed it very much and it was the first book I have read by this author. I am likely to read her other novels now.
Gillian Flynn is definitively a breath of fresh air. Even though I am not totally satisfied with the ending, I have given it five stars because of her likeable lingo, her great storybuilding and highly believable characters (sic! - you need to read to the book to understand that reference...).
After seeing how many people did not like the ending. I found it satisfying after a great read that kept the pages turning at s rapid clip . Not the most like able characters , but flawed in a wAy that kept you wanting to know what was going to happen next . Great read and highly recommended .
This started off a bit slow I thought - I got on amazon and read the reviews twice to keep me going - then POW - omg what a ride - I have been enjoying this tremendously!  The two narrators are superb!  Have another hour or two to go and have no idea how it will end - but loving every  minute.
Nick and Amy approached their marriage in the same way most Americans do, by trying their hardest to please each other and submerging any personality traits or personal desires that might be viewed as negative. According to comedian Yakov Smirnoff, who also has a master’s degree in psychology, “Falling in love is a chemical reaction. But it wears off in a year. That’s why you need a strong line of communication… which includes laughter.” Like many couples, Nick and Amy never considered the possibility that the chemistry would change, and when it did, they checked out of their relationship without ever trying to adapt. This story is related by two supremely unreliable, self absorbed narrators, Nick and Amy themselves, who haven’t the faintest clue how to confront and resolve their problems. When they reach the end of the rope during their 5th year together, Nick plunges into a secret affair and Amy devises a diabolical way to teach her husband the lesson she believes he needs to learn.The plot of Gone Girl is a like the one in the old movie, Fatal Attraction, but Amy is a much smarter avenger than the Glenn Close character. As in Fatal Attraction, Amy has ample reason for her fury against her lying, cheating husband, which is certainly justifiable, but she goes way over the top in the way she expresses it without ever recognizing her own role in their crash and burn. Throughout the first three quarters of Gone Girl, Amy is far and away the crazy one. Then the pathology deep in Nick’s character begins to assert itself, and by the denouement, many other people undeservedly become collateral damage in their catastrophe. This is a creepy, amoral couple who clearly deserve each other. Gillian Flynn handles all this mayhem with flair and elegance. Her presentation of Nick’s take on the marriage when juxtaposed with Amy’s makes the reader wonder if she’s talking about the same relationship; there is not a breath of honesty to be found. And the suspense, which at times is agonizing, never comes to an end , not even when the book does. What starts out slowly becomes un-put-downable. Noir fiction at its best.Fatal
Gone Girl is thrilling novel that left me wondering about the lives of Nick and Amy Dunne long after the book ended.  This story has many twists and turns that I did not see coming, particularly with the type of woman Amy Dunne truly is.The end of this book was very controversial in many circles, but I loved it. The part at the very end involving Amy's comment about how she wished Nick ""really hadn't said that"" was nothing short of chilling. It was haunting and I felt it made sense when taking into account Nick and Amy's twisted relationship. Considering the evil that Amy is capable of, I imagined Nick to be too scared of Amy to attempt any retaliation or justice. To me, that would not have made any sense and it would not have been satifying as a reader. I also think that Nick felt that in some sick way, that was the kind of relationship he and Amy were meant to have and that they would always be in one another's lives. This ending worked really well from that vantage point.There were a few plot points that I didn't care for, one of which was how compelled Nick felt to stay with Amy because of the pregnancy. While I don't doubt that Amy would have kept Nick's sperm in order to have a baby to use against him later, as she demonstrated she'd go to any length to punish Nick Dunne. I don't recall much in the book, until the end, indicating that Nick was desperate to be a father. That didn't make sense to me.I also didn't love the story line with Amy living in St. Louis and how she chose to get back into Nick's life, but Gillian Flynn even made that work to me, even thought as it was happening, I thought it was slightly ridiculous.Overall a great read and kept me engaged to the very last sentence.
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL is a most important novel about America; she makes you think back to Bellow, Updike, and Didion in their primes.Disguised ingeniously and maliciously as a suspense thriller about a ""sociopath,"" GONE GIRL is the Profane Comedy of ever-more-mindless, wired-up America, no country for old (or young) loners in which being Original is a Sin and the already enormous, quickly growing Court Of Public Opinion, run by schlock media ever more expert at playing games primates play, is becoming the de facto law of the land. And even worse, the blaring herdspeak is becoming ""reality."" As to this Vanity Fair, there is no sanity there.After inevitable, sour disillusionment has set in once the hopeless dream of Flawless Romance has invariably gone bad, Flynn's ""sociopath"" concocts a perfect spousal crime in that perp's all-too-plausible quest to impose a penal continuation of ideal marriage according to Hollywood's endless succession of ""light romantic comedies"" and the rest of the relentless and business-profitable love-dream huckstering in all the other familiar venues. It's a journey into the ghastly. You might have a dark dream in which Bram Stoker rewrites ""the Bickersons.""Flynn is merciless in her disgust. Unspokenly, her savage, pitiless, resigned satire is an inspired riff on the Scott Peterson schlockfest of the previous decade, and like great jazz Flynn's story is immensely more insightful than, as well as different from, the original version. It becomes a Big Story.In Flynn's novel, the wife, Amy Elliott Dunne, disappears. Evidently she is pregnant. The husband, Nick Dunne, Must Have Done It; The Husband Is Always Guilty, isn't he? (Nick has a cleft in his chin: recall the old ditty, ""Dimple on the chin, the Devil within""; the Devil has been ""Old Nick"" for centuries; ""Dunne"" = Done). Now in their thirties, both Nick and Amy have lost their writing jobs in the ""futureland"" of Manhattan after the Internet destroys the paper-publishing business in no more than a decade. Nick's sister, Go (Margo), also in Manhattan, has also lost her job, hers having been in the Financial Sector during the Great Recession. As the novel opens, the marital magic is long gone from the marriage of Nick and Amy as they live in a ""bank-owned, recession-busted, price-reduced mansion"" in a development of largely empty houses. Nick and Go run a tavern, The Bar, which they bought with the last of Amy's trust fund.The Perfect Crime in GONE GIRL is strictly contemporary. It entails a careful, complex scheme of entrapment of the other spouse sprung by attracting and masterfully manipulating the media to create a nationally devoured melodrama played out on millions of screens through superb, unerring novelistic stand-ins for the usual suspects--I can't help thinking here of Barbara Walters, Nancy Grace, Dateline, and on and on--in which that errant spouse becomes Guilty In The Court Of Public Opinion which in turn rouses the Homo sap primates en masse which in turn makes Local Law = Politics.GONE GIRL dramatizes not the ""wisdom of crowds"" but the stupidity of crowds.GONE GIRL is an enrapturing, dismaying and spot-on Comedy of Disgust, of Species Contempt, that is finally and necessarily a drama of self-loathing, the only possible escape being the Grand Cackle--sometimes enough to bring tears of laughter to your eyes--during Flynn's inspired satire and parody.Better yet, Flynn tells her story through her two major characters, the Dunnes, neither of whom is more than a little reliable, in a tour de force of modern verisimilitude; like such masters as Faulkner and Kurosawa in, respectively, LIGHT IN AUGUST and RASHOMON, the truth comes out through somewhat dubious or at least parochial and conflicting testimony and only with the active imagination of readers or viewers who must act as jurors of sorts, sifting and weighing the direct and implicit action of the novel as well as their own reactions, especially when the tale draws to a close and the comedy has become more bitter than sweet.Apropos: in GONE GIRL there finally seems not so much an ending as the reaching of an impasse in the Love Story, a dark State of Nature in the Gender Wars, the standing of ""romance"" on its head. Flynn couldn't be more up-to-date and prophetic in step with the primatologists of today who, along with others, are rather coldly reviewing human nature and ""relationships."" In short, natural selection is hardly the perfect engineer, is it?The backdrop of GONE GIRL is drop-dead on. Flynn's wired-up America of today captures much in the Grand Surround: the Great Public has been relentlessly primed for exploitation by a comparatively small sector comprised top-to-bottom of utterly callous media schlockmeisters and their parasites such as ""celebrity defense attorneys"" and ""personality journalists,"" all of them empowered by the instantaneous ubiquity of TV and the Internet and trained by production types in turn trained by richly rewarded scientists and researchers who have demystified pop art by radically improving empirical understanding of how to manage Public Opinion: Potential concert pianists who became button pushers; no mere concert halls for them: All the world's a cage of super chimps with reliable reactions, a captive audience facing through the bars a stage upon which the schlocksters enact stupidly simpleminded dramas and then laugh all the way to the bank.The Ellen Abbott Show (might she be something of an amalgam of Nancy Grace and Greta Van Sustern?) begins the National Melodrama, attacking Nick, and the vast audience of super chimps jumps up and down through the instigated emotions: outrage, pity, anger, and so forth, but always within an instant of becoming converted groupies should the Guilty One Prove Innocent or Ask Forgiveness. Nick, condemned on all sides before entering any courtroom, hires celebrity lawyer Tanner Bolt. (Should you Google ""Tanner Bolt,"" you'll discover that it is a company specializing in anchors, which Tanner certainly does, e.g., anchors like Grace and Walters. Flynn is perhaps the first true Googler as a novelist when it comes to helping you track down allusions, understand wordplays, and similar: for example, who is ""Madeleine Elster"" and why does Amy refer to herself by that name?)To say much more here would be to commit the spoiler sin. Besides, once you've found out whodunnit and wha'happened, you'll find Flynn's fierce satirical energy underscored and thoroughly satisfying. Indeed, a second reading is most rewarding.
Generally, I think of mystery novels as pleasant, if often predictable, diversions from my ""real"" reading. Gone Girl is anything but. This is a genuine literary novel that happens to have at its center a sophisticated and highly satisfying mystery. And that makes it a mystery unlike nearly all others. The only things that come close to this brilliant novel by Gillian Flynn are the books in the Ripley series by Patricia Highsmith. I consider this high praise indeed.Although others have attempted to summarize the plot, I argue that it defies a succinct summary. That's because Gone Girl operates on multiple levels. There are the outward, observable activities that take place along a conventional time line and which on their own constitute a typical mystery. Then there are the inner motivations, feelings and attitudes of the book's two main characters: Amy and Nick, husband and wife. What goes on inside the heads of these two is difficult for the reader to discern, given that the outer evidence of their inner lives must be deciphered and pieced together in order to come to a basic understanding of what is actually happening at the novel's deeper level. Gillian Flynn is clearly a master at plotting, particularly because the characters inner lives are revealed in non-linear time, often via a diary written by Amy or through comments from some of the secondary characters.Just as Amy and Nick manipulate one another and the people around them, so Gillian Flynn manipulates her readers. She capitalizes on the expectations that we readers have developed through years of reading conventional mysteries, demonstrating that people tend to see not what is in front of them, but what they have been trained to expect. Thus, when the surprises start to unfold, we are startled into realizing that Gone Girl is not just any diversionary read. It is true literature.
This book... I don't even want to say much about it, lest I diminish one whit of discovery, painful recognition, and sheer joy over its painstaking execution.  This is an expertise in storytelling -- and respect for readers -- far, far, far beyond most writing today.  No exaggeration: This book was so good that I couldn't bear to pick up another book for weeks -- so fearful I was of ruining my recollection of its modest genius -- the taste in the mouth of my mind and heart -- and not finding anything that might match it.  It's not just the story itself that's masterful; it's the way Flynn weaves throughout her dead-on observations of male-female interactions.  I was in simple awe that one person could so well understand both sexes.  I believe it was C.S. Lewis who taught, ""Only when you can articulate something for others, can you be confident of fully understanding it yourself.""  Put that together with the adage, ""Intelligence is the ability to hold (and articulate?) two distinct ideas simultaneously,"" and you have an inkling of Ms. Flynn's broad mind, sympathetic heart -- and dangerous depth-perception. One human being shouldn't know so much!  (Honestly, I would be both thrilled and scared out of my mind to know someone like Gillian Flynn personally.  To be understood that well by another person, before even explaining oneself?  That too-nigh approaches something daemonic or God-like.)Get this book, and don't put it down even when you hate how well it describes your inner life, your partner's, and also today's Western culture.  The story itself will keep you stay around.  But great will be your reward (beyond the good yarn) if you pause often when reading, and join Ms. Flynn in reflecting on the nature of attraction, relationship and pop life.  It's a page turner -- but deliberately turn the pages slowly.  Enjoy this rich meal of writing in the guise of an tightly-woven mystery.
If I were going to write a effusive review of GONE GIRL, I might wax rhapsodic about a plot that unfolds like a Bach fugue, taking a simple theme and expanding on it, introducing variations, interweaving lines in intricate counterpoint and taking so many twists and turns I almost, but never quite, forget the tune. So melodic that I hum along even when it shifts from major to minor key and back again.I might marvel and wonder at characters imbued with so much richness and detail I feel I know them more intimately than my best friends, my spouse. Until they surprise me into realizing I don't know them any better than they know themselves. Characters who draw me in so completely that I love and hate them in turn as their stories, and psychoses, are revealed.I could effervesce over wit as dry and sharp as a desert cactus, leavening the dark, mean and nasty corners of the human mind with just enough light and warmth to keep me turning the pages and wanting more.I might even admit to lusting after Flynn's lush and lustrous prose, jaw-dropping writing that nonetheless follows Elmore Leonard's advice and never gets in the way. A facility for language that leaves me greening to write that well (yet never wishing to be her--the stuff in Flynn's head is way too scary).My books won't win any awards this year--GONE GIRL is too damn good. It certainly doesn't need a review from me to draw attention to it. And a practical review might include such things as what the book's about (read the jacket copy) and if it's okay for your teenage daughter to read (definitely not). Besides, if someone really asked me to write a review, I could do it with a single word--brilliant.1. shining brightly; sparkling  2. vivid; intense  3. very splendid or distinguished  4. having or showing keen intelligence, great talent or skill, etc. (Mirriam Webster New World Dictionary)Brilliant. That is all.
GONE GIRL by Gillian Flynn is easily one of the best books I've read in a long time. The opening act is awesome. It delivers a compelling, dramatic, suspenseful scenario that will have you taking time out of your busy day to read the novel.Up front, you should know the chapter titles give away some of the story. However, the overall structure of the book is what makes this book great. Each chapter alternates point of view, first from husband Nick, then from his wife Amy. This is a novel about a wife going missing. Chapter one begins with Nick telling about the day of. Then chapter two is Amy's diary beginning back when she first met Nick seven years ago. As we read, Flynn hooks the reader into Nick's plight as he is investigated, implicated and scorned for his suspected involvement in his wife's disappearance. But, did Nick actually have anything to do with Amy's disappearance? This is where the great writing comes through. The evidence certainly points to Nick, but enough clues are given to where we don't think he did it, yet through Amy's diary entries, we know NIck isn't that great of a guy because Amy felt threatened by him.The set up for this novel is great. The thing about a husband and wife conflict is that it really could happen to anyone. So, it's easy to imagine yourself in a relationship gone bad. Also, Flynn writes as to make the possibilities of what happened to Amy endless. Was she murdered? Did Nick do it? Was she alive? Where was she? Why did the evidence point to NIck? What was he hiding? Will they even get back together.Ultimately, once the second half of the book begins, many questions get answered. I have to give Flynn credit for the surprising twists and turns she inserts into this cat and mouse game between husband and wife. Considering the great set up in the first part of the novel, I believe the second half really holds up, and is just as good. Flynn is a really good writer and I can't wait to read her previous two novels.
I desperately needed something else to read other than articles for my dissertation.  This novel was so suspenseful and highly entertaining until I could not put it down!  The characters are well-developed and the plot laid out in a way that makes tge reader think.  I completed it in one day.
I made sure to read this book before watching the movie. I'm so glad I did. I enjoyed all of the twists and and surprises that were so much more detailed in the book. I was a bit disappointed in the ending, but it's not my story so I just rolled with it! Over all a very enjoyable read for me.
Wow!I have to admit, for the first part of the book I kept thinking, this is good, but I don't understand the hype. My view changed drastically by the end!Thoughtfully written, carefully detailed. I oscillated between loving and hating each character.Enjoy!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was well written and went back and forth from his perspective and her perspective. There were twists and turns and it really kept my interest from beginning to end. The characters were well thought out. It was one of those books that you did not want to end.
The story of a psychopathic woman intent on controlling anyone who comes in contact with her. It mainly concerns her husband who has an affair and is then comprehensively punished for this misdemeanour. The book is certainly a page turner and is thoroughly recommended.read on.....
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I read a lot of mixed reviews, especially on the ending, but I loved this book in its entirety. The ending is puzzling, just like most of the book, but it is a good ending for the story in my opinion. Very intriguing and crazy story, I definitely recommend it!!
The turns this story took were fantastic. Its been a long time since I've had such a strong reaction toward a book. I hated the ending the i have to admit the story as a whole was great because it didn't fit into a mold and it was unpredictable to me. So I hated the ending but loved the book.
couldn't put it down even though with each page I got more worried about how dreadful human nature can be!  Had to reach the end in the hopes that there would be some solace in it - ie they were freaks, there was some explanation to put my mind at ease... read it and find out - it's worth it!
The story is tense and gripping. The author writes beautifully in detail oriented prose that makes readers relate to the characters. I was surprised at the ending thinking it would be more decisive, but in retrospect it makes sense that the two protaganists deserved eachother. Excellent book.
Nick and Amy Dunne are two characters I'm not likely to forget anytime soon.  Masterfully crafted with the slow, steady build-up of tension, suspense, hints and clues, all the while fleshing out the main characters in such a way to bring them fully to life.  The final outcome was outstanding.
I couldn't put this book down. Such an awesome book, and what a rollar coaster ride. I loved how the author didn't end this book conventionally. Not every book should end happily ever after. I loved this book so much i've bought his other book Dark Places, and am in the middle of reading it.
Simply brilliant. Had a difficult time enjoying and totally immersing myself like I usually do. I think i really started enjoying at the half way point. Wasn't crazy about the ending, but overall i enjoyed and this will be the first movie i'm looking forward to seeing after reading the book.
A girl not just gone but, gone crazy, who eventually takes her husband along with her to crazyville. Writing is truly Flynn's calling. She's not only good but is probably gonna be named the greatest writer of all time. The lady can tell a story that jumps off the page. Flynn has pure talent.
More and more of my friends had read it and fortunately, did not tell me too much in order not to spoil the suspense, thank God! As Hitchcock said about ""Psycho"": ""Please don't give the ending away, it's the only thing we have"".. Highly recommended,you're in for a great ride!
Well written.  The author describes every character in detail and makes them relateable. You feel the emotions with them. The story moves at a good pace. Never dull, never predictable, always keeping you on your toes.Just when you think you got it figured out, it throws you for a spin.
It's totally unpredictable. You think  you know where it is going and then, BAM. Some new shocker changes everything. I couldn't put it down and was texting my book club friends, ""have u gotten to part 2 yet?"" I'm dying to discuss it with them. That is the sign of an excellent read, I think!
Flynn has written a real gem here. It starts off heading down a path that we've seen way too much of lately in the news (Scott Peterson, Drew Peterson etc.) and then veers sharply in a different direction...and when that happened midway through the book, I burst out laughing - very clever...
I only bought this because it was on kindles top 100...and I'm so glad I did! The imagination of this author is amazing and it was full of crazy twists and turns the whole book! Just downloaded another one from her. Great book!
The characters in this book are not likable. Normally this means I won't like the book but this is a good one. I see a lot of complaining about the ending but I felt it was appropriate. Both sides ended up with things they didn't want in their lives and both sides got something they wanted.
This book trapped me for several days. One of the most engrossing reads I've had the pleasure to enjoy in years. It reminded me of a suspenseful Blue Valentine on crack. If that's up your alley, then I can't recommend this book enough. I'm very happy I ignored the ""horrible ending"" reviews.
The only thing I did not like about this book was the ending; and not because it wasn't good, but because it wasn't how I wanted it to end. But, such is life. Just because Gillian Flynn doesn't outright say it doesn't mean that the bad guy doesn't suffer in the end...very creatively done...
I jumped into this book and couldn't put it down. Every time I thought I knew what was coming I got another curve, up and down and round and round. It was really entertaining and held my attention. I was sorry to finish it. I would have read it faster than in three days, but I have to work.
This was truly an entertaining read!  The author did a tremendous job of pulling me in, then, had me first sympathizing with one main character, then, switching my loyalties entirely -- I found it really exhilarating.  Definitely recommend Gone Girl for a fun, fast-paced reading experience.
This was such a good read...I love how the story is told from different characters...it makes you feel like you know them very well.  This book keeps you wanting more and although some didn't like the ending I was content with it.  All of her books are great.  I can't wait for her next one.
Gillian Flynn is one of the most exciting new writers on the scene. Gone Girl is mesmerizing, stylish and such a tension-builder, I could not put it down. Be sure to check out her first two books as well. She is especially good at drawing flawed characters and dissecting what makes them so.
Wow! What a great book. I almost hate that I finished it, but glad that I did. It was a real ""page-turner"". Gillian did a great job of wanting you to keep reading to try and figure out what was  going to happen next, what twist the story would take. What a scary, calculating person Amy was.
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn was riveting.  Found myself being drawn into the psychology of the intimate drama that was unfolding in each chapter.  Was continually startled by the evolution of each character and I think I was hoping for a clear path and was taken aback how the ending evolved.
I loved this book and I think Gillian Flynn could easily become one of my favorite writers.  This is not my usual genre but I think she is very witty and I loved the way this book was written.  This is certainly a page-turner!
I enjoyed this book It held my interest.  These type of books are very true to life but make you wish you could be that person.  About three quarters through the book you can't read fast enough.  I really loved the book.
Well developed sociopathic personality disorder in main character. Interesting read. I'd had too many sociopaths in my life at that time. If I'd known before purchasing this book, I likely wouldn't have bought it (unless it offered help in countering their malevolent antics). Well written.
I picked up this book after hearing nothing but raving reviews about it from friends and family. After starting, I couldn't put it down. It definitely lived up to the hype--a thriller/mystery that actually surprised me at each twist and new reveal. Definitely entertaining and well written!
This book was unlike any I have ever read - there was no one to root for.  There is no hero in this book (or her others).  I say that but this book and her other 2 were all gripping - I could not put them down.  Will definitely read this author again, even if the story gives me bad dreams.
This book was a page turner!  I couldn't pit it down, and couldn't wait to see how it ended (I haven't seen the movie).  However, I was a little disappointed in the ending... I don't see how he could live with her, but the ending left no doubt about a sequel!  I would definitely read that!
At first I thought the title was a play on his sister's name but it definitely wasn't. Just when you thought this book was like so many other stories you've read, the plot twists and turns and surprises you.  A really good novel.  Haven't seen the movie yet.  Hope it's as good as the book.
Loved it!  Couldn't get enough.  I could go on and on about nuances and character development, blah, blah, blah.  But I won't.  Just really enjoyed it, have known some people (well, one) who could be capable of this kind of thing.  Good job Gillian, will have to check out your other books.
This book was really disturbing. The writing was completely engrossing, but there wasn't one character whom I liked. I don't completely buy the ending, but everything is so upside down in this story that that was the least of my concerns with it. It is definitely a unique take on marriage.
I had 4 different people recommend this book to me. At first, I had a really difficult time getting into the book, and almost put it down, but decided to push through it since so many people told me to read it. Slow start, but picks up. The ending is crazy and I hope another one comes out.
This was a book that I read in 24 hours.  At first I thought I knew where it was going and became so angry with one of the characters I almost stopped reading the book and then the whole thing changed in a way I didn't see coming.  It was a great read!  You will enjoy the twists and turns!
I am quite late in reading this novel as when books are really talked up, rarely do they live up to the accolades.  This one does in my opinion, solid writing, one typo which I've already forgotten, good dialogue, interesting plot.  Read and enjoy.  It also makes me want to see the movie.
This is a fun read.  Stylistically it's a page turner.  I found the subtext unforgettable. To what lengths will a scorned, neglected woman go?  How is the psyche of a woman reared as a vicarious pawn by her parents affected?  Is the plot a stretch or a depiction of everyday sub rosa life?
stuck on the sofa..can't move ...can't put this book down!  send food...and wine...OMG you are going to love this..Psychological thriller that just makes you so uncomfortable that you can't stop reading it...Kudos to the author on mastering one of the hardest genres to write!  Great book!
It's rare for me to be genuinely surprised by the outcome of a mystery. So this book was especially delicious in its unpredictability. Very well written and truly hard to put down--take that as a warning if you have to work for a living! A welcome escape from my usual diet of non-fiction.
I could not put this book down!  Page after page was like becoming an addict over time - you keep thinking you're only going to read a little then you just can't get enough. I'm excited to read some of the authors' other books but I DO wish this book had a sequel.  Trust me, you will too!
I like the two perspectives from the book. All the characters are flawed in some way and I loved reading people's rationalizations for their mistakes or inefficiencies. The author's description of each scene was so detailed I felt like I was in Missouri living in that small, rundown town.
This is the first book in a long time that I couldn't put down until I finished it.  The ending was unexpected, so that accounted for the extra star.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a good book without violence, profanity or a lot of sex.  It was just a good book?
This book is so well written.  There was always a twist or unexpected turn in the story line.  The author revealed portions of the characters' personalities gradually throughout the book.  My only complaint would be the profanity.  It wasn't excessive but I did not think it was necessary.
I see that a great number of readers faulted this novel for it's ending. For this reader it seemed just about the most logical ending such a tale could possibly have. If you still don't want to read Gone Girl, then try Jean Paul Sartre's No Exit where you'll get pretty much the same idea.
Man oh man. I had to read this book after my friends started telling me about it. LOVE the twist, loved and hated the characters at the same time. Definitely kept me reading. Actually bought this for my mom for Mother's Day, and she loved it too. Gotta love dark and twisty Gillian Flynn!
Such a great book. I'm the kind of person who has to be reading a book that grabs my attention within the first couple of chapters or else I can't get through it. I read this book within a week in my spare time and I couldn't put it down! Definitely recommend it over the movie any day ;)
I haven't read the author's other novels, but this one is incredible.  Lots of twists and turns, making it hard to predict where it's going. I love that.  If I can figure out everything before I get to the back third; I'm usually disappointed.  If you love a great mystery, get this book.
David Fincher did a masterful job of recreating this book on film. The film is so faithful in fact that there is little need to read the book if you have seen the movie, however, if you haven't seen it I would recommend reading the book first. Really excellent story told incredibly well.
Gripping, exciting, thrilling story.  Really ""ripped from the headlines"", this story and characters could be happening right now anywhere in America.  I loved not knowing how it ends so don't let anyone spoil it for you.  I have recommended it to others and read it for book club.
This book has more twists and turns, ups and downs, and plot reversals than the average reader can follow.  You're convinced who the villan is, and then it's not.  You're convinced who the victim is, and then it's not.  Very strange and very hard to follow, but at the end, it's worth it.
This was a page turner! I thought I could guess the ending, but I didn't. Genius plot! Great writing! Surprising twists and turns. There were a few things I figured out, but it's so twisted you just can't guess. These are characters you love and hate at the same time. I highly recommend.
A very unpredictable novel.  I couldn't put it down!  I did not like the ending.  I had rather expected Amy to be killed by her demented father-in-law.  I cannot imagine choosing to subject oneself to such a loathesome person. Way too frightening to contemplate!  Waiting for the sequel.
I really liked this book.  I bought it to read before the movie came out.  It had me up waaay too late, great twists and turns.  It was clever and sick and crazy, loved it.P.S.  Hated the movie.  It was bad and not just because I read the book.  Wait and rent it, you'll see.
Someone casually mentioned this book to me.  I love mysteries and have a list of authors i read routinely.  I was between books so I decided to order Girl Gone: A novel, and I am so glad I did.  I couldn't put it down.  So much more than just a mystery.  It got me thinking about people.
This book includes bits and pieces of twists from many other novels but never have I read a book that includes so many different twists an unexpected climaxes in 1 story. I must say the ending stressed me out a bit though. Wish there was more finality and redemption for the leading man.
This was recommended by a friend whiose reading tastes are similar to mine.  The story was unusual.  There were so many twists and turns, I found myself siding with the husband, and the wife alternately.  I have to say the ending left me hanging,.  Does this mean there will be a sequel?
Character development, plot twists and turns made this a pretty tough book to put down. You never know who to like and who to hate. Who's in control, or is anyone in control. Who will win and who will lose. This book will leave unsure right up to the last page - and even then -??? Enjoy
Have not finished this book yet, but I can tell you I cannot put it down. The writing is terrific and you are not sure where it will take you next. I am 57percent finished and have no clue where it is going. Cannot imagine how they made this movie. Glad I didn't I did not see it first.
I just finished this book. Once started, I could just not put it down.  Contrary to some reviewers, I thought the ending, while perhaps not the dramatic closure some were expecting, was, in fact, perfect and made complete sense.  Anything different would just not have been quite right.
Intriguing. Keeps one on their toes throughout. The diaries and personalities are unique. Keeps the reader thinking and trying to figure out exactly what is going on. I'd recommend this to those that enjoy a good mystery. There's a reason why this book has been on the best seller list.
terrific read - as good as its rep - better even. If you enjoy/appreciate books that do not fit the ""usual"" formula, but is a book you just can't put down b/c you can't wait to see what happens next to these really interesting, if deeply flawed, characters, this book is for you
Great story premise.  I hated the ending but that is not a reflection on the writing nor the story telling ability of the author.  This was an ending my husband, who doesn't like happily ever afters, would love!  If you're not looking for a happily ever after, I'd definitely recommend.
I am giving it 5 stars as I wasn't able to put it down. I bought it because the movie was getting talked about so much and I wasn't disappointed, a real page turner. Right up to the end I had no idea where this book was going.  I have now ordered her earlier book ""Dark Places"".
This book kept me up reading long into the night.  I really liked the way Miss Flynn had the main characters ""write"" their own story.  I wasn't surprised by what happened half way through but was blown away by the ending.  I won't ruin it, read it for yourself.  A new favorite for sure
I saw the movie promo and knew I would have to get and read this book fast, but that wasn't a problem. So many delicious twists and turns, it was easy to read and brilliant! The dual points of view were delicious. Wish I could spin a story like this.L E Kinzie, author of Undamned
This book was a contemporary, philosophical study on a young married couple with two points of view. The wife's and husbands..... Leaving you to decide who's telling the truth and who is not. It was well written and really fun to read. I thought it was a great study on human character.
Keeps you guessing all the way through.  You never really know who is lying and who is telling the truth or even if there is any truth at all.  They are both crazy so it is just which one can be more convincing than the other.  Poor kid being born into that sick family, they are toxic.
I was hooked from the first chapter. Great writing, perfect pacing, and overall a terrific story. Still thinking about it a month after finishing it. That's the mark of a great book. A cut above the run-of-the-mill suspense novel. Quality work. Looking forward to reading more by Flynn.
I usually read very heavy, literature-based books, but I had to read this for book club, and I loved it.  I just had my book club tonight, and everyone in the group felt the same way.  I am going to read it again, though, so that I can reread the clues I missed during my first reading.
I absolutely loved this novel.  It truly captivated me and my emotions for the main characters were constantly conflicted. Gone Girl was my first intro to this author and upon completion I immediately searched for and downloaded another penned by Gillian Flynn. Really really excellent.
I have 2 other novels by Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects and Dark Places, and have had for a while. But have never read them. After reading Gone Girl that is about to change. You can always tell when you want to read more of an author after you read a particular book and are lefted stunned, shocked and in awe. That's now I felt after reading Gone Girl. Be prepared to be hyponotized and mesmerized by this thriller. This is dark, dark and disturbing thriller that will twist you and turn you. If psychopathic thrillers are your thing, then you won't find any better than this. Beneath this darkness you will also find humor(dark) and mystery. A really good mystery. One that will get you swept away in it's pages. Flynn can write like nobody's business. Her plotting somewhat reminds of Linwood Barclay and that's excellent praise coming from me considering Barclay is probably my favorite thriller writer and one of the best plotters in the biz.If you're in the market for a thriller and want to actually be THRILLED, then you are definitely in the right place. This is an absolute must buy! I give Gone Girl 5 out of 5 stars or a perfect 10 out of 10. You'd hard pressed to find a better mystery/thriller this year and we're still early in the year... Excuse me while a go tackle and devour her other novels!
This is a great read with amazing plot twists and turns.  I read too far into the night as I just wanted to go a little further to see what was next.It starts as a common plot...a husband gets a call at work from a neighbor, telling him his front door is wide open and his cat (indoor only, declawed) is sitting on the front porch.  Rushing home, the husband discovers that there is broken glass and overturned furniture in the living room and the ironing board is set up with the iron still on.  His wife is gone.He calls the police and right when you think you know where this book is going, Nick tells the reader that what he just told the police is the fifth lie he has told them!  Wait!!!...what?So now you know all is not as it seems.Chapters alternate between Nick's telling of this spiraling down story (really, could he look any more guilty?) and his wife Amy's diary entries over the past few years.Nick claims he is being framed but the reader already knows he is a liar and will soon find out he is a cheater, too. He acts inappropriately at the search site and when a plea is made live on TV to help find his wife, he reacts to the pressure with a smile that everyone interprets as guilt.  Then he hires a big time lawyer who is known for getting murdering husbands off.Because the writing is tight and clever, you never know if something that happens is just ""background"" or a clue.  For example, it is Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary...part of the reason for what is going on?  Or coincidence?You won't be disappointed in this book and you won't guess the ending.  Great book not to be missed!
Read this book long before the movie came out and it made such an impact that I knew what movie was being previewed on TV before they every gave the title.  Keeps you on your toes and made me laugh out loud and shake my head at the characters several times.  A very good read for sure.
Skip the movie and read the book. A great beach read, totally consuming page turner. I enjoyed the parallel storytelling and the plot twists. There are a few points at which one must suspend disbelief, but sometimes even real life requires that. Frightening and compelling all at once!
Loved the structure of the story and the examination of our media-mad culture in the midst of a suspenseful story.  Once the secret of the structural red herring is revealed, the story begins to beg credulity, but you're so engaged with the characters at that point, it doesn't matter!
The format for this novel gives it much of its intrigue, hearing the alternating thoughts and actions of the two major characters, each trying to outsmart the other. This kept the novel moving at a fast pace and the reader continuing to guess.  The twists were well done and enjoyable.
This was one crazy ride. Took me a little time to get into the story, but once I hit my stride... well wow. Very disturbing, but well written. I didn't  think I was going to like it, but in a perverse way it was like coming upon an awful accident and you find you just can't look away.
This book started off a bit slow, but do not quit because this is a piece of work. Gillian Flynn does not just write a book. She creates life into her characters more than others. You can tell that she takes her writing seriously with her facts and story lines. I absolutely loved her.
Quite a skilled and clever writer.  I was amazed at how everything was plotted by Amy and how her sick mind controlled every detail and she won in the end without revealing her conspiracy to anyone but her husband.  Almost as good as Barbara Vine - am I remembering her name correctly?
I've read all of Gillian Flynn's books and each one is better then the last.  This story was so incredibly entertaining that I really couldn't put it down.  Her characters are so well developed that you actually feel like you know them.  Kind of scary!  I can't wait for her next book.
Really enjoyed this book .Very imaginative story ,wonderfully well paced ,I will be looking for more Gillian Flynn books . A little disappointed by the ending ,but accept the plot was so marvellous and suspense so well maintained that it was hard to find any other ending .
I could not put this book down. It is extremely well written and is so suspenseful that I was very tempted to turn to the end of the book to find the outcome when I was only half way through. This is the kind of book that I feel compelled to discuss with others. Many twists and turns.
This is a very compelling novel with a new twist every chapter.  It keeps you guessing right up until the end.  I couldn't put it down or stop trying to figure out what would happen next!  The characters are complex and interesting.  I would recommend this book for a good escape read.
This is a fantastic book.  It catches and holds your attention from the start.  The mystery mixed with a little bit of romance makes it the perfect book to pick up and submerge yourself in.  If you liked The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo you'll like Gone Girl.  Definitely recommend it!
This novel has twists in the storyline that make it fun to read. Well written, good use of language and easy to read - a good pleasure novel for most anyone with an interest in human nature. I'm not a die hard fan of mystery or true crime stories but this book was delightful to read.
Gone Girl is a well-written thriller, that takes you down what you think is the normal path for such a book. Then, it abducts you and plays with your mind and emotions up until the very end. It's a thrill ride, it's a joy ride, and I couldn't put it down unless I had to. Wicked good.
It was an extrmely well written hook that kept me guessing. I find that I am a tough one to surprise, and this book totally took a turn that I didn't see coming. This author's work just cant be put down. I've already read another one of her books, sharp objects. It's is fabulous too.
Gone Girl - what a thriller!  I could not put this book down!  Recommended by a friend.  I did not read the description as I find it more surprising.  My thoughts took left turns and right turns and did 360's and by the end of the book, I couldn't pull my jaw off the floor!  READ IT!
Excellent story.  Keeps you guessing.
Great book - lots of twists and turns
This was the first novel that'd I read by Gillian Flynn and it lived up to the hype. I read it as fast as I could and then returned to the beginning to read it again. Then I bought her other two novels. Highly recommend.
I'm only doing a quickie review of Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn (no spoilers of course) because I read this book with the amazing Love at First Book Club participants during the month of November.Gone Girl was such a great book!  Literally I was being lied to the entire time by the characters, which was such a mind game, but also made the book amazing because I had NO idea what was going to happen!Now, the ending. . . well, a lot of my friends, ones who I value their bookish opinions, hated the ending.  But then a good number of people also enjoyed the ending.  I have to say that the ending is messed up.  But that made me love it!  It was so not Hollywood-like with the cheery, we all go home happy, that it was amazing.Whether you enjoy or hate the ending, I think that you will enjoy reading the book as a whole.  I also advise you to have a friend who has read it or is reading it at the same pace as you to communicate with throughout your reading of the novel.  Seriously, it's the only way I survived (thank you to Katie for all of our continuous texting back and forth).On a side note. . . the inside of the dust jacket is neon pink/orange and such a terrible distraction when reading.  I actually had to remove the dust jacket because I could not concentrate on the story!  But once I took it off, it was fine!Want more information on how people felt?  But please read at your own risk because spoilers are included on those links below!What thriller have you read that had you on the edge of your seat with its twists and turns?Thanks for reading,Rebecca @ Love at First Book
Exquisite in its macabre farce of lives ruined and remade in horrifying precise details, people like this exist, I know, we see them on media feeding frenzies and say that can't be real, but they are.... And this puts those stories in all to real a context.... Amazing and horrifying
I had no idea what the book was about before reading it, even though it has been a best seller and even has a movie. I'm one of those people who HAS to read the books first. Loved it. Hard to put down. Quite a few ""whoa!"" moments. The ending....ehhhhh. But I definitely recommend it!
I kept putting off reading this book until I see the movie trailer and I then decided I wanted to read the book first.  I am so glad that I did.  This book has so many twists and turns you could never guess the ending.  It is so well written.  You really don't want to miss this one.
Gone Girl is one of those books that has perhaps spoiled all other books for me. Ever since reading it, I keep asking myself ""where can I find another book like 'Gone Girl'?"" Many people write compelling psychological thrillers, but few can do it with Flynn's flawless prose.
Loved this book. It's clever, mean, and delicious. This book will draw you in, then turn on you, and you'll stay for the ride even though you sense it can't possibly end in a way that will leave you feeling safe and secure. After all, how well do you really know the people you love?
I loved this book. However, when I brought up the subject at a party this past Spring, other women said they couldn't finish it and found it very disturbing.  So beware.  I thought the lead character was very, very clever.  They called her several other names - use your imagination.
I love this novel. In Goodreads is listed as one of my favorites.  Is a little dark and twisted with a lot of psychological plot in it but it's so  in deep into the mind,and bu the half of the book you are beginning to hang you mouth open because what come you never saw it coming...
Absolutely loved this from the moment The Sure Thing reference appears (product of my generation). The writing is assured, the he-said she-said device excellently executed and the story compelling. The protagonist is definitely one of the creepiest I have encountered in a long time.
By the end of the book I didn't know which character I disliked more. I wanted to like the husband but he seemed so indecisive and when the ""real"" wife showed up ( though anticipated) she was totally manipulative and completely nasty. So nasty you almost admired her. Almost.
What a ""story""!  Do women really think like Amy?  I couldn't put this book down.  It is so well written that I couldn't wait to see what came next.  Great technique telling the same story from two perspectives.  Makes one question relationships and perceptions.  Great book!  Thanks
I can say is, ""Wow"".  I was not expecting any thing at all that takes place in this book.  I was so stunned when I read one section I actually stood up in surprise.  Been a long time since that level of surprise has happened to me while reading a book.  Saying no more, no spoilers.
This is a sick story. It had so many bizarre twists and psychological turns that it made me car sick. It was a first-rate novel. The kind of book that you can NOT put down. The kind of book that makes you wonder about the author's sanity...and your own. What a wicked, twisted ride!
I love this book, it was absolutely amazing...except! except that when I got to the last page and it was over I was extremely surprised. I expected it to go a little longer and, without spoiling it, something bigger to happen. even so it's overall the best book I've read this year!
What a roller coaster ride. Well done Gillian Flynn. I'm telling everyone to read this book but carve out a period of  uninterrupted time, take a vacation or choose to read it as you recuperate from knee surgery because you will not want to stop reading it until the very last page.
This was one of those books that draws you in, makes you feel as though you really know the characters, as speaks insuch a true voice for each one.  The zinger, half way through, wasn't entirely without warning, but the ending sure was.  Ijust really enjoyed this story.
This is a great Book! My only time to read is in the evening when going to bed after a long day. I found myself getting ready for bed earlier and earlier just so I can get back to this book. I really enjoyed the twist and suspense. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good book.
I'm 96% finished with this book, and I'm trying to postpone reading the last 4% because it's such a good read; I don't look forward to finishing it.  And, quite frankly, with such a little bit left to read, I STILL have no idea of how it will end.  I definitely recommend GONE GIRL.
This book was full of twist and turns and such an interesting read all  the way through. I read this with my book club and many of them did not like the ending. I however, found it quite fitting and true of real relationships. This is one of the best books I've read in a LONG time!
Very interesting read. Enjoyed every chapter and her entire journey. Very brave woman to go by herself on the Pacific Trail, but she met some very nice people and was only worried once. The one camp ground people weren't to nice to a lone traveler for that time of year. Boooo!!!!!
I am busy but I started this book and couldn't put it down.  24 hours of ignoring all my duties was worth it. Riveting from the beginning. I couldn't figure out who did it, but I was trapped in the details trying.  Well written, entertaining, thought provoking...an excellent book.
An extremely well plotted novel ... and much better than the movie, for sure.  The psychological base of each of these characters is ... scary; that is, the characters will scare you, they are so real.  Couldn't wait to finish it to see what they would do ... and do to each other.
Very, very good read.  Characters were very interesting, and had substance.  The story really took a huge turn at the 2nd half of the book, and that made this story all the better.  The ending was a shocker-- never expected what happened!  Worth the time to sit down with this one.
Totally did not want to put this book away...working full time allowed me only night time reading or on weekends...sat on the couch one weekend...felt so lazy, but I HAD TO FINISH READING!!!Really makes your think...can not say anymore, or I will give the story away...
A wonderful twist and turn for people who who can get caught up in a story that seems like one thing at the top level, and soemthing else down deeper. While people are unsure of the ending, it's a realistic book about choices, whether or not the reader agrees with what is offered.
I heard this book was good but I wasn't expecting it to be THIS good. I'm more of a sappy teenage-romance novel reader (aka I LOVED the Fifty Shades series) so I wasn't really buying into the idea of a mystery/suspense/murder novel. I'm so glad I did. I couldn't put the book down.
Loved the book. The writing and storyline were unique. I had to keep reading to see how it ended!! I live in Missouri so I enjoyed reading references to my State. I already bought the kindle book for my daughter. I do wish there was a way to share-even if it was for a smaller fee.
This is an amazing story of a husband and wife that centers around the disappearance of the wife on the couple's five year wedding anniversary.  The suspense and the twists and turns this story takes are more than enough to keep you enthralled.  I would highly recommend this book.
Looooooooved this book. Best book of read in a year. This is some psycho stuff right here but it reminds me so much of real life. All pretend. Yup. Lol but she won in the end. Wow. Great story. I will recommend this book to everyone, no matter what kind of books they like to read.
Gone Girl is a great book - moves at exactly the right pace to keep one interested and engaged.  I genuinely wanted to know what had happened and found it difficult to put the book down.  I appreciated knowing how long it was, so I could judge how long it would take me to read it.
So irritating and utterly unsatisfying, but wow. Flynn's ability to make my allegiances jump from one character to another in the turn of a page is uncanny. Every character is, at times, unlikeable, and I think that's what makes them the most believable. I couldn't put this down.
When this book started out, I felt that it was a little sluggish and that the characters talked alike. Later, I could see why. The more I've thought about this book after reading it, the better I believe it was! I won't give away the ending. And, yes, it's a book you think about!
Great read... I started this book in anticipation of the movie; but, I ended up watching it before finishing it. I have to say, the move was good; but, the book was great. If you're looking for an entertaining, clever ride, I recommend giving this a read. Great job Gillian Flynn.
It was a page turner - I couldn't put it down.- couldn't wait to read the next page.  I also saw the movie with my husband.  He usually sleeps thru movies - but he stayed awake the entire time.  I bought a paperback copy and mailed it to my granddaughter as a ""must read"".
Here is a book that keeps you in suspense and frustrates you at the same time throughout. It was so well done, they made an excellent movie from this book that kept the novel true page by page. I highly recommend reading this BEFORE seeing the movie.Neither will disappoint!
I am so glad I read the reviews of what a horrible ending this book had. I was thinking it would be WAY more horrible than it actually was.The writing is outstanding, and often, I found myself both chucking and downright outraged at the same time.Loved it!
Gone Girl is an exciting story that held me totally spellbound for the entire book and not wanting it to end! The back and forth chapters written from both Amy's and Nick's perspectives was pure genius! I loved this book and looking forward to reading Gillian Flynn's other works.
Somehow managed to avoid spoilers before seeing the film, then read the book. The novel is better -- as it often is in cases like these -- purely for the level of detail and description that is included that didn't make it into the movie. A fast, intriguing read -- I devoured it.
Though I purchased this book for my kindle a while ago, I didn't pick it up until my daughter called me from her vacation and insisted that I ""read it now!"" Ms. Flynn develops her characters in an intriguing way that keeps the reader in a love/hate relationship with them.
When my wife and I met, I had recently dated some seriously disturbed women, many of whom were still in our social circile.  My wife recommended that I read this book, as it made her think what my life would have been had I wound up with one of them.  The book did not disappoint.
A wonderful thriller. I read it because so many people kept leaving reviews complaining about the ending so I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. I loved it. Ms Flynn is a great writer and this novel kept my attention from beginning to end. Wickedly awesome dialog as well.
I bought this book around the holidays and just finished it in 2 days.  Why did I wait?  Who knows?  This book will keep you on the edge of your seat.  I swear, every chapter ended an  left me with my mouth wide open.  I couldn't believe that just happened....what would be next??
Although I was skeptical about reading a book about a failing marriage, I found this book fascinating reading.  The story gets into the mind of a sociopath and is definitely a page-turner.  The steps Amy goes through to save her marriage is truly amazing.  Really worth your time.
I really enjoyed this book.  This was the first novel I read by this author, and I am going to purchase the other books that I have seen on Amazon.  The twists and turns you encounter in the story make it interesting, and the end left me unsettled (not in a bad way) and thinking.
WOW, WHAT A TWIST AND TURN BOOK! JUST WHEN YOU THINK YOU HAVE IT FIGURED OUT THERE IS ANOTHER TWIST IN THE TALE!THE AUTHOR WOVE QUITE A STORY HERE...TALK ABOUT A VENGEFUL WIFE!  THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST READS I HAVE HAD ALL YEAR, REALLY ENJOYED IT.  THIS WOULD MAKE A GREAT MOVIE!
A really excellent book.  I stayed up all night reading it.  It's beautifully written, and the characters are so flawed and intense.  You won't be able to put it down.
Great enthralling read even though I made the mistake of watching the movie first.Of course the book gave much more insight into the characters and much more real feel to the story.Looking forward to reading another Gillian Flynn - I really enjoyed her writing style!
I loved this book. The plot progressed slowly and then I found I couldn't put it down.  Very well written with enough twists and surprises to keep you interested.  A great ending also. My first time reading a novel by Gillian Flynn, and I look forward to reading her other books.
I bought this book awhile back. I was reading other books and it stayed at the bottom of my reading list. Went to see the movie and knew I had to read the book.  I wish I would have read the book first! Great read, kept me interested throughout the entire book. Great story line!
Great book.  Gillian Flynn has crafted an excellent thriller about a relationship taken to the extreme.  It kept me reading during my whole week long vacation in Tahoe.  Btw, ignore those reviews dissing the ending.  The ending was a perfect fit for the story and the characters.
I could not put this book down. Every night I would just say to myself ""one more chapter"" and next thing I know I've read 50 more pages. I love the twists and turns along the way. Don't want to spoil the book for anyone, so all I will say is you will not be disappointed.
I couldn't put this down, I read it cover to cover in 2 days! It had so many layers of intensity and unexpected plot twists, I HAD to see what would happen next. The ending was one of the best I've ever read. I cannot wait to see the movie!! (Hopefully it does the book justice!)
i really enjoyed listening to this novel.  i thought it was suspenseful and intriguing.  the plot thickened as the story went on.  the characters were well developed and interesting.  i had never read anything like this before.  would highly recommend  it to the  mature reader .
This book is definitely a stay-up-all-night-to-finish-even-if-you-have-work-in-the-morning page-turner. Not only is the story fascinating and the characters well-developed, but this is actually a beautifully written book as far as thrillers go. I would definitely recommend this!
This is a wonderfully written book with a fascinating story line...a real page turner!  The surprises keep coming. This is one of the best books I've read this year, and I've been reading a lot since I broke my leg.
Saw the movie first and thought it was good so I wanted to read the book. Book is SO much better! And even though I knew some of what was coming, there were enough differences and additional content that it seemed fresh. I had a hard time putting it down. I highly recommend it.
This book is written like not other that I have read and that was in itself interesting. I didn't want to put the story down until I finished it. It kept me totally interested and up at night reading. I bought the other 2 books Gillian has written because Gone Girl was so good.
Nothing thrills a reader more than twists and turns and unexpected plot questions.  I don't know whom I admire more:  the character with an incredible mind, or the writer who can come up with such perfidy.  Don't start this book if you have housework to do.  It'll have to wait.
Amazing and so suspenseful. I am extremely picky when it comes to books but this really sucks you in. It is so unpredictable and it flows really nicely.. I cannot wait to see the movie. Also, this is my first book review. I only did it because this is how much I loved the book.
I love this book.  It really grabbed me.  I was recuperating from surgery and started this book one morning.  I spent the entire rest of the day in bed reading it, mesmerized.  What a page turner.  Immediately downloaded another book by this author.  It's a great, twisty story.
Great thriller with lots of twist, kept me wondering what was going to happen next and how it would end. I hate it when I can figure a story line out and the ending has no surprise. This book surprises you to the very end. I would recommend this to anyone that loves a thriller.
This book was a great read and very well written. I am always amazed at books like this and the thought that must go in to writing them. I would certainly read more books like this and this is unlike anything I have read in a very long time. It was a nice change of pace for me.
couldn't put this down, very good book and will capture you very quickly.  was looking for other books of this easy and good read and haven't really found anything.  i don't get to read often so when i do it is usually on a vacay so i need it to read fast and keep my attention.
This book will keep you awake at night trying to finish as many chapters as possible to find out what happens next--it did for me. As many turns as a steep mountain road, the story unfolds in a fascinating reveal of character and love gone terribly wrong. Gone wrong. Gone girl.
I loved this book! First book in a long time that I couldn't put down. It constantly kept me guessing as to who the characters really were. The two main characters had equal parts contemptable characteristics and admirable characteristics. The ending perfectly suited them both.
I haven't read anything recently that I couldn't put down...until I opened Gone Girl. It was like being on a roller coaster with sharp unexpected twists and turns. The author sucks you in fast and keeps you engrossed until the final page. I've recommended it to everyone I know.
This was a very different thriller. It was a mind game all the way through and definately kept you guessing:) I kept having to put the book down in order to calm down. It was one of those books you wanted to keep going on with but I had to take breaks.I really enjoyed it.
Gone Girl presents a story of a marriage full of secrets and lies. It unfolds as the husband and wife each tell their own story and the reader doesn't know who is telling the truth. There are twists and surprises that make this a book you'll want to finish and discover outcome.
What an incredibly well written book.  The twists and turns kept me in suspense and wanting more. One chapter I would be on Nicks' side then the next I'm pulling for Amy.  Gone Girl takes you on a ride of different emotions and I loved every minute of it.  It's a must read!!!!!
Started this book and could not put it down! What an interesting twist this book takes! Great, only about 65% complete but could consume in a matter of hours....trying not to finish so fast because books this compelling are hard to come by anymore! You will love this book......
best ending ever. this book was a modern day hitchcock meets edgar allen poe. it is that good. this story will be remembered as a classic.it's like the movie ""gaslight""  but more complex with deep character study. i bet it goes to screen. i loved the way it was written.
Wow. Just wow. I found this really, really, really creepy. There is a lot of suspense and a couple of holy cow moments. The irony here is I was about to put the book down because I found is boring up till about midway in. Then the floor falls out and it's free-fall to the end.
I have ADD and have a difficult time staying focused when I read. I read Gone Girl from start to finish in three days. I've never had my opinion about a character change so many times as it did with the character of Nick. Wicked, smart, and surprising novel I recommend highly.
Love the story and very well written. I'd seen this in the store for a long time, but never bought it because the price was too high. I finally broke down and got it after seeing it was becoming a movie so I could read it first. I loved it, and the movie followed it well, too.
Don't read this book if you are contemplating marriage!  The author did an excellent job of creating some of the most complex characters that I have ever encountered in literature.  I look forward to reading more of her books. I'm adding Gillian Flynn to my list of ""read all"".
The novel was difficult to put down, after having started it. From start to finish, every turn the plot took, I was completely captivated, while being indecisively unsure as to the direction it was going. It was fast-paced, enjoyable, and something I would recommend to others.
We read this in our book club. It was one we especially enjoyed and one that lead many of our group to seek out more of this author’s books. The episode in the mall in St. Louis was especially fun for me. The style was different, fun, and the book had several surprising turns.
I gave it 5 stars because it kept me totally captivated.  I could hardly wait to get to the end. Wonderful twists-- great story. BUT the end is a disappointment.  The only way I'd be able to recommend this book would be if I knew there would be a sequel. PLEASE PLEASE a sequel
Enjoyable, well-written story. A little twisted psychologically and at times unbelievable but I couldn't put it down. I find a lot of novels to be predictable but not this one. Mind games on steroids. If I had read it before I got married, I'm not sure I'd have gotten married.
This book was amazing, and I read it so fast because I refused to put it down. There are twists and turns throughout that never failed to surprise. This is unlike any book I've ever read - I generally hated every single character, but somehow that's what you're supposed to do.
Gone Girl is a well-written book! The characters are fleshed out -- I cared how things turned out for them, and spent a couple of nights reading far past bedtime to find out. Insightful and well-developed internal monologues and external dialogues, and great twists throughout.
Excellent and will keep you guessing
This is a remarkable piece of writing--the characters are so well drawn that they become familiar as people you have known .  There are no cliches and although there are twists in the plot, it all proceeds with logic.  Now that Ive read the novel I can't wait to see the film.
This is a 5 star ""I never saw it coming"", can't put it down page turner. You'll run through every emotion as the story unfolds. Good luck getting those chores done while this book sits waiting patiently for your return.Nick sleeps with one eye open. So will you...
Taut, well-written thriller; interesting characters; plot is a page-ripping juggernaut...there are passages full of such careful, finely tuned madness, you'll feel as though YOU are on the verge of a breakdown! Incredibly intense, exciting read...would definitively recommend.
I loved every minute of this book. Every time I thought I had it figured out I was utterly shocked. It's scary to think there may be, and probably are people like this in the world. Read it but make sure you have time to devote to it, because you won't be able to put it down!
This is a mystery written in an unusual way that holds the reader's interest until the very end of the story.Some of the plot follows the expected if there is such a thing but really takes the vengeance of a woman scorned to a whole new level.  A very entertaining read.
Engaging read with plot twists to the end. Finished this in less than five days. It draws you in giving you the urgent ""need to know what happens next"" drive to continue reading. I liked the back and forth voices of the characters. It leaves you always not quite sure.
A salesperson in my favorite boutique recommended this book--as she could barely stop reading to ring up sales.  She was right--I sat down one afternoon to read and couldn't put it down until I had finished it.  The twists and turns will keep you guessing on what will happen.
I bought this book on my Kindle based on the great reviews on my Goodreads application.  The reviews were right.  I have thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is written in a very different style than most murder mysteries and the author does a nice job developing his characters.
A real page-turner!  Totally unpredictable...you're never sure who to trust all the way to the end.  Movie excellent, but glossed over many details supplied in the book which contributed to the storyline.  Enjoyed this book tremendously and felt propelled to keep reading....
I Really Enjoyed Reading This Book. Having seen the movie first, i was able to picture the details that books can go into. They don't have the constraints that a movie does. This book was a great purchase and just as I was sure it would go one way, it would go the other way.
This book reminded me of "" War of The Roses"" in some ways.  It had me so engrossed that I couldn't put in down, returning to it every time I had a chance.  We humans can be quite frightful when we want to be....our true motivations hidden deeply beneath a guise of affection!
Woah.  This book had me hooked from beginning to end.  I wanted to read this before I saw it in theatres and I bought it three days before my family was going to go.  I was worried about not reading it in time---not a problem with a book this great.  I could not put it down!
Suspenseful, intriguing, and well-written, this book had been in my kindle since last year. I hadn't taken the time to read ""Gone Girl"" until I heard they had made it into a movie, since I prefer to always read before viewing. DEFINITELY read this, you'll be glad you did. :)
With every page I finished reading the plot just kept changing direction.  I always wonder where. Authors get their ideas  Gillian Flynn is a master writer.  I will definitely go see the movie when it comes out in October.  A must read for those who love a good mystery
Best book I read in 2013! You will be hooked from the first page; the characters leap off the page and the first person narrative by both protagonists really allows you to see both perspectives. Brilliantly written with one surprise after the other. You won't want it to end!
Gone Girl is one of the best books I've read in a while. I really enjoyed the banter between Amy and Nick. The twists and turns made it a real page_turner.  I think the author was right on with her assessments of the male/female-husband/wife psyche. Can't wait for the movie.
Really engrossing story.  Makes you think twice about that spouse you think you know.The ending was a bit dis-jointed.  Seems like one of those novels the author spent so much time writing, they just wanted to be done with it by the time they got to the last chapter...
I loved this book as much for the twists and turns as I did for the psychological insights into a relationship gone wrong, and the differences between the sexes in terms of attitudes to a relationship. I'll definitely be buying all of Gillian Flynn's other books as a result.
I've never read a Gillian Flynn novel before.  Gone Girl was a Book Club choice and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.  It was a real whodunit.  Could have been the husband, could have been the wife, could have been an outsider.  All interesting characters.  Very well written.
I loved this book SO MUCH. There were so many twists and surprises that it kept me on my toes the whole time. The only gripe I have with the book is I didn't particularly like the ending...but such is life sometimes. I'd recommend this book to anyone who loves a good story!
There were so many twists and unexpected turns. Unpredictable and amazing. I was impressed by the character development in this story. Flynn was able to write her characters clearly and even show multiple sides of characters through her writing. Not a book I'll forget soon.
This is a real page-turner.  Told from the point of view of the husband and wife, in alternating chapters, Gillian takes us on an exciting tale of love, obsession, and murder.  A missing wife....is the husband responsible?  Great suspense!  It made me want to see the movie!
I have never read a book like this in my life. It is such a crazy crazy plot and twist, of course it had to become a movie. Now that I have finished the book hubby and I can watch the movie!!! I am so curious now about her other books because Im so impressed, Im speechless.
This book took me on an exhilarating ride through the lives of two unfortunate people who deserve each other as much as they don't. The author has such a way of keeping her audience at the edge of her seat until the very last page. One of the best books I've read in a while
For people who went to the movie instead, as a Reading Teacher- there is nothing like the Book! An intellectual high level suspense read! Great for behaviorist or psychology students- Gillian Flynn has the reader realizing- we all may have a little Nick or Amy inside of us!
This book grabbed my attention from the beginning and never stopped. When not reading I was listening to it audio book!!! Amazing concept and scary to think this is the length some people may go!  I was hoping for a different ending but I think this one was the best choice.
Loved this book! The plot kept you reading and moved at a good pace. I really enjoyed the way it was written. For example, a chapter on after the disappearance and then a chapter from her diary. I bit predictable at time; however the ending was unexpected. Highly recommend!
This story took an unexpected turn every single time that I thought I finally knew where it was going. I simply couldn't put it away until I saw the ending. It was a bit of a disappointment because I wanted justice for Nick, but I guess that would have been a cliché ending.
Outrageous, smartly written story. Just when you think you've got it figured out it takes a u-turn. I've not read any of her other books but probably will now. Set aside a long rainy weekend to read this because you won't be able to do anything else til it's done. Have fun!
I read this book after seeing a preview for the movie, and I have to say it has been the best book I've read all year. I read it in three days, very interesting plot and an ending you would never expect! I can't wait for the movie, I feel Ben Aflec will play nick perfectly.
A friend recommended this book to me and I'm glad I took her recommendation.  I like how the author weaves the story with twists and turns.  You don't know in advance how it will finally end.  I also like how it's written from the perspective of each of the main characters.
This was a great read. Gone Girl was recommended to me by three different people before I purchased it. Why did I wait?? The writing style is amazing. I grew to know the characters and was invested in them, but never knew what would happen next. This is truly a page turner!
Slow start. But once Amy shows her true colors it moves at a brake neck pace,with many twists and often unexpected turns.  The character development of both Amy  and Nick  and  the story presentation in alternating chapters was well  done. I will read another of her novels.
Flynn's attention to detail is astounding. Her ability to articulate the thoughts of so many men and women in a marriage is uncanny. And then.. she takes it somewhere else. Where, you'll have to read and find out for yourself. But I promise, it will be a thrilling endeavor.
I received this as a Christmas gift and was told I'll either hate or love it. I loved it. I finished it within hours of starting it, read her other two books days apart and purchased all three as gifts for my mother and mother-in-law, avid readers who also enjoyed her work.
A page turner with well developed characters, sharp wit, and a great ending. Flynn knows how to hook you in right away, making her characters just familiar enough to make you feel you know them, then taking you on a wild ride of ingenuity. Highly recommended for a fun read!
This book was recommended to me by a friend. I did not think I would enjoy it but I absolutely love this book. It is better than the movie. Very easy to read. Entertaining, funny, suspenseful. I could not put the book down and everyone I recommended this book to, loved it.
Thirs story began so slow, started off painfully dull. I read another book before I could get back to this one. When I got to a certain part it took off and I was up til tow o'clock in the morning reading it. I couldn't put it down. Excellence reading. I really enjoyed it!
great read!  startedreading this when I was really sick and still read it in 3 days because it is so hard to put down even with a fevor of 102.  Never a dull moment and constant surprises.  And if the surprises throughout the book aren't enough wait until you read the end!
I have not finished this book yet.  But it is hard to put down!  I can not wait to see the ending.  I like the size of the chapters and how it is written with both main characters' narrative and diary type reading.  Great summer read, Fall read, Winter read or spring read!
Gone Girl is a couldn't-put-it-down page turner.  But it also left me feeling sad and a little depressed.  While Gillian Flynn successfully created two compelling yet pathetic characters, she did it using a fair amount of gritty, graphic language I could have done without.
I put this book down after 60 pages or so. I then picked it back up this summer after about 4 months. ONce I got through the climax or about 100 pages in, I could not put it down.I am horrible at sticking to a book, but this one has an original plot. Very good!
The first half of the book is somewhat slow and not easy to keep track of. Then it changes drastically, a turn in the story no one can see coming and after that its impossible to put down. I came to love how differently its written and will be buying more of Flynn's books.
This was my first time to read this author.  I kept hearing good things and decided to try the book.  I enjoyed it very much.  I wasn't crazy about the ending but couldn't come up with anything I would have considered better.  I am now going to read one of the other books.
Wow! This was a good one. Every time I thought about what would happen next - I wasn't even close!  First I didn't like or trust Nick, then it was Amy. Then I was feeling sorry for Rhonda. I almost wanted to cheat and go to the end to find out what happened - but I didn't.
The book keeps your attention from the very beginning--the writing is excellent and would buymore books written by this author-- strongly suggest to all readers that enjoy a good drama andlove story
Girl gone is full of twists and turns. It holds the reader's interest in a tight grip throughout  Wonderful and diverse characters Flynn' s style is sophisticated and consistent. She's a fine writer. this is a book for everyone who likes a really good, captivating mystery
This book started off slow for me, but then it got really good and I didn't want to put it down. The way my view of the characters turned out to be in the end was definitely the complete opposite than what it was in th  beginning. This story was so messed up, but so good!
Gillian Flynn has given us a story so real- with characters we know, and lives we can relate to - but with the twisted, nasty possibility a broken psyche can add to the mix.  I shiver at the all-too-possible picture this story tells.  A masterpiece I will not soon forget.
This was a terrific novel--very creatively written with a tension around the love and dysfunctions of a married couple.  Each character's psychological 'condition' was developed with care and precision making this a razor sharp, compelling, and often times chilling, read.
This is one of those stories you can read and remember years later! Psychological mastermind of situations that traps others with no intention of letting them go. Feel the characters frustration and knowledge that what was done was so perfect that no one is going to jail!
This is one of the best thrillers I have ever read . It is credible , realistically disturbing and unpredictable . A very ""out of the box"" thriller . The author makes some disturbingly honest and thought provoking observations on marriage . A most memorable read !
The author seems to understand very well how men and women think.  The many twists and turns ofthe plot make this book addictive - one just cannot wait to find out what's nextI was a teeny bit disappointed with the ending, but a Five Star book it definitely is
Loved this book! I could not put it down. It was very well written and had an extremely unexpected story. I thought it was a better read than 50 Shades of Grey and it deserves to be #1 on the bestsellers list.
The story is wonderful, but the author should could have left out all the x rated words.  I had to read a Christian novel just to get the awful expletives out of my head.  Come on.  Waste of typing and editors should be ashamed.  Totally unnecessary.  That is my opinion.
I bought this book after seeing the movie.  It was suspenseful and makes you think of your own life. The book goes into more detail then the movie and really shows the true colors of the characters.  Plan on reading this for a while though because it is not a short book.
I did not see the movie.  The movie trailer looked interesting so I decided to read the book.  I was hooked from the very beginning.  As soon as I thought I had an idea of what was really going on, I was blindsided by the author.  This is a story that compels you to find
This is one of the best books I've ever read and I'm an avid addict of great books. So cleverly woven, so well written. Amazing characters, amazing idea and a glimpse into humanity that sometimes has you laughing out loud and other times in standing ovation. A must read.
I gotta say when I first started reading this book I did not really know what to expect. But the way it ended was certainly not a way I could have imagined. I like when a story is not predictable, it keeps you glued to the story because you just have to see what is next.
Could not put this book down.  Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer.  Just when you think you know where it's going, she throws in a 180 degree plot twist.  The sign of a great book is a reluctance to come to the end and this book was one of those.  Would highly recommend.
Great characters and enough twists and turns to keep me reading all night.  I also love the fact that you never know what to expect from the characters or how to judge them.  I recommend this book to everyone.  It's just the kind of story that is universally captivating.
Kept me guessing through most of the book and quite literally could not put it down. A great inside look into what really goes on between two people... or more accurately, two brilliant, twisted, and complex individuals who experience an earth-shattering mid-life crisis.
When I started reading this book, I thought it was a bit boring. But as I kept reading I could hardly put it down. The ending is mind blowing, but I feel it could not end any other way. I would recommend this book to everyone. My daughter has my kindle so she can read it
It has been so long since I have read a book that COMPLETELY took me off guard.  This book did it - in a good way.  Was a little slow to get into but once you do the story starts to unravel, and then something comes out of no where you didn't see coming.  It was awesome.
I was hesitant to read with all the negative reviews. But I'm do glad I read it. It's a great story with great character development and keeps you in suspense. I enjoyed it simply for the story. I loved it so much I bought the authors other books which were just as good!
I would definitely recommend this book to someone who is looking for a leisurely yet engaging read. I picked this up and couldn't put it down! Plot twists are very tactful and well thought out. Although some aspects of the book may seem outlandish, it's a very good read.
I can understand why this novel is so very popular. Love the simple easy to understand way this author tells her story. I am now going to read another of her books which I'm sure I'll love also. Easy fast read that really keeps you wanting to know how it's going to end!!
Gillian Flynn did a great job on this book, in fact I liked it so much I bought sharp things.The format was a great way to tell this story, she makes you feel sorry for ""girl"" one page then hate her the next.I did not expect the ending.great job
I had no idea what this book was about, I went in cold. I am glad too because I had no preconceived ideas. It is a unique mystery story written by both the husband and wife's point of view. It kept me wanting to read to find out what happened. I really enjoyed this book!
Really great read. I couldn't put it down. Sharp, perceptive writing. This is the first book I've read by the author, and I'm truly impressed. Great suspense, and really disturbing yet thought-provoking glimpses into human psyches. The ending just makes it more powerful.
One of the best books I've read in a while. While I, too, was frustrated by the outcome at the end, it can't be neglected that the book was completely engrossing and personally, I did not find that it was predictable at all, a quality that made me read it until the end.
What can I say about this book without being a spoiler?  It is suspenseful, engrossing, well-written, keeps you turning the pages one after the other!  More twists and turns than a mountain road.  I enjoyed it a lot--can't wait to see the movie, but read the book first!
Stupendous!  This book had so many twists and turns that you never knew what what coming next.  Gillian Fynn's  style of writing is so compelling that my husband, nor I could put our Kindle down!  What a surprise ending!  It is a ""Must"" Read, you won't be sorry.
It is one of those books that you can't put down.  You think you have it figured out, but when you read more, you don't! I like the way Gillian Flynn writes, she puts the reader in the book and therefore if you read it you become part of the action - quite entertaining!
It took a little bit to get into the book but once I felt comfortable with it I was glad I had stuck with it to the end.  A very different endinging than I thought and am wondering if there is a follow on cause It feels like I am being kept hanging.I recommend it.
After having been disappointed with the last few books I have read, I was pleasantly surprised by this book.  Love the plot line, the twists and turns, and, above all, the author's ability to maintain my interest.  Couldn't wait to get home and start turning more pages.
GoneReally a Mind bender,could not stop reading.After I was finished reading could not help but wonder how many people actually live that way.All show .Not to the extent of . This couple of course . Would read another book by Gillian Flynn . Did she or -----
Just when you think you know what's happening, you find out that you don't!  I read it on recommendation, but did not realize what I was getting into. I could not put it down...Great, entertaining read with lots of plot twists and turns that were expertly crafted.
Okay, this book made me a little crazy... in a good way. OMG!  If you can avoid the spoilers, and you love snarky dark humor, and deeply complex characters, then dive in!  The water's fine... just don't drink it - and keep your eyes out for sharp objects in the shadows.
This was an excellent book.  It kept me guessing the entire time.  I couldn't put it down and then it was so twisted that I was scared to keep reading it for fear of what I was going to find out. But still couldn't quit reading ! You won't regret reading this thriller !
very exciting and keeps me guessing
Really well laid out and a relatively quick read. I wanted to find out how the story of Nick and Amy would end, and I wouldn't have guessed the ending. I really enjoyed the book. The layers were well-done, especially as the two characters become less and less likeable.
This was the first time I read something from Gillian Flynn and I must say I got addicted to this book. Very well written just got to a slow start so I did get bored in the beginning but there was so many twists and turns. I LOVE IT and can't want to read sharp objects
A real mind bender.  Can't believe a person could be that evil and egotistical and get away with it.  Very good book.  Spellbinding.  Had a lot of trouble putting it down.  I would think that anybody 25 and older would ""get it"" and find the book fascinating.  Good job!
I loved the book with all of its twists and turns. The story being told by each lead character was interesting to get their version. It showed how involved a relationship can be and how overwhelmed life can be.  Did Amy get her just dues?  Can't wait to see the movies.
This is a great mystery and every time you think you know the characters, you may be surprised. I was hooked! By the second half of book, I could not put it down. Little surprised about ending but with all the twists it took to get there, thanks for the fantastic ride.
This book was so much fun to read - granted the ending was a bit much...probably could have wrapped it up a bit earlier but cannot wait until the movie comes out.  I had just read Silent Wife and this was a great next read.  You won't want to put the book down - enjoy.
This was my first introduction to Gillian Flynn and I am now hooked. She has such a descriptive style that allows the reader to become completely immersed in the story and invested in the characters. I look forward to what Gillian will bring to the table in the future.
This is a riveting book in the best sense of the word. It is hard to put down once you get started. Oh where Oh Where has Amazing Amy gone? Is it her philandering husband who has done her in? Dont miss every exciting word and dont forget those wonderful diaries either.
So many quriky turns and discoveries.  Never knowing who's ""the bad guy"" or who's the ""good guy""? The only time I put it down is when the Kindle battery ran out...A novel for those who think they know it all...surprise... does the good guy come in last?
The type of story that you begin in chapter one gradually morphs from a whodunit sort of thriller to a tale of psychological mayhem full of plot twists and characters that you start out loving and end up hating.  Definitely lives up to the hype that surround this book.
This is a good, active mystery.  It is a different take on an old story.  Not boring at all.  Did he?  Didn't he?  Did she?  Did someone else?  Moves quickly along and has  quirky characters. A nice change of pace as it is a well-written story that reads like no other.
Amazing book!!! Not at all your typical book! I usually can start reading and by mid book I know how it's going to end, however not this one!! At first I was mad at the end but the more I think about it and go over things in my head I can say this is an amazing book!!
This novel is very original and told in epistolary form which keeps you guessing. The unreliable narrators do a great job of persuading you about themselves and details are presented little by little which is a terrific way to keep the suspense up. Totally engrossing!
A real page turner! This book is on my top 10 best reads, she keeps you on your toes. At first I wanted to feel sorry for her, but then I was thinking every cheater in America needs to read this book...haha. She gets mad then gets even, like a lot of women want to do.
This book had me at the first chapter - I couldn't wait to read more!  And the writing was so good that I thought first it was him, then it was her, then it was him . . . . .  I read it as much as possible over four days to find out what happens.  Well worth the time!
At the beginning I didn't really know what to make of the book but I caught on pretty quick and ended up reading it within 24 hours.I read a lot of books and this one has ended up being on my top 3 all time psychology thriller books.Wish he killed her haha
What a roller coaster of a ride into the darkest depths of human nature.  In an uncomfortable way you feel warmth, anger, sympathy, and disgust towards Nick and Amy all at the same time.  A must read for any man before he thinks he might stray from his relationship...
Brilliant writing style. Clever use of limited-first person narration to develop a mystery, with the reader knowing everything and yet nothing at the same time. Complex characters who are unpredictable and yet logical. Great writing, engrossing plot. Hard to put down.
Thoroughly unpredictable and captivating. I was looking for a time-killer from the NY Times Best Sellers list when I found GONE GIRL. It killed time and kept me on the hook until the last page. Don't read the reviews that summarize the book. You'll be glad you didn't.
Good Book!A thriller from the cover to cover.  Well described complicated characters who live their lives as selfish, self centered individuals who think they are smarter than everyone else and can get away with their actions, mostly bad.A must read.
I couldn't stop reading this book!  I was amazed how the author subtly led you in first one direction and then another.  Kept me reading long into the night, trying to figure out what really happened to Amy.  I'm interested to see how they have made this into a movie.
It takes a lot for a book to keep me going and pull me in, but Gone Girl definitely did just that.  I could NOT put it down.  Gillian Flynn has one heck of a twisted mind to keep these stories going!  The next two were great as well.  If you love mysteries, READ THIS!
Gillian Flynn is amazing and Gone Girl has kept me up at night. I LOVE the characters and all the twists and turns in the plot. This is my second Gillian Flynn novel and I'm eager to start reading the third. Keep writing Gillian! You have a growing flan club out here!
I literally couldn't put this book down, I even read it while getting ready for work. I loved the characters despite their insane ways. There is a good bit of language so it may not be for those who are bothered it. Otherwise, buy this book, you won't be disappointed.
Gone Girl is riveting.  Flynn's technique of employing two converging timelines builds suspense to nail biting levels.  One feels a progressive sinking feeling, picturing what lies ahead, only to be fooled and fooled again.  The complexity of her plotting is a marvel.
Gone Girl was the first book I read on my original Kindle.  I had no idea what the book was about.  I went into it blind, and was very surprised with the plot.  The plot angle was original, and the reading experience excellent.  I would read other Gillian Flynn books.
Gone Girl is beautiful. It is elegantly written, and it is full of stunning twists and surprises. The two main characters are beautifully rendered. I'm unsure about the ending -- but it was interesting enough to have launched a number of conversations with my friends.
I read this book in one sitting (staying up until 3 a.m.), which doesn't happen to me often. As someone who came of age in the 1980s, I could relate to the cultural references, professional frustrations and personal discovery/exploration. The ending works for me, too.
Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL is a quiet suspense thriller told from the stand points of the spouses dipped in the blood of the not so innocent.On the morning of Amy and (Lance) Nick dunne's five year wedding anniversay Nick comes home from the bar that he and his sister own to find Amy GONE!!  What follows is a brilliantly written fictional study on the unravelling of a marriage and how the media circus fuels an uncontrollable fire. While I was reading this beautifully written, somber, at times brutally violent tale of a marriage I had flashbacks to the various 'wife gone missing' cases that has haunted the american public i.e Scott Peterson, Drew Peterson (note the last names???) and Mark Hacking just to mention a few..a missing wife and all forms of the media presume 'he' is guilty!Told from Nick Dunne's persepective from the morning of her vanishing and Amy's diary in hope's of being found..the two stories collide in a 'white knuckle' investigation where nothing is what it seems..As their tales come to light we as the voyeurs (readers) can't help but begin to choose sides as if it was all over tv, internet and newsprint.What is really going on a one of the pleasant surprises about GONE GIRL.  Ms. Flynn has taken her time and fleshed out every character to pure exhaustian.After you end the book, either you will in some ways cheated by what happens or you will see and think about it and realize this novel HAD to end this way!In my opinion...six stars!Jim Munchel/Co-Manager of BooksBooks A Million/ Harrisburg, Pa.
Wonderfully well written. Definitely a page turner. If you enjoy that sort of thing then this is a good book. I wanted to read it before I see the movie. I'm glad I did because now I know there's so much going on they were really hard pressed to get all that on film.
when the novel first starts Amy has disappeared. As the story unfold s you find that she had a rough life with Nick her husband. In the 2nd act you read the twisted truths of Amy.  what a psychotic situation Nick and Amy are in.  but the ending I sure did not expect.
Gone Girl was Great!!!!!!!!! I highly recommend this book. I originally hated the ending but after I heard why the author chose that ending I guess I can live with it. Can't wait to see the movie.  I am now reading Sharp Objects by Gillian Flynn. I hope it's as good.
Insightful, page turner, fascinating and gripping.  I saw the movie first and hated it.  I left the theater confused and bewildered.  The book did not disappoint on revealing the deepest thoughts and issues in the characters.  Read and be intrigued.  So well written!
I wasn't sure if I would like this book, but I ended up loving it! Kept me guessing on what was going to happen, I couldn't put the book down.When I finished it, I went straight to Amazon and download Dark Places to read next. Hope you like it as much as I did.
Not much to add that I'm sure all the other reviews haven't covered. Great structure. Quick pace to keep you interested and turning pages at all hours of the night. Great writing and likable, and hatable, characters. Plenty of twists and turns will keep you guessing.
A marriage gone wrong for sure. The chapters, if you will, alternating between the two couples, drew me in and gave such great insight to both the husband and wife. Every time I thought I knew what was happening, a new twist developed. This proved to be a great read.
As the author of THE SECRET LIFE OF CAPTAIN X: MY LIFE WITH A PSYCHOPATH PILOT, a friend told me to read GONE GIRL while researching my book. Talented Gillian Flynn wrote an incredible paging turning novel. Socialized psychopathy is definitely in there! A great read!
took me some time for it to sink in -  like other reviewers, wasn't sure of the ending -  but came to see it was the only one possible.  well written, engrossing.  heard Reese Witherspooon will produce it, with Ben Affleck as the husband.  Should be a heck of a film.
SPOILER ALERT: Like many other reviews, I did not like the ending. However, it doesn't make me like the book any less. I just wish the wife wouldn't have gotten away with all that. I wish the husband could have been free of her. But the ending was not poorly written.
Gillian Flynn's latest novel Gone Girl was a gripping psychological roller coaster from start to finish. A cleverly crafted profile of narcissistic obsession and entanglement. You need to set aside a weekend because you won't be able to put this book down. Brilliant!
It took me about 30% in to really appreciate this book. So my advice  is keeping reading it all comes together and then you'll be floored. It will leave you with your mouth hanging open for sure. Twisted suspense is my fave and Gone Girl delivered that and then some.
This is a very complex and compelling storyline that takes the reader on quite a journey.  From loving the ""gone girl"" to seeing her as the monster she really is, this is an exciting and twisted tale of love and obsession in directions you will never suspect!
I was so sure that I could not be fooled by a book but this one got me, reached right up and bit me. Mrs. Flynn is a fantastic writer. And the ending, though some won't like it, is really the only way it could end after the big reveal at the midway point. Great read!
This is a very clever and insightful look into the perils of marriage and the darker unknown sides of peoples psyches. The author has an uncanny ability to understand how people think within relationships. It's both amusing and dark, the best book I've read in years!
What an amazing story. The twists and turns and surprises from the past that pop up keep you always wondering if you really know what's going on and who's who. How the author managed to develop this plot and then drop in all the surprise elements still has me amazed.
If you like a story that keeps you on your toes - this is it! The point of view is from both main characters and the twists come one after another. I never saw any of it coming!  This is one of those stories you don't want to put down and can't wait to turn the page.
This book kept me on edge and I often had a hard time putting it down. I have to say I enjoyed the book a lot more than the movie, if you have not read this book I highly recommend you try it and trust me you will not be disappointed.Gillian Flynn is AWESOME!!
Very interesting plot, with a lot of truths about disfunctional relationships.  I understand that they changed the ending in the movie, so I will not see it.  It irks me when the screenplay does not follow the book.  After all, the ending is the most important part!
it doesn't matter if you have seen the movie -- you will enjoy reading the book.  The book is one you can't put down.  You want to keep reading and keep reading.  All the while you are thinking this could really happen - this is a great read.  I would read it again.
just when you think you know...another shocker is waiting for you on the next page! great read, hard to put down. not sure I want to be let down by watching it in theaters, because it would be difficult to really capture this on the big screen. definitely recommend!
This book was so well written, well paced.  The characters were so completed that you felt you knew them personally.The book allows the reader to make all kinds of judgments and then to retract or move forward throughout.Thoroughly enjoyed the adventure.
I really liked this book. I got sucked in right from the start and never got bored. The whole time I just kept thinking, How in the world is this gonna end? While the ending wasnt quite my favorite ending I can see why it ended the way it did. I recommend this book.
This is one of the best books I have ever read. Really different story line that gets you in so you want more and more. Loved the characters and the story is great and complex and not predictable at all. Makes you want to read anything this author writes. Loved it!!
Despite several other writers whom I follow closely are on the Edgar this, this is my pick for best novel. Well-crafted. Twists and turns that the reader has a hard time guessing and such a surprise ending for the average reader and a surprise even for the well-read
Excellant and very quick read, very hard to put down ! Having read two other novels by Gillian Flynn I was very pleased to find this one every bit as enjoyable as the others, if you have read her other books and enjoyed them then I highly recommend this one as well.
This book was great! Slow at first but a good build up. Everyone told me there was a twist at the end but it wasn't that big to me. Anyway, the two characters are so well done. She is brilliant and insane, and he cannot be anyone without her. Totally worth reading!
Loved this book. So well written. So many twists and turns. I looked forward to every night when I could pick it up where I left off. Didn't love the end, but then again, I'm not sure how I would have liked it to end.I'm now busy reading her other books......
There's a reason this is so popular and was made into a major film. Everyone loves a new and different type of sociopath and we have one here. While it strains credulity, it doesn't break it. Characters are each strong in their way and it's just a really good yarn.
It's hard for me to find a book that I actually don't get bored after the first couple of chapters. But with Gone Girl that was not so. I t was great until the end. Surprises every few chapters! I would recommend it and have to my friends. Can't wait for the movie!
Had never thought of the perspective of someone with a personality disorder. This completely changed how I will think of that diagnosis forever. The story is powerful and the promise of recovery is inspiring. Definitely would recommend to read to expand your world.
I wish I could read faster! Couldn't turn the pages fast enough! Very mysterious...  Very Interesting! I did like the authors writing style. I would recommend this book for young adults 17 to27 years old. I look forward to reading more books by Gillian Flynn!
excellent insightful. very witty suspensful. well defined characters. so...awesome!  i love the way she uses something witty to describe her characters- deeply insightful whether describing character from any socioeconomic background or different gender or any age.
This is a great book!  It was so easy to read and I found myself not wanting to put it down.  I recommend it to anyone who has been ""away"" from reading for a while because it will remind you how much fun it is to escape into someone else's life for a while.
I didn't expect this novel to turn the way it did.  About half-way through, I was slammed with a twist that I never saw coming.  It was awesome!  I've never read any of Gillian Flynn's work before, but I definitely want to download more of her novels now!  Amazing!
This book started a little slow, but when it took off, it really took off!! It is full of twists & turn in every chapter. I love books like this that go back & forth from past to present in each chapter.
Wow, what a book.  I read the book before seeing the movie and am so glad that I did it this way.  You have to give the book a chance in the first 40 pages or so since the character is so weird but later in the book you understand the authors writing style better.
This book was amazing!  The author did a fantastic job of getting into the head of the characters.  I loved the detail.  The story itself was super!  It was so well-developed and every detail was covered and accounted for and nothing was left out.  Love,  love it!
I almost quit reading this book,because of the style of writing in the first of Part 1. I am so glad that I continued reading, because it became one of those books that you have trouble putting down. This is a great read. It is one of those that i will read again.
I'm a hard sell on books, often not finishing them after losing interest. Gone Girl had me from start to finish as it wove between the perspective of Nick and Amy, always giving just enough to keep me reading, yet never enough to spoil the mystery.Well done!
Not your average mystery, Gone Girl has alternating points of views with interesting and unpredictable details. It held my attention until the very last sentence. The two main protagonists are despicable but you can't stop thinking about them. It's just that good.
What a great read! Twists & turns galore. As a fan of true crime TV (Dateline, 20/20) & true crime novels, I found the psychological insight into these character fascinating! As a finicky reader (if a book loses me, I put it down) I can HIGHLY reccomend GONE GIRL.
Unexpected and switching plot, great writing, after a while impossible to put down. A different kind of genre: crime meets marriage counseling. If you like twisted and morbid stories, and /or is interested in the dynamics of a relationship, you will like this one.
If you haven't read this book, you must.  Narrarated by two characters makes the book very cool.  It is interesting to see the two sides to the story.  Gillian uses such great attention to small details and brings them back later on.  She's the best author I know.
I love this. The twists and turns were unpredictable and always elicited an emotional response. I even liked that things didn't always work out how I wanted them to. This is the only book that I would spend this type of money on, it is well worth it. Well written.
Saw the movie first...then read the book and was not disappointed even when knowing the outcome.  Book was better but movie did a nice job of picking overall concept.  WOW, what a screwed up marriage...made my almost 40 years of marriage seem impossible but true!
The book was suspenseful in the beginning but once you found out how it really happened, you want to read more and more of how it was all planned and done. The ending was a let down but then you begin feel sorry for the husband to have to live with a crazy woman.
this was great.  i was not prepared for the ending which made it fun as well as keeping me on the edge of my Kindle for the whole book.  further, it caused me to read the 2 other books by the same author.  but i think Gone Girl was the best, but only by a little.
WOW! What took me so long to read it? Glad I waited to read before seeing movie. Saying, ""It's a great read"" is not enough. Really kept my attention, and that means more than five stars, believe me. If you still have not read it, what are you waiting for?
This book captivated me from the very start. Having had experience with sociopaths and psychopaths I felt the angst and frustration and fear Nick learned to live with. I almost wish there was a follow up novel, but my heart probably would not be able to stand it.
Just when you think you have figured out the ending of this very interesting takes on a classic who dun it story Flynn drops another bomb and your back to guessing again. I am an avid 'reader and can say this book shocked even me! One of my favorites of all time.
The book kept my attention, I couldn't wait to finish.  I figured out what was going to happen before it happened, but he story is great and well written.  The end surprised me, I guess she left it open for a second book A must read!  Can't wait to see the movie.
This book is incredible. It's very good to start out but then you get about half way through and you can't put it down. I read the second half of the book straight and can't get enough. Now I can't wait for the movie and the twist ending that is rumored to be had
This is way more than a beach read!!! I absolutely love this book... starting sharp objects next to see if lightning strikes twice! (I would love to review some of my favorite parts to go along with my rating, but its not possible without dropping some spoilers!)
I liked the main character's teasing us about his guilt or innocence throughout the first half of the novel.  I liked the wife's manufactured diary.  I was not happy with the ending.  A blackmail marriage arrangement.  I grew to despise the wife with a vengeance.
I read this novel and instantly purchased another Flynn book.  The characters and twist in this book were great.  I don't tend to read ""crime novels"" but I had to see what all the hype was about.  I really enjoyed it and can't wait to start sharp objects.
I liked this book a lot even though I don't read these types of murder mystery type books anymore. It was not gruesome. Both main characters were very interesting people. I loved how it was written especially how it starts. There are some good surprises in there.
I loved this book from start to finish.  It was a page turner all the way, keeping a girl that normally goes to bed at 10:00 up to the wee hour of midnight for 3 days straight.  My book club chose this as their February selection and all 10 of us gave it 5 stars.
I'd heard this was a great ""murder mystery"" book, but it was really so much more. It took me a few chapters to really get sucked in, but once I was t by ere was no going back. This book was gripping in a way I never could have imagined. Amazing on so many levels.
I've never written a review before, but this book is completely worth it! The story takes amazing twists and turns that keep you wanting more. It's an easy, fluffy read, so it's great to cuddle up under a blanket and crack open! I would absolutely recommend this.
My friends warned me that the end was abrupt and although I completely agree with them, I loved it!!  I loved the suspense, the characters,the writing.  I could not put it down. It was truly a great book and I recommend everyone to read it. Happy reading :)
I loved this book. It started out like many novels, a story about a writer(s). What do writers understand best? They focus on stories about struggling writers. However, the plot took a surprising turn, many a time, and I was completely hooked. Lots of fun, enjoy.
*written by the husband*Think about this scenario: I read this book during my lunch hours at work.  Well, today, my lunch hour was about up.  I have 15 pages left.  I don't want to put it down, because I still have no idea how it is going to end, and even though I have to get back to work,  I REALLY, REALLY want to know how it ends.Anyway, I go back to work, and I finished reading it.  Still mesmerized and creeped out.That's the kind of book I want to stand out in my head, the one where I must read it from start to finish, and even toward the end, I haven't been able to come close to predicting what's going on.  This will definitely stay with me for a while.I'll admit it was slow to build on part one.  I didn't really need to know about the Blue Book Boys, and that definitely was too much of a red herring that the author threw out.  It was extremely forgiveable though, once part two of this three-part book kicked off, and I don't count that as any sort of penalty.What works so well is its character development.  The characters ended up being so evil, and yet ironically they were evil in the most likeable ways.  The development of both Nick and Amy are complete, and I felt very much a part of each of their lives as I visit each of their twisted, sick minds.I have already taken a look at Flynn's other works, and I am definitely going to put them on my wish list.  In the meantime, if you like being in suspense, and being creeped out, definitely get this book.
What a great book! The twists and turns are really incredible from beginning to end! The author did a great job with the layout of the book so we got perspectives on both sides - brilliant! Absolutely Brilliant!I definitely recommend this book - go get it!
I think I'm the last person to read this book! I loved it. I wanted to see the movie but I like to read the book first. Looking forward to the movie. The only thing I dislike about reading the book after the movie is out is that the characters become the actors.
Excellent story. Fast paced. Very much like the main character. Yes, it's very X-Men(ish) but who cares. I love Sci-Fi no matter how repeatable the story ideas might seem. There is so much mystery involved about the main character, her mother and her upbringing.
I very much enjoyed the suspense of this book. Just when you think you know what will happen next, you get another shocking twist. The author is so detailed and creative and the plot is like a web so elaborately spun it is almost unfathomable. Great page-turner!
​Gone Girl makes excellent reading!  It starts out interesting and you are okay with the story and enjoying it.  Then things change and you are on the edge of your seat, not being able to read fast enough to see what happens next.  Will read more by this author.
If you're the kind of person who can figure just about any movie or book you're in for a treat with Gone Girl.  I was blown away by how lost/confused I was by this author.  Kudos for making my brain work extra hard.  An easy read that you won't want to put down!
This was a book that grabbed me from the beginning and kept my interest until the end.  The twists and turns of plot were well integrated and managed to engage me from start to finish.  Absolutely a must-read for anyone likes a story with intrigue and surprises.
The twist and turns are very captivating. I didn't want to put the book down. The end is disappointing and seems to drop off. It almost feel like the book had to end and that was the easiest ending. On the other hand, it could be an opening for a follow up book.
I loved (and sometimes loathed) the 2 main characters, Nick and Amy. Within the discrepancies of their personal points of view lie the mystery and truth of their story. Elegantly and chilling told. I simply could not put this book down and I highly recommend it.
This is the first book that I have read by Gillian Flynn but have subsequently bought her other two books. She is the master of the sick mind and twist in the tail, you can't believe that there could be people out there that are like the characters in her books.
I don't usually read books like this, but once I started, I couldn't put it down. It's well written, fast paced and inventive. I'm a psychotherapist and I still couldn't figure out what all the characters' angles were until the end. It was a great vacation book.
One of the best character studies in recent memory. The twists and turns never stop along with ever changing  allegiance, disbelief and discuss. A must read for folks that like we'll written suspense. I would definitely recommend this to any thinking BOOK lover.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat! You start off thinking one thing happened and something completely out of nowhere happens. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good thriller/mystery!
This is one of the best books I have ever read. It is so mentally frightening. Definitely kept my interest as  I read  it word for word. I never wanted to put it down or for it to end. I would recommend it for anyone that enjoys a good book about deviant minds.
The book started out pretty slow. I had to start it overestimate 3 times before I could get into it.  But once you get past the intro... It becomes pretty exciting and I couldn't put it down. Scary to think there might actually be people like this in the world.
Great novel, 10 min before finishing the book I still didn't know what the end would be like. It could have gone many different ways. Now I can' wait to see the movie - though right now it seems very difficult to me to create the same uncertainty on the screen.
Great psychological thriller. Could not put it down, waiting to see what happens next. If you saw the movie, the book explains a few things better.  I liked the character developement . The writing gives you this ominous feeling of dread, and decay of  the city
There is a chance you won't immediately be intrigued by this book as I was. I implore you to hang with it. Before long, you won't be able to put it down...or control the goose bumps! Yikes! Unique writing style that is extremely effective and spawns creepiness.
Flynn style of writing is different than any I have read before. Dedicating every other chapter to the main characters was a great writing technique. I knew he did not kill her and I expected it to be a set-up from the wife but NEVER anticipated the ending!!!!!
This is just a darn good mystery novel that keeps your attention on every page. It is full of love & hate, happiness & sadness, hopeful & sad. The author had unbelievable imagination that kept the reader in suspense the whole time. There is lots of other side l
It was bought by a recommendation from a friend and B-) it was she right. I loved this book and finished the last two hundred pages on a four hour flight. The ending was frustrating but overall a great read. Definitely will purchase more books from this author.
I don't usually read a thiller or mystery but this one was capitvating and suspenseful. I thought that the style of showing both characters inner monologue was well done and really gave the reader that omnipresence in a story that keeps twisting and surprising.
After the stunning debut and an ok follow up, the author is back to being at her best. This is an unpredictable tale of hatred that wears the mask of love. It also is the praise of the familiar- better to be in a toxic relationship than risk starting a new one.
Brilliant writing...dizzying convolutions, yet utterly fascinating. Highly recommended for the sheer suspense. The storyline is  so ""out there""  that my ability to be seriously distressed  quickly gave way to an obsessive need to simply know what happened next.
I loved this book and could not wait to get back to it whenever I put it down. While the chapters go back and forth between a he said she said type format my opinion about what was going on changed every few pages. It's been awhile since I had a read like this.
Couldn't put it down.  Gillian Flynn was an unknown author to me and if it hadn't been for all the hype about the movie, I'd probably not have bought this book, but I'm so glad I.  Lots of twists and turns in this one.  Now looking forward to seeing the movie.
This is some book! A little slow at the beginning then I couldn't put it down after a few chapters. You think you know what is going to happen and then the story turns.Did he or didn't he kill her? Is she dead or alive? Read it - you won't believe how it ends.
I loved it all the way up until the end. It was beautifully written and the twists kept coming. I won't spoil anything...and even with the ending the way it was, I still loved it.Not everything has to have a fairy tale ending to be an amazing book.
Absolutely the best novel I have read recently.  The plot had so many dips and turns that I was always sure that I had it figured out, but was I so surprised!  Truly a book for all who like psychological mysteries!  This one will stay on your mind for a while!
Wow!, what a ride! I had heard good and bad about this book and decided , finally, to see for myself. Ms. Flynn keeps your attention throughout and then drops you and keeps you thinking far beyond ""what if"". I can't wait to start another Gillian Flynn.
Could not put this book down!  So many twists and turns,  it almost gave me whiplash.  Just when I thought I knew where it was heading,  it did a 180!  Things are definitely not what they seem.  Can't wait to see the movie.  Just hope they do the book justice.
I used to read books all the time.  After I had a stroke three years ago, I was lucky to read three books a year.  I couldn't concentrate, and could only read a chapter at a time.  This book was so good that I read it in three weeks.  Thank you Gillian Flynn!!
The best book I  have read in a long time. The reader starts with one opinion and then finds they were wrong. The character development and story line are very cleverly crafted giving the reader lots to think about and constantly questioning their own opinion.
I am nit usually attracted to thrillers but read this as part of a book group.  I liked it so much that I read Gillian Flynn's first two novels as well.  What a treat!  I have discovered a new genre as well as a fabulous author.  Cannot wait for her next book.
Great book.  Very well written.  I love how the chapters go back and forth from one characters' perspective to the other.  Flynn is a fantastic novelist and Sharp Objects and Dark places are also must-read books.  I can't wait for another one from this author!
This novel had me from the moment I opened the book!!!! I had to force myself to put it down and sleep...so it took me two days to read it. This was a mystery with all sorts of twists and the end just makes you gasp in awe. I highly recommend you to read this.
I really loved the book with all the twists andturns.  However, i hated the ending!!!At least five other office staff felt the same way.In fact I don't think I will buy her other booksbecause they may end the same way...awfulLynne
I was late in reading this, after the film had come out etc.. and I thought I knew what was going to happen, turns out I didn't!  Fascinating read into truly screwed up (or totally freed from society norms?) minds.  I very much enjoyed and left me thinking...
I gave this book 5 stars! I love a good suspense, and this story is suspenseful from beginning to end. My guesses on what would happen next were never correct. I  have already recommended this story to many people and hope that they enjoy it as much as I did.
WHAT A STORY!!! FOR SUMMER OR ANYTIME READING.NARRATIONS BY BOTH HUSBAND & WIFE ADD A DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE TO THE TALE. READER WILL LOVE & HATE EACH OF THEM AT THE SAME TIME.I KEPT ASKING MYSELF WHERE AUTHOR CAME UP WITH THE MANY NUANCES OF THE STORY....
Great book.The breath-taking plot twists are matched by the brilliant writing style.And then there is the daring psychological insights reflecting the fallibility of the species priding itself in its capacity for loving relationships .A must
This book was unique, thought provoking and frustrating. Every time you think you know what's going to happen ,it changes. While I didn't feel satisfied at the end, I loved and hated that it wasn't a pat story. It was well written and extremely entertaining .
For me, self-admittedly not a reader, I finally finished this book.  It took me awhile to get through the first 60-70 pages, and from then out, I couldn't put it down.  Flynn constantly wants you to keep reading to see the next twist in the story.  Thrilling.
This book came very highly recommended and it didn't disappoint. Great character development and a story that just won't quit. The plot development is superb and of course the ending is what one would hope from such an good writer. I do plan to read it again.
At first, I found this book interesting but not very intriguing. It didn't really become good until the second part of the book. I finished it in a matter of days. This book kept me on edge full of suspense. It's the perfect book to read over a holiday break!
Gone Girl was a hard book to read when you have had mental illness in your family.  It demonstrates the dilemma that mentally ill people (and their families) live with ... that they must recognize their problem and voluntarily submit themselves for treatment,
I wanted to read this book before it gets made into a film, which if you read the papers, is about to happen.Its brilliant - You have to stick with it though, we're kept waiting by the author for the hook  - once its in however there is no getting away.
I kept changing my mind - first I would think ""the husband had to do this"", then I would think, ""no, he couldn't have done this.  It was someone else.""Such a page turner!!!  Now that I have finished it, I must read it again and savor it.
This book was great.  I am sad that the author doesn't have more novels out there.  I devoured this book.  The ending was so perfect that it didn't have you hanging for more...except another story as good.  Certainly the best work of fiction I read this year.
This book was engaging from the start. I don't want to give too many details but it was a great read! There were many twists and turns which made it a very emotional read with an ending that has many readers fuming. I can't wait to discuss it at my book club.
This book haunted me because I know people like this.  Ever since I read the Sociopath Next Door that claims 4% of the population is scociopathic, I have noticed folks like these characters in my life--yes the story is out there, but I think it is believable.
This is a marriage gone wrong in the worst way.  Not your average formulaic story about marriage and disappearance.  Many plot twists and unexpected changes.  Gillian Flynn is an excellent writer.  I just finished SHARP OBJECTS and was a fan of that one, too.
I thought this book was intriguing and it made me want to read the rest of her books as well (which are equally well written).  She has a great way of drawing you into even her unlikable characters.  And then there is always a great plot twist at the end too!
The five stars are more for the plot than for the writing, though the book is well written. The twists and turns are often, for me at least, unexpected but believable, and the protagonists are interesting and frightening. Now I'm very curios to see the film!
Smartly structured, well written, full of surprises and somehow satisfying.  I like the book better than the movie because the characters motivations are more clearly detailed.  Even so, the printed page and the movie visuals do reinforce each other.  Enjoy.
Just when you think you've got it figured out as to who did it, the story takes a twist. Keeps going right up to the end. Love to know what happens after but I guess you have to let your imagination take over. I can see the movie now that I've read the book.
This was a book that you have to read.  Most people I talked to did not like it but I thought was well written and thought out.  I felt that the outcome would be as it was but was shocked at how we got there.  Wondering how Gilliam thinks.  Wow!  I liked it!
This book is so completely mind blowing I am in shock. Never a dull moment, fast paced, and kept me on my toes the entire time. I could never guess the ending because the story is so fantastically interwoven. Definitely spend the $10. It's worth every penny!
This was writing at its best form.  I was angry and accepting of the main character's fate.  You must read this book.  The writer leaves you with a look of astonishment.  You can't be mad at the protagonist's fate or can you?  Read it.  It is truly worth it.
Held my interest from beginning to end.  Characters feel quite real.  Filled with plot twists, which helped to build the characters and keep the reader's interest.  Would highly recommend.  Great book to take to the beach, or wherever your travels take  you.
This book kept the reader in suspense throughout.  She is a scheming psycho bitch.  He is fighting for his sanity and future.  It is so sad.  He will live the rest of his life looking over his shoulder.  I feel for him...yet he is only a character in a book.
Its real and I love her humor and honesty! Me and my four young children have lyme and have to travel to DC for treatment.  There are no lyme literate doctors in our area.  This book is so awesome because she gets and none of my friends or family understand.
This is the second book I have read by Gillian Flynn. What a fantastic writer she is. If you are looking for a book that you can not put down...this is the one. The characters are ones you will not forget. I look forward to reading her book Dark Places next!
I really enjoyed it. I listened to it on audible and suggested it to a bunch of friends. The author did a great job with the twists and turns. It's what they call a page turner.  I thought the narration was wonderful as well. I would definitely recommend it.
This is one excellent read. Gillian Flynn is a very clever author.  I loved how the story was wrote from the perspective of both the main characters and right up to the end I was guessing the outcome.  I would not hesitate to recommend this book.  Excellent.
What a book.  Not only was the writing style unique, but every chapter kept you guessing.  If  you are looking for a book that you can't predict the ending and you sit at the edge of your seat with each page flip, this is the book for you.  Highly recommend!
I didn't want to put this book down.  It is amazing how the author developed all the details that were woven together so perfectly.  Although I couldn't wait to see how it ended, I would have liked it to continue a little longer.  Great and interesting book.
I have never read Gillian Flynn before and really enjoyed this book, quite a page turner, written from both sides of the marriage. It will create doubt and keep you guessing.  Good enough for me to purchase another of her books, hope it's as good as this one
This is one that starts off slowly, and gains momentum and interest, then ends with a wonderful twist. I didn't like the characters, and got sucked in anyway, and at the end loved the justice they wrecked on themselves. Hate the title of the book though.....
Great read. Looked forward to ant chance to site with this book, and see just what Gillian Flynn would make these characters go through. If you're not familiar with Flynn's work be warned, she is down right mean to her characters. But boy is it fun to watch.
Super wonderful book written so well it was easy to read even though situations were complicated.  Just loved the story and recommend it even though I am not a mystery fan.  Good switch-a-roo for those always reading non fiction books which I usually choose.
Loved this book!  I like to read on my Kindle and make notes as to what I think is going to happen or ""whodunit"".  I then can tell how early in the book if I figured out the plot.  Guess some of the plot early, but it did have some twists and turns!
Very interesting book... I did NOT see the movie, I wanted to read the story first so I had no idea what was going to happen. Complete surprise for me and I hope there is a second? I finished wanted to read more.  Personally I thought it was very well done.
This book is such a page turner! Of course the movie is out now, and it is incredibly similar to the book, so if you have seen the film there is no need to read the book. But it is a great read. Very insightful and suspenseful, with a couple of cool twists!
Nick meets the Amazing Amy and the sparks fly.  Five years later, on the day of their 5th anniversary, Amy disappears!  Thus begins a game of cat a mouse.  A battle of wits and the struggle to survive.  Keep your friends close, but keep your enemies closer?
I read this book pretty fast as I wanted to keep turning the pages to see what happened next. It threw me for a loop about halfway through, and I like that element of surprise. The ending fell kind of flat for me, but all in all, I really enjoyed this book.
This novel held my interest from the very beginning.  Lots of twists and turns.  Just when I thought I had it figured out, a new turn!A book I want to re-read just because it was so suspenseful!  Highly recommend this book if you like suspense novels.
The book was a fascinating and compelling read; very easy flow and completely new approach to your typical crime novel/thriller. Loved the writing style and English. Well written and funny. One of those books that you are sad when you have finished it. Lisa
After hearing so many recommendations, I had high expectations--and the book lived up to them.  It's suspenseful, mysterious, and it tugged my heart strings.  I love a novel that holds me prisoner until I read the final page, and this book did exactly that!
I think this book was a great and quick read! At first it starts off a little slow, but it surely picks up the pace. I will definitely be checking out her other books as well. This story definitely has some twists and turns and would make for a great movie!
I couldn't put this book down, it kept me guessing through the entire thing. Just when I thought I had it figured out, wham, it goes a different direction. It's a great read that I couldn't wait to see what would happen next, but am now sorry I've finished.
This book was extremely slow and difficult for me to get into at first. Half way through the book that all changed, totally sucking me in! I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a book you literally never want to put down, or end for that matter.
I seriously read this book cover to cover in one day... It's been a while since I've read a book that good!  It is so intense and well written.  This is the first book I've read from this author and I loved it so much I bought all of her books on my kindle.
You hate and love both characters at different times, and sometimes you disliked them both, always keeping it interesting. I couldn't stop listening to this and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I also loved the narrators, who added an additional element to the book.
I had watched the movie ""Gone Girl Gone"" and decided to read the book. The movie follows the book pretty much except for a few parts which did not change the plot. It is a good book, however, I wish I had read the book first then watched the movie.
This was an a very interesting, well written story.  I love the two perspectives of what was happening and the humor was awesome.  Every turn was a surprise.  I really enjoyed the writing style and the way it flowed.  But it was also very though provoking.
Spectacular. Loved the writing style. I actually read this after watching the movie (I liked the movie a lot so I wanted more gone girl) and it was worth it. The book is great in its own regard and has enough differences from the movie to stay interesting.
This novel was over the top. I can't remember sitting and reading for 5 hours at a time. Finished the book on Friday evening and ran to the movie on Sunday at noon. Movie followed  the book to a T! Down loaded her other two books and starting them shortly.
I kept reading chapter after chapter thinking most couples go through this transformation, maybe subliminal, covertly tipping toeing though the mind each day loving and hating their spouse because they resent the invasion of another in their private space.
I really liked this book. It was suspend up and I didn't know how it was going to end! Shared with a few friends already. I don't recommend reading over a long period of time though. It's the type of book where you need to read it in less than a few weeks.
I never heard of this author. Once I started reading it was very enjoyable. Ending was little letdown. Up to that point, it was well written, really captured your attention and made you wonder what is coming next. I will read the other book by this author.
I really enjoyed this story and the characters.  At times I found it difficult to put down.  Just the kind of book I like, one that keeps you involved and that you feel a bit let down when it's over.  In my opinion, Gillian Flynn is a good thriller writer.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  Completely captivating, sucks you in...you don't want to put it down.  With surprises all along the way. I would have liked a different ending, but that is just the ""happily ever after"" girl in me.
Just so you know, the book starts out slow.... and then there is a moment in the book where you state aloud ""holy moly!"" This book is good. My book club is reading it right now, and everyone is telling me they are looking forward to talking about the book!
This was a real thriller. Didn't know what the author didn't want me to know until she wanted me to know it. Wow.I really enjoyed this book. I am going to read her other books now. Stellar.
This is a great read, with surprises at every turn...the ending is absolutely mind blowing, you won't see it coming no matter how much you try to figure it out.Guys- Read this book before you get married, it'll teach you to stay clear of crazy
Will read this one again! Seldom do I find a book that deserves a second, third read this is one. The twists & turns kept me involved. The way the book is written is engaging. Better thanking the movie by far. Glad I read it first before seeing the movie.
This is one review where you can't say to much because you don't want to spoil it.  Superb characterization both male & female written equally well. If the authors name wasn't on the book I could not have told you their gender.  This is one haunting read.
After hearing all the reviews about the movie, I decided I wanted to read this novel before I saw it in theaters. I'm glad I did. This was a suspenseful read with a few unexpected twists. I enjoyed it and look forward to checking out more of Flynn's work.
You just become so consumed trying to separate the truth from the lies. Nick isn't like many protagonists. He's hard to like and I think that's what makes the transporting events all the more interesting. Gone Girl is an unnerving tour Dr force of a book.
I loved the twists and turns of this mystery.  I could feel the emotions of all of the characters.  Even the side players were well developed and interesting.  The only thing I didn't like was the ending.  I wanted more.  I want to know what happens next.
A modern classic and a must read.  You never know what's going to happen from one page to the next and it's the most deliciously satisfying mystery I've had to pleasure to read. I couldn't put it down once I started the book.  I was hooked from the start.
Read it😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄🏨⛪️⛺️🏰🏫🏢⛪️⛺️🏫🏢🏢 hgtyb hgtv Hogg Hugh Hugh's hhhh hhhh hhh kilter HDR hbftf he Read it😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄🏨⛪️⛺️🏰🏫🏢⛪️⛺️🏫🏢🏢 hgtyb hgtv Hogg Hugh Hugh's hhhh hhhh hhh kilter HDR hbftf he
So twisted but I couldn't put it down. Amy's manipulation and psycho brilliance is outrageous. Typically I don't like books who switch back and forth from different characters each chapter but this book was well written and interesting that I didn't care.
Is it possible to find a crime story hilarious? Yes, it is! This novel gets inside the mind of a couple, what they really think of each other, and the result is surprising and funny... sometimes very scary! Great writing, not a dull moment for the reader.
Absolutely loved this book. I think the ending coulda been a tad bit better and the first 20-30 pages were a lil slow moving but once it started I could not put it down!!! Cannot wait To read sharp objects next and them more after that! Great book!!
This book had me glued in an instant! I had been told about it ages ago but like Jimmy Fallon, I was late to the party on this one. I guarantee when reading this book you will begin to question what you would do in such a situation. Great read for anyone.
I loved the book and the way each chapter switched back and forth between the two main character.  It kept me thoroughly involved and hated to put it down.  BUT, I did not like the ending, I was hoping for something more or definitely a different outcome.
I really liked this book! I read some of the negative comments before I read the book and found that none of the complaints seemed valid after I read the book. I liked the twists and turns in the book and have recommended it as my choice for my book club.
Again WOW...and I mean WOW! I'm so glad I dont have Gillian Flynn's mind, but to read her stories and visit her thoughts is both compelling and scary! This is my 2nd novel by her...waiting to open dark places but I need some mental space. I'm just amazed.
Couldn't put it down. Great read.
I really liked this book. It was a kindle purchase for a vacation and it kept me engaged while reading. I would not use the word Thoughtful for the mood, but it is thought-provoking so I chose the word thoughtful because none of the others seemed to fit.
I watched the movie before reading this book and I wish that I hadn't. The movie did a wonderful job with the story, so I did not get the suspense reaction that someone cold reading this would have. The story is AWESOME though! Definitely recommend this!
This book has it all: descriptive narration that is brilliant and dark and humorous. An unflinching look at the negativity of relationships. But just when you think you've got things figured out... it's also a compelling mystery that you can never guess.
Wasn't quite sure what to expect, but wasn't disappointed! Loved how the book was organized with the ""he said; she said"" accounts. By the end of the story, my sympathies for the two main characters had completely reversed! Read it in record time!
It's not often that I immediately search for more books by an author I just read!! This was most definitely the exception! This is an attention getter and hard to stop once you start. Very unpredictable which I totally love!  Now.......on to Dark Places!
Could not put the book down.  Better than great descriptions that are hilarious. One sentence visuals like; 'he should cough out Tweety Bird feathers the way he smiles at me.' What a visual.......This is my first book by this author and I will read more.
Whew! Twist all over the place. Read the book in the 2 weeks leading up to the film(Excellent adaption of the book by the way). So well paced. It just builds and builds and really keeps you guessing. Mrs. Flynn...well done. Can't wait to see what's next.
Kept my attention for three days until I could finish.  Being a mental health therapist kept me guessing who was more pathological in this marriage.  The author did a great job of narrating both spouses and providing backdrop to this most twisted ending.
Unbelievable. A well written suspense thriller that does not follow the typical format. Provides a believable insight into the 2 main characters yet you can't fathom their psychology. The ending is definitely a 'your jaw drops & your mouth hangs open'!!!
Wonderful I read other views that were not favorable but this was not the case. I enjoyed the story line immensely. It was brilliantly plotted. I referred this book to two other people and they felt the same about it. So I have to say amazing Gillian!!!!
After having a child I had lost track of my love of reading. This was the perfect book to light that fire again and make me excited to read again. I couldn't put it down and when it was over I had already planned my next one! Great novel start to finish!
If you want a book you can't stop reading, this is it! I don't usually reach for these types of stories, but a friend told me what I'm telling you and she was right - once you start, you can't stop! I will definitely look for other titles by this author.
I enjoyed reading this book because it moved quickly, took unexpected turns and kind of played with my head.  And I found that very entertaining.  Good and bad, male and female, antoagonist and protagonist are not what they seem.  A thoroughly good read!
I know people like that...scarry! Gillian Flynn you have the IT! This is must read before any marriage agreement...In other words don't get married until you know this story and then engage for long long time so you may avoid your own personal gone girl.
This book is so full of surprises that it keeps you glued to the pages. Very clever writer. I was very grateful to Amazon for shipping it so quickly so that I could get the book and start reading as soon as my book club chose it as our book of the month.
You start out with these two like-able people - you want to root for them, their relationship ... and then you just can't foresee what happens next ... the twists and turns of the story line are unfathomable ... I can't say more without spoiling the end.
This book went wayyyy beyond my expectations. All I can say is you must read this book. You will not pick what happens next. Completely twisted, edge of the couch exciting, and very satisfying!
This is the best read i have had in a long time ! The twists and turns keep your interest so well its hard to put down once you've started. I've already recommended this book to several people.
Do I need to say it?  Just read the book.  Everyone has told you to already.  It is perfection and literally the best mystery I have ever read, despite the fact that I KNEW THE ENDING BEFORE I STARTED (spoilers ruin lives).  It's that good.  Buy it now.
This book was recommended by a good friend, we recommend a lot of books to each other. The beginning of the book was a struggle to keep me reading, but I stuck it out because of the recommendation. Keep with it, the story is well worth it! Twisted sh*t!
This story has the twists and turns of an old country road. You cannot see around the corner. While I loved the book, the ending disappointed me. Apparently, I'm not the only one. If you like in-depth character development with your whodunit, read this.
Fast paced well written book. I loved the way it jumped from his and hers perspective... Hope the movie does it justice. I was slightly disturbed by how ""messed up"" their relationship is... But then society has become so calloused to that stuff.
Cofusing story got better. There were parts where I didn't like either character and then I finally so wrapped up in it, I couldn't put it down.  Couldn't believe the layers of this story.And by the way, I think I'll put a lock on my bedroom door.
This book was amazing. I couldn't put it down. I love a thriller, especially one that includes the main character as a sociopath. I loved the langauage of text and the differing view points. Never read a book quite like it. One of the best plots I read.
It's hard to put down this book once you start. You see yourself taking sides, only to switch a while later and then realise, you are being messed with. Enjoyed the nail biting plot, rounded, idosyncratic characters and a convoluted, gripping narration.
This book is good. It throws you in so many different directions that you don't know which way is up. The characters are carefully peeled back like an onion to reveal the brutal truth. Slow beginning, but picks up quickly and then you can't put it down.
Gillian Flynn has written a real page turner full of interesting characters...on of whom is so deceitfully psychotic, it's hard to even recognize it.  Flynn stays away from what could be a cliche story line and really brings you on a ride. A great read!
This is a really good story. I hope no one as devious as the wife 'Amy' reads it, food for thought about the perfect crime. I really wanted her to be caught, it's a tease to have an open ended thriller I know, I just like closure. It's a personal thing.
I love Gillian Flynn!  This is the 3rd book I've read of hers and definitely the best.  It is awesome.  I cannot write much because of giving anything away--all I can say is it has been on the best seller top ten list for 35 weeks straight!!!!!!READ IT!
I was hesitant to read this because I don't like ""scary"" or creepy stuff but this book is nothing like I imagined. It was absolutely amazing. I couldn't put it down once I started and read late into the night and finished the book in 4 days. Great read!
Having just finished this book not 10 minutes ago..I had to stop and give a review.Bear with me, I'm not a real reviewer..there's no Amazon gold star next to my name.But I am a reader. Avid. Like, 1-2 books a week for 25 years(with some years skipped).Never, ever, have I been so absorbed by a book. The palpable tension, the roller-coaster plot, the DEEP dive into the mind of Man, mind of a Woman, the dynamic of a marriage .... all make this a book that will a) make your skin crawl b) make you think hard about good & evil or c) wonder what the heck your better half is really thinking.  Oh yes, it's a love story.This story demanded my complete attention in the 3 days it took to read.And while I could glimpse the ending before the ending, it was still a rare treat to read the book until the last page.Wow.On another note: I'm in a bind. Coincidentally I have a  good friend who's celebrating her 5 year anniversary, and while her and I share similar taste in books,this book is not for the squeamish or easily offended. So much so that I'll think hard before I giving it as a gift...
READ THIS NOVEL...a genuine suspense novel filled with twist and turns. Starts off slow put perseverance will have u reading a winner right up to the last page. Gives new meaning to wimpy cheating men with no backbone and crazy bitches, with no hearts.
This story was a little slow at the beginning but once I got about 1/4 of the way in it was really good and exciting and I was really into the story.  I read it before I saw the movie which was great because I didn't know what was going to happen next.
Wow - best written book I've read in a long time! So many twists and turns, but in a great way. Not sure how I felt about the ending...so don't know if i'll see the movie now, but very glad I read the book. Usually I'm a skim reader, but not this time!
I saw the movie and had to read Gillian Flynn's writing. I start with her other stories before starting Gone Girl. Now I am left to wait for her next tale. I hope it is not a long wait because Gone Girl is simply one of the best books I have ever read.
A great read.  No wonder this title was snatched for the big screen.  The writing is tight, logical, and suspenseful - although somewhat stretched for the storyline at times.  Gone Girl keeps you guessing what will come next.  Amazing Amy is 'amazing!'
This is a psychological adventure right from the beginning, that twists and turns just when the reader thinks they have put the entire picture together. Written from two points of view, the book casts a spell on you even after you have reached the end.
Actually I should give this book 1 star because I really hate books that I can't put down, that keep up all night when I have to get up early, and makes me wonder all day what is happening next...I now see why it was a #1 New York Times Bestseller.....
Gone Girl is not your everyday mystery novel. By the time I finished reading this book I was not sure who were the ""good guys"" and who were the ""bad guys!"" I even read the novel twice jut to make sure I got that all straight in my head.
This book keep me on the edge of my seat.  I could not put it down even when I was mad at the twist and the turns, which in the end I loved.  Just as I thought I knew what was happening next the author threw me another curve ball.  Very entertaining !!
Gillian Flynn has managed to put forth a portrait of a complicated marriage through honest, clear, and sometimes funny dialogue, while at the same time spellbinding us with a smart whodunit.  Makes you want to read her other novels as soon as possible.
I purposely did not read any spoilers about the book or movie, so this was super fun to read. It unfolds page by page. My husband is now reading it and I love hearing his comments as he reads it. Can't wait to talk it over with him and watch the movie.
A great read! This book is very engaging. You won't want to put it down. I gave it five stars because I want all adult females to read it for the sheer pleasure of a good time. I had lots of other ideas for an ending and I think it could have a sequel.
This was such a GREAT book! I am actually sad that I finished it!!! So crazy!! so many twists and turns.. you will love the characters, then you will hate them, then you'll feel sorry for them!! I definitely recommend it! One of my favorite books now!!
This book is one of those that is hard to put down.  In the beginning, it seems like a story cut out of the headlines, but then comes the twist!  It is an interesting tale of how difficult it is to really know someone and how lives become so entangled.
I loved it. Couldn't put it down. Creative web of words that leaves you sucked in. You love and hate the characters and find enjoyment in their observations and wit. Not too crazy about the end but I suppose we all fake it til we make it in this life.
Great book, totally enjoyed itLots of twists and turns, some explicit sexual language, but just to emphasize the plot or characters< Can't say at the end of the book I liked any of the main characters very much, but it was an enjoyable read.
Absolutely, a wonderful read.  I would have liked for more detail at the end of the book.  The beginning of the book and middle seemed to be very detailed, and towards the end, it was hurry up and get it finished.  Still, very good! I would recommend!
I really enjoyed this novel. It's generally fast paced and well written. The characters seem real and have depth. I was sucked into the story, even though I had already seen the movie and knew what was going to happen. I highly recommend reading this.
This story is a complete mind warp!  From page one to the last sentence the reader has no clue what comes next. Rich and intricately woven, Gillian Flynn's characters are superbly constructed. Everyone needs to read the book prior to seeing the movie.
The more you read the more you want to read. This has more disturbing twists in a marriage than one could imagine. Most married couples will feel a bond with both parties until the severity turns an ugly twist. Definitely going to see this movie, too!
I gave this five stars because it kept me literally at the edge of my seat. This book has more twists than any ruler coaster. I'm truly looking forward to the movie that is coming out soon. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a true who didn't.
So many twists and turns hard to keep up.  Almost  a new beginning in every chapter.  Love a book that keeps me guessing to the end and this one did.  Only thing I didn't like is the ending and the END. I look forward to a sequel.  I know it's coming.
This book was well written and the suspense is palpable. I both love and hate both the main characters at the same time which is quite a feat to pull off. you can tell the two main characters were meant to be with each other since they are both crazy.
After reading the first couple of chapters of this book I was contemplating not finishing it.  But I was on vacation and figured I should keep reading and I'm glad I did.  The twists in the book were really good.  Definitely one I recommend to others!
What a great story with some seriously unexpected curves ahead!  A beautiful and perfect wife goes missing and the cad of a husband is left behind to solve the mystery.  Both characters change so much that the mystery keeps you guessing until the end.
This book grabbed me from the first pages. It was an easy read and it will invoke many emotions. The author did a great job weaving the story together. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a good book. This book needs to be a movie!
This book really had me fooled for the first half and just when I thought I knew how it would end...it didn't happen the way I thought.  Great reading although it was a bit too dark for me.  Really enjoyed it but I won't be reading more of this genre.
Found this book completely intriguing. Thoroughly enjoyed the plot which I found to be rather unusual but which absorbed me totally. Found the characters very interesting and quite complex. Would recommend it to people who enjoy suspense and intrigue.
What a brilliant book.  I am not even a great ""thriller"" fan; however, the reviews were intriguing and I gave up the cash (I am relatively cheap) and bought the book.  Boy, did I get my moneys worth (or is it money's worth?  Amy would know).  Now how did Gillian write this book where the reader did not necessarily dislike the villian?  I didn't like the villian, but I did not hate the villian...it was  strange, I just wanted to see what happened next.  How would this translate into a movie (ummmmmm).I read this book in less than 2 days.  Stayed up late, late (3a.m.) reading it (I have never done this before).  It is a page turner.This is the first book I have read by Ms. Flynn.  I want to read another one, however, I have to get some rest from this one, it is kinda like wanting to watch ""I Love Lucy"" before going to sleep...I need to read some tom foolery before I enter Flynnland again - but enter again - I will.  What a brilliant writer!And just for the record: I thought the ending was quite good,as you will see, not the traditional tied in a  tidy little bow...I loved it.
Amazing, amazing AMAZING book. Full of twists and turns and is an amazing and suspenseful 'who done it' categorizing a marriage gone wrong. Twist ending that will leave the reader reeling and thinking back to this book long after they've finished it.
I could not put this book down! Did not much care for the ending. I love the way Gillian Flynn writes! So couldn't wait for the next page (every page) ! Headed out now to rent the movie. Amy? = shellfish, very bad lady who should not come out on top!
My husband and I read this together and were both completely caught up in the story.  Her writing style is great and the twists and turns of the story kept us guessing.  After we finished we saw the movie, and were really glad we read the book first.
I couldn't put this book down once I started it.  The plot really held my interest and I couldn't wait to see how it was resolved.  Well written characters and great twists throughout.  What an amazing mind Gillian Flynn has to put this all together.
Just when I was wondering what all the hype was about with this book, I got to the part where it suddenly got really interesting. I appreciate the thought put into developing an intriguing story with a couple of very smart (but messed up) characters.
It was a Book Club selection.  A few of the ladies thought it was slow at the beginning.  Then, as you got into the story, you couldn't put it down.  I liked Amy.  However, it certainly wasn't a novel that had you identify with any of the characters.
I really enjoyed this book and had a hard time putting it down!  I liked the way each chapter reflected the main character's thoughts and perspectives.  The characters held my interest throughout the book which was filled with many unexpected twists.
This was the first book that I've read in a long time that I literally couldn't put down.Would recommend to readers who have enjoyed Mary Higgins Clark's best novels as the pace, suspense and mystery in Gone Girl reminded me a lot of her style.
I had watched this book on the best seller list and read a review long before I bought it for Kindle. Everything written about it was true. It was truely captivating. I read it in a day and a half. HIGHLY recomend for anyone who likes a good mystery.
This was a great read.  The characters were well developed and I enjoyed the plot and pace of the story.  It kept me wanting to read to see what would happen next.  And the plot twists and turns were entertaining.  About the ending.  One word: Wow!!!
This story got my interest up right away and swayed me to one side and then the other all the way through.  The story kept me wondering up to the last page how it would turn out.  Great descriptive language.  I'll read her other books after this one!
I read the book long before the movie came out.  Book is MUCH better than the movie.  I describe Gillian Flynn as a ""darker"" writer, but not in an off the wall weird way (if that makes sense).  This is a good read and will keep you guessing.
I seen the movie before reading the book which I don't usually do. I have to say even though I knew what was coming the book was still great. There are little details you don't get from the movie (the movie was great also). These people are just WOW
Entertaining- surprised at turn of events-  can't belief that Amy and Nick are more screw up than my husband and me. So glad that there is a couple more dysfunctional  than us. How does someone think this up? I enjoyed it for the element of surprise
Loved this book! It constantly changed... You would read a page and think that you figured out what happened and then turn the page, and the story took a turn I never saw coming. Very well written. I read the whole book in just 2.5 days. Great book!
Very engaging. Had you constantly guessing and wanting to read on to figure it out. The ending was a little odd in that it was both satisfying and unsatisfying at the same time. But, hey...., who says all stories need to end with happily ever after?
Love the book!  With the exception of the language.  The overuse of the f word was a bit much for me. I am not a prude by a long shot but  I felt that the story was so good that it didn't need to use that word as much.  Otherwise, an excellent read!
I hate reading the book jacket - it gives everything away! So I began this book thinking it was a popular but predictable thriller. Instead , I was surprised by the story and the writing. Don't you find it's usually one or the other? Glad I read it.
An unexpected an enjoyable read which invites reflection on the depth of deception and dysfunction which can invade the minds of the individual and the bonds of a relationship. I truly enjoyed this book and will be reading more Gillian Flynn novels.
This book was really hard to put down. The first few chapters are slow, but once it picks up it is hard to put down. I really wish there was a sequel! A really good read and highly recommended if you don't mind violence, swearing and sexual content.
Im not typically a ""reader"" but I could not put this book down! It kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book. I couldnt wait to find out what would happen next. I even caught myself laughing out loud in a few spots. Loved it!
I got this book from my sister-in-law because she knows I love to read in any of my spare time. This was full of twists and turns so much so that I found myself talking with her almost daily about the happenings of this book as if it were real life.
Gillian Flynn definitely keeps you guessing throughout this one. Amazing storytelling--not only is it an awesome plot, it sheds light on a lot of interesting observations about today's media and the court of public opinion. Great read-couldn't stop!
this book is very good. the story starts one way and your blown away smack in the middle and the ending is also a new twist of events. it was a very entertaining read. would suggest anyone thinking of getting it to just do it!!!! it is a great book.
My book club read this book and we liked it!! Some of the members did not like the switching back and forth of the characters' story telling chapters, but I liked the style. I thought the style was necessary to understand the conclusion of the book!
This book was EXCELLENT!  It was the last book of the year for our book club.  And, it turned out to be the highest rated book for the year.  Everyone loved it.  I've also read Sharp Objects.  If you like that book, you will like this one even more!
This was a book was chosen by one of my book club members.  It was so good that another member selected another book by the same author for the following month.  Sharp Objects was just as good.  I'm anxious to see what else this author has to offer.
Both my wife and I agree that this was one of the best fiction novels we have read this year. We are still discussing Amy and Nick  within the context of love, trust and betrayal at the dinner table. I guarantee this story will stay with you a while
of course the ending was such a mess.but I loved the book. Got it on tape and couldn't get out of the car. Would sit in the car until I finished the chapter. It pulled me in and now I've told all my friend's would haven't read it or seen the movie.
I did something I usually don't do. I saw the movie...loved it until the ending and thought there HAD to be more! It couldn't be that good with such a sucky ending! So, I bought the book afterwards. YES, YES, YES! Much better ending than the movie!
Great, surprising, hard to put down. Because I always want to read the book before I see the movie, I haven't seen the movie yet. Could this really happen?  I don't know, but it was fun trying to guess what would happen next. I recommend this book.
Couldn't stop reading this book. Also did slot of yelling about what a birch Amy is. She is so wicked that she want to slap her and cheer at the same time. You know what's going to happen but you keep reading to find out why and what lead up to it.
This one was a page turner from beginning to end! Exciting with twists and turns throughout. I only hope the next book I read can come close to the excitement of this one. I've already ordered both of this authors other books and am soooo excited!!
Loved all the twists and turns, superb character development with a jaw-dropping ending. Unique story style where two sides of the same story are both told in first person. Gillian Flynn is a terrific writer, I will be sure to read her other works.
I didn't want it to end because I just knew it wasn't going to be how I wanted it to end.  Great book but like I named it creepy in a way that you wanted to warn Nick and tell him how to unravel his mess.  I thoroughly enjoyed page 1 to completion.
Ms. Flynn is a very gifted author.  She knows how to pull the reader into her story, making one sympathize with both characters.  In the end, one wonders who, what, or why it ended as it did.  I accepted the outcome, wondering if there is a sequel?
This book kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish. Flynn does a wonderful job of making Nick sympathetic despite his many flaws and the unreliable aspect if his narration. I've read Flynn's other books, but this is certainly her finest.
I was recommended this book by a friend! Man he didn't disappoint! This book has a lot of twists and turns. Some you think you are right about and then she throws a curve ball. If you like happy endings though, this is  not your writer. Great read!
I HAD BEGUN TO THINK THIS WAS BORING AND HAD DECIDED TO QUIT READING IT. tHEN i READ THE CHAPTER BY THE WIFE AND i BECAME HOOKED. iT WAS ENTERTAINING,INTERESTING, AND MOST UNUSUAL. NEEDLESS TO SAY i READ IT TO THE TOTALLY UNUSAL AND SURPRISING END.
This book is one of the better ones I've read this year.  It is hard to review without giving away any spoilers.  Just do yourself a favor and get this book. It takes mind games to the next level and will make you rethink all of your relationships.
Great read. Did not expect the book to be as complex as it was. The ending was a bit anti-climactic for me, but overall it had great character development and kept you at the edge of your seat. Highly recommend to anyone who loves a good thriller!
I read the hard cover book and thoroughly enjoyed it - a page turner.  I also saw the movie and enjoyed it, too.  I bought the DVD.  I just purchased the Kindle book to read again.Not everyone's interest but I like mysteries and drama.
The twists and turns kept me thinking about the story even when I had to put my Kindle down to do something else.  I kept changing my mind about if Nick had really killed Amy, or if something else had happened.  Best book I have read in some time.
My wife read this novel first and recommended it to me. The character development is excellent and the plot keeps you in suspense throughout the book. I found the ending a bit bizarre but not unbelievable. I'm just glad I didn't marry Amazing Amy!
I like how all the details of the case could be explained in three different ways. I also thought the characters thoughts and feelings were realistic and I recognized exactly what they meant. I miss reading it already, what am I going to read now?
I thought this was going to be a loser, then I got lost in the twists and turns of the story. There was a new angle almost at every chapter, and I was always surprised. this became a really interesting book that was hard to put down. A great read.
I had already seen the movie before reading the book, but it did not feel like ""take two"" or a rerun to me. More details and explanations in the book. Even at the end, I thought I knew which way it was headed, but was wrong.Great read!
This book had me gripped from beginning to end.  I enjoyed it very, very much.  I hope there is going to be a sequel.  Without giving anything away, I can't wait for a certain person to get their comeuppance .  Looking forward to seeing the movie.
This story is a plethora of insanity that has unforeseen twists and unexpected results. The heroes are not who they seem, and the antagonists turn out to be the least expected. A very sad, yet captivating story that has you guessing until the end.
Don't start this book in the evening if you have to get up early the next morning. I am usually able to figure out how a book will end by the time I'm halfway through it. With this one I had no idea... well, I had a sliver of an idea. I was wrong.
I 120% LOVED this book! It was full of so many spins and I never wanted it to end! This was my first Gillian Flynn book and it was recommended by a really good friend of mine whose an English Teacher! She NEVER fails to set me up with a good read.
Well-written, grabs you by the shirt, whips you around and keeps you enthralled to the very end.I am often reluctant to read much-hyped books but Gone Girl met the mark.  Just don't let any well-meaning referral spoil the plot for you!
I enjoyed this novel immensely. The main character is dead. The author meanders back and forth through time and from the conflicting viewpoints of the two main characters to solve the who, when, where, and why. A very good read for mystery lovers.
This book was so good that after I read it I listened to it and it made the book even better. It's such a deep look into relationships of resentment, manipulation, and eventual love and understanding. Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.
This is a really clever story that will grip from the first page..The characters are  unusual to say the least!It  moves at a pace but the ending was a little bit of a let down.This doesn't take from the overall enjoyment of the story.a must read!
To be honest, I struggled a bit through the first half of the book and almost set it aside several times, but once you get to the halfway point, all the earlier annoyances begin to make since and you literally at put this book down.  A great read.
Interesting writing style and story line that quickly draws you in. Each chapter provides alternating views from the perspectives of the main characters. An enjoyable read for anyone that appreciates a fast moving story with some twists and turns.
It took me almost a year to read this book but at a certain point in just couldn't put it down and read the last half of the book in two days. Brilliant concept. Very unique. Between this and Dark Places I am becoming a huge fan of Gillian flynn.
Overall, I enjoyed the book very much.  I found the ending somewhat predictable.  This was my first Gillian Flynn book, and I did enjoy it.  I am glad that I read the book before I saw the movie.  I have ordered her other two books for my Kindle.
Wow! This book is the epitome of greatness. The story so craftily written, a story so daring, cut throat, and appealing.  I literally woke up at the crack of dawn for two days just to read it. One of my favorite reads. Thank you Gillian Flynn!!!!
This is the first Gillian Flynn novel that I've read, and it is a great one. The overall suspense and tone of the story are impeccable. The author is very skilled at revealing slowly the action and plot. It is very difficult to put this one down.
As you read you question and go over the clues in your mind and try and predict the outcome.  The questions are:  Is anyone as they seem to be?  As innocent or as guilty?  Is anyone likeable or without an agenda?  A clever story of love and hate.
OMG!! I have suggested this book to so many friends.  I am dying to see if there will be a sequel, because the end totally leaves you wanting more.  I saw myself and people I know all through this book.  I can't say enough good things.  Read it!!
The plot was well crafted and kept me guessing, but the best part was the character development which managed to capture and portray an extreme version of modern marriage extremely well.  I haven't read any more of Flynn's work but I now plan to.
Wow !people you will love to hate. Reading this left me unsettled. I didn't know I could be drawn into understanding such completely flawed characters,rooting on for the demise of a fictional  person..The ending is perfectly unsatisfyingly flawed
I was hoping to find a book to become entertained/absorbed in and Gone Girl was just the one. Couldn't put it down. Both Nick and Amy were fascinating characters, and I, not being the murder-mystery type, was surprised just how much I enjoyed it.
When I first started reading this book, I thought, what's all the hype about?  Well it didn't take me long to get caught up in it and then I couldn't put it down.  I've neglected everything to finish the story, and what a finish.  Don't miss it!
Great book but you had better buckle in for lots of twists and turns you did not see coming.  Not a feel good book so if you are looking for a happy ending look elsewhere but if you want a great suspensful mystery this is a great choice.  Enjoy.
What a crazy read this was. I literally did not put this down until the last page. I had to finish, speed to the end to see who did the deed, who was the guilty party What a well written roller coaster of a novel. You must read this, asap.
I purchased it on Wednesday and was done by Saturday! Great plot and twist of charters!My daughter is 29 I can't wait for her to read this book, just so we can discuss it together.Looking forward to reading other Gillian Flynn books!
This was thoroughly gripping. We watch as each main character tells his/her story of a challenging and incendiary relationship. We're led down one path only to be drawn in another direction. The twists and turns make this book an excellent read.
I don't think I've ever stayed up all night to finish a book before Gone Girl.  The twists and turns captivate your attention until the very end.  Although the conclusion is a bit of a let-down, it doesn't tarnish the quality of this great read.
So many great surprises in this smart, scary, funny and extremely well-plotted novel. I love that it was set in Missouri, my home state, but even without that connection, the characters are so well shaped that you will miss them when you finish.
It started out a little slow but before you know it I couldn't put it down.  Gillian Flynn does an excellent job of leading the reader on and then before you know it the story takes a huge turn.  Excellent - I was on edge right up until the end.
We read this book for a book club that I belong too.  I am so glad this was chosen.  I couldn't stop reading it and you could tell there was going to be twists and turns but couldn't imagine what they were going to be...recommended for everyone!
Sick crazy whiskey tango foxtrot kinda book.  Really really great book. It was going in all kinds of directions. I will be buying other books from this writer. Really great story. I want to say more but would hate to give it away. Read the book.
Very, very skilfully plotted! I don't want to spoil it for those who haven't read it yet, so I won't say more than that the author is extremely clever at misleading the reader. However, I am not entirely sure that the ending is quite convincing.
Couldn't wait to read the book, couldn't wait to see what happens next, can't wait to see what GIllian FLynn offers next! Really enjoyed the suspense, hope she follows through with a sequel, so I can know how life ends up- for all three of them.
This was a great read!  The main character fascinated me and the storyline twisted and turned constantly, keeping the book in a roller coaster ride to the end.  It took me several pages to get into the story, but once I was hooked, I was hooked!
Man!!! What a great writer! I was pulled in immediately. Mostly because the style was unique, but as I kept reading I realize I was having definite emotional reactions about the characters and their actions.Very good. Read in 2 days.
This book was fantastic! There were so many twists and turns that I never knew what was going to happen which I absolutely loved.I changed my allegiances to characters a number of times. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good mystery.
I couldn't put this book down! It's a fast paced read with lots of unexpected twists. I bought the kindle edition on my honeymoon which was great because I could read it immediately and take it wherever I went. I'd definitely recommend this book
Do yourself a favor read this book. The criticisms I have read are just readers who don't like a book that ends without the normal bad guy gets it in the end. Best twists and turns and brilliant psychopath villain ever. Trust me, READ THIS BOOK.
i really enjoyed this book because its a lot different then the average mystery/suspense story. you definitely get hooked into reading it. I plan to see what else this author has written bc i enjoyed the smart style and off-the-beaten-path plot.
Best book I have read in a long time!!  Hard to put down, I read most of the book and finished it in one night. Read till morning! Brilliant and devious mind you have there  Ms Flynn :)
Fascinating novel (better than movie) with the twists and turns of the inner workings of a marriage, the diabolical pathological thought processes leading to choices and reactions the reader can only gasp at. Any way: read it!!
LOVED this book! Even better than the movie! I read the book before I watched the movie and still preferred the book. So suspenseful and never saw the end coming! The characters in the book were just so thought out and the story was incredible.
I figured out early on what was going on, so that part was predictable. However, I did not know how it was all going to play out. That part was very good!! I enjoyed the story all the way through and it was a fast can't put it down read for me!
Gone Girl is quite real to life, as an extreme case of revenge. Unfortunately lesser extremes of this type of frame-work are relatively common among humans of low moral character. Gillian Flynn has helped to enlighten the world to this reality.
This books is absolutely well written. At first I was skeptical of it because of all the hype clouded around the tittle. This book takes you on a psychological spiral through characters and the unending question: Why?A definite must read.
Was told several times to read it and I'm really glad I did.  It was twist after twist after twist in my opinion and I love that about a book.  It made it to where I never wanted to put it down and had to know what happened next.  A must read!!
I love mysteries and thrillers but this was totally unexpected with all the twists and turns in the plot. The ending was not what I would have liked but it was in keeping with the psychology of the two protagonists. Intriguing and well written!
Loved this book! I like her writing style as well as the twists and turns of the story line. If you are a fast reader like me the book will go fast. It's the kind of book you think about when you aren't reading it and can't wait to get back to.
I was determined not to watch the movie until I finally read this novel. This novel set such high standards that I hope the producer or director could attain! Incredible read! I read it in the span of three days. Now off to buy those tickets!!!
Am reading this right now and am almost finished. This book is written in a different style. Some may like this: I did. It is a mystery that creeps up on you. It is also about marital problems and marital bliss. Worth reading. Great characters.
The first half of the book went along in a way that I could tell something very strange was going on in these peoples lives.  The second half is engagingly surreal and I was shocked at the many levels of surprise endings.  Couldn't put it down.
I've been searching for a good book since some months ago, found Gone Girl and simply loved it!The way it's written between his and her history makes it easy to read and to imagine all what was happening in their life.Don't miss it!
Very well written and clever..fooled me and I'm always looking for the twist, usually I figure it out, but not this time. Lots of twists and turns in this one and hard to put the book down! I don't want to give too much away, so enjoy the read!
The book and movie are both very well done. I prefer the book as it goes into much more detail, but the movie definitely follows the book almost to perfection. I loved how you aren't sure what's going to happen next and keeps you on your toes.
This book was written in an out of the ordinary manner, jumping from He Said to She Said.  As you get further into the story it really grabs you.  I found myself not wanting to put it down and surprised frequently at all the plot twists.  WOW!
A thrilling read. Don't pass this one up. The film adaptation is also very, very good. I found that the book filled in some holes and expounded on some characters and their behaviors in a way that a film doesn't have the time or ability to do.
Great storyline.  wish it had a more defined ending.  I would recommend this book to everyone.  It took a while to become one of those books you can't put Dow, but when it did, I literally had to read until I finished.  Now I am sad it's over!
Awesome read; lots of twists.  Just when I thought I had the ending figured out, it took yet aother turn.  I would have never guessed the ending as it was . . . it's the only part of the book I did not like.  However, the book is a great read.
Terrific book.  Got hooked immediately and could not put it down.  The author's mind and writing technique is very catching as you wonder exactly where it is going and then you get there and just think WOW!  Can't wait to read her other books.
This is the first book I have read by this author and I could not put it down after about the first 50 pages.  Twists and turns aplenty.  I cannot wait to read another and see if this book was anomaly or if I have found my new favorite author.
Not many books keep me guessing but I was not expecting the ending to this book.  Well written and suspenseful.  Twisted characters who live twisted lives.  This book was recommended to me by a friend and I would recommend it to other friends!
This book came highly recommended and I, having finished it, agree. The author does an amazing job of introducing a character only to slap you in the face later with their true persona. Love the ending...though I'm not sure I can call it that.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  I read three or four books a month. I liked the characters at times they seemd likable and at times crazy/shallow people.  But don't we all expect someone to fill our needs and make us better?
I have to admit that I wouldn't read this book again, but I was enthralled by it when I did read it.  It just kind of sucks you in.  I haven't seen the movie.  If you don't get mad when you are reading this book, you aren't really into it. :)
A friend told me about this book and I found it to be everything he said it would be. I haven't seen the movie but I understand by those who are familiar with both, that the book is the better of the two. Movie is good but the book is better.
Great read. Gone Girl has an intricate plot that keeps the reader on edge and in the dark as to who is really the victim. Well written, fast-paced - it put me on a reading marathon to get to the end. I will read more of Gillian Flynn's books.
I hesitated reading this book, and then heard all of the rave reviews regarding the movie, so decided to read it. Was not disappointed, It really kept my interest and was a real page turner. I now have seen the movie, but the book was BETTER.
This is a brilliantly designed puzzle of a book, a contemporary mystery that takes you on an unpredictable wild ride. It's a page turner and psychological thriller. Once you pick it up, it's hard to put down. A perfect book for a long flight!
WOW!  An amazing book I couldn't put down -- won't go so far to call it a true ""whodoneit?"" because I figured it out and also the ending, but still...........a great read well worth your time and money!!!  Can't wait to see the movie!
OMG!  Loved it!  I found myself in a who slough of emotions on this one.  Highly entertaining!  I do believe the ending was a little anti climatic but I have found that with a lot of books, unfortunately.  I highly recommend reading this one.
I enjoyed every page of this novel. I read it over three days because I wanted to see how the story resolved, even though I knew how it ended. I highly recommend it as the entertaining novel it is. Very current in its references and settings.
This storyline was full of twists and turns, and the characters were well developed.  As a book club book, it made for a great discussion.  I loved how it takes some time to figure out that the main characters in the book are absolutely nuts.
Every time you think all the surprises are out - SURPRISE there's one more!  I read Gillian Flynn's other 2 novels also.  Readable but not nearly as good a page turner as this one.  Make sure you read this before the movie comes out next year
I loved this book!  Just when you think you've got it figured out, there's another twist or turn.  The author does a fantastic job of describing the relationship dynamics and then allowing them to play out.  I was glued from beginning to end!
This is a fun book to read. Full of twist and turns which is always fun, it kept me guessing until the very end. If I had one thing that I would say against it was the ending. Without giving it away I would have enjoyed a more settled ending.
I found Gone Girl well written and well paced.I wanted to keep reading because I needed to know the ending.It was interesting to read a book that was a little bit unusual and where the characters weren't all good or all bad.
This book has more twists than Lombard Street in San Fran. It was strange, different, full of the unexpected and once I got about a quarter of the way into it, I had real trouble putting it down. Looking forward to an earlier bedtime tonight.
The beginning is slow so I didn't know what all the hype about this book was about. Trust me once you reach 80 pages in you can't put it down. It keeps you guessing and guessing til the very end of the book. One of the best books of all time.
Heard it was a good book. I've never read a suspense/mystery book before. Stayed up till 4 am to finish it in two days. Can't wait for the movie! I love the way the chapters switch back and forth Nick's to Amy's p.o.v. Definitely a must read!
I could literally not put this book down! It was sooooo good and I just had to find out what was going to happen next. My only complaint was that it kept me up late at night :) A great quickly read and also a good one to discuss at book club.
I heard about this on WGBH program Greater Boston & they were right it is a page turner with unexpected twists as the book goes on. Will certainly be looking for more of Flynn's work!
An original read ~ couldn't put it down.  Surprises that were timed just right.  I have ADD and usually don't read every page of a book...didn't skip a word this time.  READ THIS BOOK
My daughter kept telling me, ""you have to go see this movie. It's the best I have ever seen."""" Since I never go to the movie I searched Amazon prime books and there it was. The book was excellent and exciting as a psycho mystery book can be.
If you like page turning thrillers, Gone Girl is an excellent choice. Not every twist was unexpected but every reveal was executed masterfully and with just the right amount of punch. It actually hurt a little to put the book down each time.
Spooky ending psycho crazy bitch is an understatement.  Great story, makes you really  think  about those rich spoiled brats that do always feel  in control and I'm sure every woman has thought of it when or if they've  had a cheater husband
I had already seen the movie, and just had go read the book. Found on Amazon and downloaded.  It was as fascinating as the movie.  Book gave real insights to both characters.  What a diabolical mind the author must have to create this story.
This is the first book I've read on my Kindle White and I could not put this down; a real page turner. Now it's timeto see the movie.  Such great writing that I'll certainly read another, and perhaps ALL of Gillian Flynn's prior books.
This one was hard to put down.. I loved all the way it led your mind off thinking it could have been this person or that one, then brings you back to a confession.  Did not want to put this one down.  if you haven't read this one you should.
After reading other reader's reviews, I was waiting throughout the whole book for an ending that I would find disappointing.  Not so at all.  This was a great read, and I thought the ending was perfect.  Very well written and engaging story.
I gave this a 5 because it was suspenseful, fast paced, and so addicting! I could not put it down. I laughed out loud, I shouted and yelled, ""What a f#$king a$$hole!"" and ""What a crazy b#$@&!"" I am definitely recommending this to my friends.
Such a well done, well thought out book that has too many twists and turns to count. You never know who is the good guy until suddenly you do. I very highly recommend this book even to those people who don't care for crime/ murder mysteries.
I could not put this book down. Every page kept you guessing and dying to figure out the ending. Love the psychological insight and the plot twists as well as the depth and moods portrayed so well. The story of a stagnant marriage gone bad..
I have to rate it this high because after a life time of reading few books, few can grab my interest like this.  I would call it a psychological drama and it may not be the best one out there, but, in the end since I could not put it down...
I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS BOOK. Once the first part was over it left me thinking what the...  The second part was all the more twisted. I couldnt get over how it twisted and kept you guessing. I only wish I couldve continued with the story  :)
What a roller coaster ride is this story! I'm looking forward to seeing the movie although historically movies made from books usually (but not always!!) are not as good as the book. This really is a riveting book, full of twists and turns.
Great book. I was entertained until halfway through and when the plot starts to thicken it does that in more than one way.  I sat and read this book through the night. I could not stop. One of the best page turners I've read in a long time.
This book. You can't put it down for two seconds without wondering what twist will happen when you pick it up again. The characters are a beautiful blend of brilliant, likeable, twisted, and disgusting, depending on the moment. I adored it.
Awesome. Truly complex, realistic characters. Keeps you guessing as your loyalties keep changing. One of the best books I've ever read and I've read thousands. It's so rare to find something clever and engaging that hasn't been done before.
It was hard putting this book down because every page was even more outrageous than the last. It definitely keeps you guessing. Even when you think you know what's coming next. A must read; it was a very good book with an U expected ending.
To be honest, the following review comments were made by my wife.  She has read the book. I have not but plan to do so asap.  Her review comments follow:""5 stars. Hard to put it down. It will turn you every way but loose !!! 
I enjoyed this page-turner. Definitely kept me up at night to finish it. I wasn't shocked by the twist, since I could see something of that sort coming. But I didn't like the way it ended. I would have preferred less irony and more justice.
The plot starts out slow, but once things develop you will not be able to put this book down. The style of alternating chapters between the two different character voices is highly effective and adds an extra little twist into the suspense.
I've pretty much stopped reading fiction because it is often predictable and just boring.  I would rather learns something factual.However, I read this book over the summer and really had fun with it!!I was actuall suspenseful!!
Really enjoyed the book, very well written and the mystery was really good! I read it all in a day because I couldn't put the book down. The main characters had a lot of depth and there's a new twist in every chapter. I highly recommend it.
This is a well written mystery.  When you think you have it figured out the book will take a turn you did not expect.  I am excited to see if the movie that comes out in September will be as good as the book.  I enjoyed this book very much!
Its after a long time that I came across a book, that spoke to me from the first sentence itself. The book is written in a language that not only bring the characters to life but also involves you personally in the plot. Loved it absolutely
I found this book a little slow at first, but once it picked up speed I couldn't put it down. Several unique twists in the plot had me both loving and hating the characters, which is essentially what the novel is about; love and hate.
I really liked this book, it had you thinking one way and then a totally different way halfway thru.  I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next.  However, the end had me wanting justice so I didn't feel satisfied with the ending.
Gillian Flynn keeps you guessing and she has a talent for uncanny turns in her spell-binding story. I have seldom read about female psychopats in such a skincreeping, unnerving plot. Never trust your lover! I look forward to her next novel.
If you like Game of Thrones, where almost everyone is varying degrees of rotten, you'll love this battle of wills with a couple who take putting on a good face to the extreme.  I won't reveal the plot, since the twists really make the book.
I would highly recommend this book.  Each chapter took the reader deeper and deeper into the character's bizarre, twisted personalities.  I found myself anxiously turning the pages, anticipating what was going to happen next. Quite a read !
Bought this to read while vacationing at the beach. I had seen it on the NY Times Best sellers list forever. Decided to give it a try. Awesome book! Loved how it was written. Lots of twists and turns through out. Would definitely recommend!
I passed this book up many times but decided to read it because it was a best seller for so long.  I really enjoyed it and its unexpected twists.  I will look for more books by this author as I like her style.  I was sorry when it was over!
Am intrigued with Gillian's writing ability.  She has a young and interesting style.  The book is well written and I will buy other books by this author.  I am glad I purchased it to try as finding new and exciting authors is always a coup.
I am an avid reader and I must say this book goes on my top ten list, maybe even top five.  Gillian Flynn kept me guessing all the way to the end.  Guessing wrong if course.  I have never read a book with so many twists and turns.  Love if!
I loved the twists in this novel.  The characters are well developed and the dialog is so real, both self and with others.  The ending was just perfect.  I won't say more for those who haven't read it.  Very interesting and pertinent story.
Probably the most surprising novel I have read in a decade.  I was simply caught completely off guard.  Just when I thought I understood what was going on, everything was revealed to be completely different.  I highly recommend this novel!
Unless you've already seen the movie, you'll be surprised throughout this book.  And unlike the movie, you'll let your own imagination get involved.  It's an incredibly, suspenseful novel.  The characters are well-defined and very complex.
This book kept me on the edge...hoping for that happy ending but knowing with these characters anything could happen!!!  Very good...I never figured out where it was going...I like that!!  But definitely not a ""feel-good-at-the end"" book!!
This is the second book of Gillian's I've read and her books never disappoint. The stories she weaves are amazing and the characters (while terrible people) are incredibly interesting. I will say I love to hate the ending but it's perfect.
Great twists and turns. Very creative approach to writing and an awesome plot line. For me she covered all of the bases and tied up any and all loose ends. She had me guessing throughout and surprised me more than once. I highly recommend.
This was a great book that I was honestly sad to finish! I wish it could have gone on! I didn't love Flynn's first novel, but this is excellent work. Dark, mysterious, and yet a poignant take on marriage and figuring out who we really are.
I loved this book!  I read it in two days; couldn't put it down. It was very well written, and the story just got more interesting as it went. I thoroughly enjoyed all the attention to detail and planning on the part of the main character.
Great book. Easy read, so great on vacation. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!The movie is coming out soon and I can't wait to see it. I hope they don't change much because the plot really flows as written.Enjoy!
Crazy and amazing book! Must read! Ending is not your typical ending which i was surprised that I liked that - you either love it or hate it is what I have experienced with others who have read it. So excited to see how the movie compares!
I couldn't put this book down. I thought it was very engaging and interesting, I wanted to know what happened! I really liked the way the story was told, it had all the bases covered. I would highly reccomend this book for a riviting read.
unbelievable story your kept guessing till the very end. amazing book would recommend to anyone. twists throughout and always trying to second guess whats going to happen. cant wait for the film. most definitely an adddictive read. 5 stars
I loved the amazing twists and turns in this novel.  I didn't figure out the mystery before the end and that makes it all the better.  Some people complained about the language.  I didn't even notice it because it was so well in character.
This one keep's you reading and turning pages one right after the other.This is one you think you have it figured out.But then come""s a twist you did not see coming .Great ready don't start you les you can read all night long as I did.
I really enjoyed reading this book with our book club. We were all on the edge of our seats discussing the crazy woman, the framed man, and the poor people effected in the process. Gillian Flynn is a fantastic author that needs to be read.
Gillian Flynn certainly knows how to weave the tapestry of a twisted tale! I couldn't put this down. Also, without spoilers, I couldn't decide which of the two I disliked more by the end of the story. You will have to read it for yourself.
Gillian Flynn did a great job with creating and filling-out the characters in this story.  It tended to get confusing with the switchback and forth from characters to time frames so needed to pay close attention while reading.  I liked it!
This book is definitely well worth reading. It tells the story in very clever way,playing with our perceptions of what people are really like and so the plot is very exciting. I'll be looking up more books written by the author for now on.
The author did a good job with her research, and being in law enforcement I saw it. The book kept me on the edge of my seat, and I was sold as soon as I read the first paragraph of the second section! Do yourself a favor and get this book.
This book got me hooked on this author. Now I am reading her other novels. This is a look into the complicated world of feelings and thoughts, and what motivates people, a little disturbing, but keeps you turning the page can't put it down
Gillian Flynn brings a nice blend of comedy and horror to this murder mystery. It's a great book and well I would go further into why but it's all been said in the reviews. I got nothing more to add except I look forward to her next book.
This book is amazing, even if you have seen the movie you should give it a try. The first half was a little slow, but it picked up and brought me with it. Gillian Flynn is an amazing author, and her others are, in my opinion, even better.
This book took me on an emotional ride from start to finish. Humanity was revealed effortlessly in all characters, and the shift in who was the villain made me question that very humanity that is a common vein that runs throughout us all.
I truly enjoyed reading this book except for the constant use of the ""F"" word. Why do authors feel the need to use this word?Because of the language, and overall graphic nature of the book, I would only recommend it to adults.
WOW! She is a psycho bitch and he's a fricking idiot. But it was a very good book. Made you hate him first and love her. Then it turned you around so you loved him and hated her. But end up hating both of them. Totally recommend the book.
I know everyone loves this book and I agree that it's well written and such a fascinating character study, but I almost gave it four stars because I loathe the ending. But I know that's kind of the point. At least I think that's the case.
This book starts slow but once the momentum builds you cannot put it down.  The psychological insights are phenomenal.  I think almost everyone knows an Amy, maybe not quite the same level of sociopath, but with the same kind of attitude.
Pretty interesting book. I wanted to read it before seeing the movie so I bought it a week after the movie came out (and everyone was raving about the movie). Was an easy read. Now I can't wait to see how it's portrayed on the big screen!
Even though the story builds slowly, the reading is engaging and draws you in to read read further.  The end may be a bit of a surprise, or it may be an idea that occurred to you while reading.  I consider it a ""don't miss"" story.
What a story. Twists and turns right until the last page. This novel was written brilliantly and with such insight that you had to identify with several of the characters. It is funny, weird, frightful and dramatic. Don't miss reading it.
It's written from two point of views, Nick and Amy. It starts out kind of slow, but then the narrators become less and less reliable until you don't know who to trust. This novel's uniquely built characters and plot make this a must read.
A book not easily forgotten. That's really all I want to say about this book but I'm adding this extra drivel  because one must use certain amount of words.  It's why don't bother to write reviews. Short sound bites can be just as useful.
I thought it was a great book.  Really enjoyed the storyline and found the characters to be very likeable.  Liked this book so much that once I finished I got another one of this authors books and am currently reading it.  (Sharp Objects)
This book is ridiculously engrossing! Even after all of the madness came and settled there was yet even more. I recommend this book to anyone that loves suspense, mystery, thrill, and crazy twists, this book will take you on a crazy ride.
Well written, intriguing novel about a wife going missing and the husband is the prime suspect. This book is anything but the typical story of a missing wife....but I don't want to say anything that will spoil the book. It is a must read!
One of the most engaging books I've read in a long time.  Characters are totally despicable but the plot is fascinating.  Although it may be farfetched, also seems to be a metaphor for marriage and relationships that may be more ordinary.
I really loved this book. I never give 5 stars. I have not seen the movie but I bet the rights were in huge demand. The deapth of the characters is truly entertaining. I love a book that makes me think this much during and after reading.
I loved the way the story was structured. You think you know what is going on, and you form certain judgements on the characters, only to have the rug pulled from under you when the tables turn. A thrilling and somewhat disturbing story.
The characters were so believable.  Crazy  I loved them,pitied them, hated them but never at the same time.  I hope the movie does this book justice.  I recommend it to any one who asks ""any ideas on what to read?""  Definitely Gone Girl!
I loved this book! It was excellent, fabulous, exciting, and ...... I'm very glad that I read the book before I saw the movie. The movie was great. At the end of the movie my friends who had not read the book  just said, ""WHAT!!
Very well written. It has an original plot and story line.  Gillian Flynn is a genius.  I couldn't put it down. I loved the ending. It is what could really happen to an educated person who has lived life, has been places and done things.
Loved this book!  I could not put it down and it kept me guessing.  I couldn't figure out whether I should feel sorry for or hate the main characters.  I was not expecting that ending, but still a great book.  I can't wait for the movie!
From start to finish I loved it! I think everyone should read this book. If you do end up reading it and enjoyed it as much as I did you should defiantly read Dark placed and Sharp Objects. Both are written and as thrilling as Gone Girl.
everytime i thought i knew what was going on, something switched, and there i was reconfiguring what i thought. loved the journal entry aspect of the story. just didn't love the ending...kind of anti-climactic. still in all a great read.
Fabulous read! Hard to put it down Psychological games take a number of very twisted  turns and  always keep you guessing about the ultimate ""Truth"".Ultimately, you wonder how this relationship could possibly have a happy ending.
I am that reader that takes months to finish a book if it even gets finished at all. I couldn't put this book down! At times I was very confused, in a good way, and didn't want it to end. I would highly recommend that you read this book.
Normally I don't like ""flashback"" books or books that change perspective but this was written so well I couldn't put it down.  The end of each chapter is it's own mini cliff-hanger.  Couldn't get enough.  Didn't want it to end!!!
Right when I thought I was following what was going on, I was wrong. A great read and page turner. My friend had been telling me to read it for a while. I was texting her, ""what the h*ll?!"" around every corner. It is a must read!
I really enjoyed this book. It was well written and keeps you on your toes! I finished it 2 days ago and still keep thinking about it. The book is definitely a good summer read full of mystery and smacks you in the face with it's twists.
Had been waiting to get this book.  WHY did I wait?  It's fast moving with twists and turns.  Just the kind of book I like.  I love it when the author has yet another trick up their sleeve when I think I have figured it out.  Great book!
As the daughter of a fiction writer, I have spent most of my life discussing what makes a stellar character in any novel.Gillian Flynn hits every single aspect in Gone Girl. Her characters are witty and smart, complicated, empathetic and at times, evil and conniving. You don't know whether to love them, hate them, sympathise with them or even if you understand them at all.As a result, the book becomes so human and so real that you find yourself completely immersed in their world.In terms of plot, Flynn manages to keep you (as they say) guessing at every turn. You read the novel, thinking you understand what's really going on - that you get the characters and their separate backstories - and then Flynn will add a completely unexpected element to the story.I don't want to give any of the plot away but I'll leave with this parting statement (that I heard from another Gone Girl lover): ""If you ever want to get any work done, don't pick up Gone Girl because you will not be able to put it down.
This is an excellent book! I recommend reading it before seeing the movie. It's a very quick ready. Gillian (if you're not familiar with her work) is a very dark, disturbing author. The stories make for excellent, suspense filled reads.
Probably a cliche title that's already been used for a review. But this book is amazing. I found myself thinking about how we become our best and worst selves in a relationship. You'll will, undeniably,  be unable to put this read down.
This was a very good book as far as the writing,  description, sentence structure, and storytelling.  Story line was a little bizarre... suspenseful, and definitely held my interest.  May have to look into reading another book by Flynn.
I was interested in the subject. I have in my lifetime known sociopaths ahd thought this was addressedso well in this book. Very subtle and well-written. I can remember three people with this effect on the peoplearound them.
You wrestle with the feelings and emotions of all involved. You struggle to not relate with some of the feelings that are brought up in this book that may be socially unacceptable. It is a mystery that is plausible, but not predictable.
Excellent well woven story.  Interesting characters.  I got sucked in immediately and could not put this book down.  I liked the realness to the dialogue within the characters minds.  I highly recommend this as a good entertaining read.
Couldn't put this down.  Not something I usually read but it was a best seller for so long that I decided to give it a try.  Amy is truly a devious woman and Nick is screwed up as well.  Glad my hubby of 51 years and I am not like them.
This book had me from the get go! It's a great crime drama/thriller has more twists and turns than a mountain road in a car commercial! I def recommend reading it, but be forewarned, once you pick it up you won't be able to put it down!
what a great book.  an amazing and engaging story.  I don't read books.  Like, ever.  they just do not hold my attention.  but this one I read front to back, and then listened to the audio book.  I cannot wait for the movie to come out!
Could not put my Kindle down, definitely a page turner.Twists and turns throughout.  Gillian Flynn knows how to hold the reader's attention.I would hope for a sequel.Don't hesitate to purchase...I loved it!
Don't read the negative reviews! This book is like nothing I've read before!I could not put it down. Some have hated the ending, but it was fine for me. Is a great book. Read this & other books by Gillian Flynn. She is someone to watch!
LOVED this book!  A friend recommend this book to me and made some comments about the characters.  When I started reading the book, her comments didn't make sense until about halfway through.  WOW!  Looking forward to the movie version.
This book was really, really entertaining.  Absolutely twisted but certainly a page turner.  Another good point is the fact that although the book *could* be made into a movie, I never got the feeling that Flynn wrote it FOR the movies.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book...couldn't put it down.My one gripe with it...SPOILER ALERT...I cannot imagine the female lead going to an abandoned mall to try to buy a gun, that was ludricrous to meGreat book!!!
This book is a real page turner! I couldn't stop reading. There are so many twists and turns in this book you will feel like you're on a rollercoaster. I highly recommend this book to everyone, you will  never look at marriage the same!
I was looking for a book to read and chose this because of it being on the NY Best Sellers list. I am very glad I did! This book has you worried, mad, frustrated and confused! I was disappointed in how it ended, but it was a great read!
LOVED this book!! I read this after the movie came out and I had no idea what the book or movie was even about...just something about a murder. I loved how the book progressed from different perspectives. Great plot twists throughout!!
I love a novel that has lots of twists and turns that you never see coming.  Flynn's brilliant plot kept me on the edge of my seat wondering what could possibly happen next and surprise, it would be nothing you thought might be coming.
Excellent book. I figured out certain things from the beginning BUT had no idea how they would be played out throughout the book. Can't wait to read something else by Gillian Flynn. I would definitely recommend this book to others !!!!
This novel was exhausting and thrilling at the same time.  Your opinion kept changing, you love Nick, you hate Nick, who is this Amy?  It kept your attention right to the end!  It was extremely good and I can not wait to see the movie!
Started off a bit slow, and I wasn't a fan of the back and forth between characters. Once I got more into it I couldn't put it down. Loved it. Go from loving a character to absolute hate. Almost like going through Amy's crazy emotions.
This is a great thriller that will keep you on the edge of you seat for the entire ride. I could not put it down from start to finish.  Definitely pick this one up before you see the movie & appreciate it for the literary genius it is.
What a great read!!!  I'd listened to an interview with the author on NPR which is how I heard of this.  Plenty of plot twists on this.  I've already bought another of hers and looking forward to reading it.  You won't be disappointed.
This is the first mystery I've read in years and it def didn't let me down. I couldn't put the book down, for hardly a moment. It definitely keeps you guessing and new reveals happen every other minute. Totally a recommended easy read.
This is truly a page turner. I did not figure out what was going on from one diary enter to the next. Sometimes I was on Nick's side, then when I read Amy's diary entry I was on her side. I did not want the book to end. Very good book.
After reading the first third of the book, I thought I understood the story.  After reading the second third, I thought I knew the ""real"" story.  By the end, it was a totally different story.  Interesting if you like mysteries.
In a good way.  I loved this book.  Very hard to put down.  Rare is it a book that gets me so engaged with the characters.  Even if all they do is piss me off with their idiocy.  I have already recommended this book to several friends.
I knew nothing about this book before I started reading it. I was pleasantly surprised by this page turner. I have to say that it is a fascinating insight into a disturbed mind.
Just when you thought you knew what the characters were like, you found out something about them that changed how you felt about them.  There is so much suspense in this book, my back would hurt from being so tense.  Hard to put down!
I don't usually read novels, I am more into history.  But this novel makes you think about other notorious people - Henry VIII and anne Boleyn, Edward III and  Katherine of york,Henry IV and Eleanor of Aquitane.  Sociopaths or lovers?
I thought this book was great! I keep seeing people complain about the ending, but I liked it. This book was so suspenseful and you never knew what was coming next....one of the best books I've read in a long time. I highly recommend!
At first I started reading this and had no idea where it was going and if it was ever going to get interesting. I've never been so wrong, I read for hours addicted to the twisted strange and adorable story that this is. A masterpiece.
I can't believe how crazy and amazing this book was. I have never read such an elaborate book. Just when you think you have figured out what is going to happen, the author takes Incredible turns. It keeps you guessing the entire time.
Very interesting KEPT me on the edge of my seat the whole time. I swear they are both a little crazy but she's the worst. I think she pushed him to be crazy always watching his back. But it was still great can't wait to see the movie.
I took this book with me on a camping trip thinking that it would last me the week. After an hour of reading I knew that it would be done the next day. Flynn puts so many twists into this book you will not be able to get enough of it.
Very fast paced murder mystery with a twist. (of course)  Good depth on characters.  Plot develops as expected...most of the time!  Loved reading this book, it was ordered by accident as I was setting up my new Kindle, but glad I did.
This book was on my must read list and so I HAD to read it! I must say the twists and turns of this book was unreal! I'd never read a book like this before. I was a bit disappointed by the ending but the book as a whole was very good.
I thought this was a great book. It sucked me in and I couldn't put it down. I didn't see any of the twists and turns coming ahead of time. I've already started reading another book by the same author. On my definitely recommend list.
Be sure to set aside everything and spend an entire afternoon or late night wrapped up in this captivating story of a love gone wrong and the mystery of a possible murder.  This is one that you will definitely tell your friends about.
I definitely liked this book. I don't even know what to type without giving too much away, but by the ending I'm sure you will be satisfied that you picked this. Great story, lots of twists and turns, and definitely keeps you reading!
Could not put this book down! I watched the movie afterwards, but the book was far better! I even read it while in a moving car and I easily get car sick, but it was worth it! Especially being able to finish up the last few chapters!
She could have been permenantly removed, if Desi, was out for lunch with his mother on the fatal day, wonderfully clever plot, but a bit frantically rushed at the end. Yes there are people out there like that, but she takes the cake.
A very well written story of how a marriage can go very wrong, especially if one spouse wants to run the whole show.  A very clever woman controls her husband to the brink of bedlam.  I'm glad I read the book before seeing the movie.
This was an excellent, suspenseful read. It was really hard to put it down. I read it before watching the movie which was perfect cause I had the whole backstory and details that they weren't able to put on the movie. *Amy is CRAZY!*
I had read her other two books and found them to have a unique style.  Everyone said that this was her best book and I agree without a doubt. Excellent read.  I wish this had been the chosen book for book club instead of Dark Places.
The beginning is always the hardest to get through especially when regarding this book but stick with it! Though you want to skim it becomes increasingly important towards the middle and end. The point of view is wonderfully written.
This book hooked me pretty quickly, and did not disappoint. For all you deciding whether to read the book fort or see the movie first, I think you should read the book. I did and it was a thrill ride that I could never have expected.
The intricacy of female and male thinking is incredibly detailed, completely unexpected plot turns right up to the end.  Excellent writing.  It is Hitchcockian with Mcguffins galore.  First rate.  Works your mind all the way through.
The story started out slow but as you keep reading you get caught up in the story and you can't put the book down.  The mystery of this story keeps you on the edge of your seat.  I had to read the book before I saw the movie.  WoW!!!
This is a fascinating character study that explores the contradictory pieces of human nature.  I found it thought-provoking, and had to return to read certain parts again to try to fully understand the complexities of the characters.
I certainly enjoyed reading this book.  Very different and exciting.  Saw the movie yesterday and it certainly wasn't as good as the book.  I am going to read the other books that she has written.  Hope they are as good as Gone Girl.
Lots of twists and turns in this psychological thriller! The complex layers of the main characters combines with a plot that hooks you early on and keeps you in suspense until the last pages. This truly is a book you cannot put down.
Brilliant book. Gillian writing is like the reader is present in the story. It makes you feel right at the scene. This makes the book a one sitting read as you dont want to lose track of the discoveries that Nick and Amy are part of.
Keeps you guessing every step of the way. NOT a lacey Peterson story at all. Don't let people saying that put you off in reading this. Very well written story with a unique storyline. Believe me you'll never know what's next to come.
When I heard this was made into a movie, I HAD to listen to this first.  Absolutely loved it ... I listen on audio book and this is the most fun way to go to work ... listening to a great book.  I definitely recommend.  You'll enjoy.
Looking forward to the movie; had Ben Affleck in mind as I read the story . . . well done and a controversial ending . . . some have said they hated the way it ends!Makes me want to read other Gillian Flynn stories . . . enjoy!
This book was very delicious to devour. I kept picking it up because I kept finding surprises at every turn of the page. It's definitely a whodunit and I was shocked at the ending. I can't wait to read more of Gillian Flynn' s books.
Before starting Gone Girl, consider clearing a few events from your calendar because you will not want to do anything other than read this book. I definitely recommend this appallingly delicious novel that will not fail to entertain.
Too real to be true; too absorbing to be put down; so good it's excellent. Love the characters and ever twisting plot. A brilliantly written story of an otherwise ordinary couple in our urban nuclear society. Thank you to the author.
I hate reviews with spoilers, so I try not to include them. I thought one thing at the beginning, changed my mind again and then again. I'm still wondering what happened to Nick and Amy and their family..... I love that kind of book!
Gone Girl was a quick read. From start to end it kept my interest. I was not thrilled with the ending. I felt left hanging, but understood the reason behind it. Great twists through out. Can't wait to read another Gilliam Flynn book.
I could not put this down! It was a page turner from the very beginning. I'm not usually a fan of thrillers or mysteries, so it was a pleasant surprise to find myself so engrossed in this book. I will definitely read her other works.
I could not out this book down! The author does a great job setting a visual for each character. The author throws you an unexpected curveball more than half way through the book that will keep your attention even more! Awesome book!
I liked the other two books by this author so I purchased this one with high expectations. It was great! I bought one for my girl friend as well and we read it together and she loved it too. Very creative mind this Gillian Flynn has.
Excellent book! Like a roller coaster...but I didn't like the ending...but I suspect that is the intent with a story like this. I hated characters...and then I didn't...then I did. This author has the gift of toying with her readers.
This is a great book!!!!!!!!!!
I actually listened to this as an audiobook and bought a kindle copy for backup. It was superb. I don't know when I've enjoyed a book so much, although the ending isn't quite the one I would have chosen. It's still a powerful story.
This is written incredibly well. I'm very particular about the things I read, and my favorite thing is I couldn't put it down!! However, the entire time you're reading it you have two sides to keep up with, so that can be difficult.
It was thrilling, just when you think you know how it ends, it spins a different direction!  I am glad I read the book before seeing the movie because the movie left a lot out.  I can't say I liked the ending but it was a good read!
I decided to read the book first before I watched the movie. So far so good, its a great book. But it would be nice on the kindle version if the titles would display correctly, mine look really weird. Anybody else have this problem?
Simply stunning mystery with a twist that was completely unexpected. I'm a veteran reader of this genre who has grown a little weary of the more formulaic stories - this well written page turner had me captivated from Page 1. A gem!
I wasn't sure what to expect from this since I'd already heard so much about it. It is definitely disturbing. The characters are well-developed, and I alternately felt sorry for or angry at Nick & Amy. Engrossing & hard to put down.
This read really kept you wanting to read non stop. Everytime I thought I had it figured out, the dynamics changed. The insight into the characters minds was fascinating. Recommend if you like a good mystery. Psychological Thriller!
Story started a little slow and almost put it down. I am so glad I did not.  When you come to Part two you start to understand what both characters are up to.  Great book.  I could not put it down...I just had to know what happened.
An intriguing, engaging whodunnit. We're not sure who done WHAT for the first half of the novel then the author brilliantly exploits the multiple narrators to create the suspense that keeps us reading right up to the last few words.
I can see why this book is so popular. Keeps your attention and even though the main characters are both airily unlike able, I still needed to find out what happened to them. Hope the movie can capture the suspense and manipulation.
My daughter advised me to read the book...she said I wouldn't be able to put it down.  Boy, was she right!  This was a first time for me reading Flynn but it certainly won't be the last!!  Absolutely fascinating, spell-binding tale.
I read a lot. This is my favorite mystery/thriller our there right now. I love all of Gillian Flynn's book but this one blew me away. I've read it twice already and bought it for several friends. I'm excited to see the film version.
This was a trippy book, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and definitely recommend it.  Interesting characters and personality developments.  One minute I was feeling sorry for the guy, next the girl!  It kept me up until 2:00 AM reading!
Stories where bad personalities are just ""bad,"" are disappointing.  In this story, Flynn really demonstrates how the warped thinking of her antisocial story character works.  This makes the story ever so much more enjoyable.
This book has more plot twists and turns than any I've ever read.  I couldn't put it down. The author is very clever at making you have a love/hate relationship with BOTH of the main characters at the same time.  Highly recommended!
I finally got around to reading this and couldn't put it down.  Gillian Flynn knows how to write a novel.  NO detail is overlooked and her observations of the nuances of marriage are spot on.  This was a fun, thought-provoking read!
Gillian Flynn writes the best female characters I have ever read.  They are diabolical, clever, evil and charming.Women we love and love to hate.  This book has more thrills and chills than anything i have read in a long time.
This novel was selected for a book club I attend. We could NOT stop talking about it! I don't want to risk any spoilers but it starts slow and has a twist in the middle that will make you never want to put the book down! GREAT read!
Suspenseful and clever.  Enjoyed every minute of reading it. I will certainly see the movie and I wish that I could find another book as well written as this one.  Did not want to put it down and then again I did not want it to end.
I could NOT put this book down! In fact, I read through half of it and started over again because I started to ""get"" what was going on and wanted to make sure I was being a good detective.  Read it in a weekend.  Great read!
I could not put this book down. It kept my interest, always wanting to know more. The twist in Part two was brilliant. I simply loved the plot, characters, dialogue, the inner monologues and text. It's clever, cynical and delicious.
I got this to read on my kindle because of a recomendation.  At first it was kind of blah, then I hated her, then I hated him, then I hated both of them.  Now I think they are just so weird.  Read it in two nights and so glad I did.
If I was able to give ten stars I would.Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is simply the best, most intensely crafted nuclear mind screw of a book of all time. On so many levels the writing, characters, story is beyond brilliant.
I was unable to put this down and am haunted by Amy and Nick-GONE GIRL is a masterpiece.  Flynn has a way with words like no other.
It was really fun to read a book that didn't just follow the usual format.  I loved the twists it presented and I loved the end, whch reminded me of the French book: Le Chat.
Well written book, hard to put down. I read this book pretty late in the game after it was out for quite awhile. I was worried it wouldn't live up to the hype. I was wrong. Excellent read. I couldn't put it down. Very well written.
First third of the book gives you insight to the psyche of a dis functional man. Second third makes you do a 180 when you realize he's not half as dis functional as his wife.  The last part makes you believe that everybody's crazy.
Nothing I expected. Thus story will be rolling around my brain for some time to come. Now I am internally debating whether or not to see the movie.Read this.I'm off to download more of Flynn' s impeccable writing.
Great writing - intriguing all the way through, Ms Flynn manages to keep the reader conflicted about which protagonist to support in this story.  The ending, though seemingly abrupt and unsatisfying on reaching, is in fact perfect.
This was my first time reading Gillian Flynn, and I really enjoyed Girl Gone, was a great read, it started slow, but, with all the twist and turns that Any and Nick takes, it has to be another book, about Amazing Amy, Nick and baby
Excellent! start to finish, all it was reviewed to be. Well developed, real dimensioned characters in a wonderfully twisting plot.  I am now a fan of this author and look forward to reading previous works as well as future writing.
This book was a great read!! kind of slow in the beginning but soon picks up and then I wasn't able to put it down. I loved all the twists and turns in the story. I didn't care much for the ending but I would still rate it 5 stars!
This is one of the best books I've written. Each turn, twist, and loop completely caught me off guard. Even the unconventional ending, which would normally annoy me, was a perfect finale to a wonderfully orchestrated piece of work.
A delicious read, but I'm so disappointed in the ending.  I won't spoil the plot for those who haven't read it.  It was great up until the last few pages.  I couldn't put it down.  Wonderful writing.  An edge-of-your-seat thriller!
You will not be able to put this book down. The roller coster of emotions lifts you and then drops you, you'll switch sides, flip flop, and all before the 1st half of the book. It is an amazing ride into the mind of 2 crazy people.
Such an intricate plot; a spider's web of intrigue and psychotic obsession! Totally captivating, read on a newly acquired Kindle app on my iPhone 4 S.....long into the night! Bravo for a chilling, resonant, psychological thriller!!
Didn't take to long to ""get into"" the book.  I liked the authors writing style.  Before I knew it I was hooked and always left me wondering what was going to happen next.  Great book and I've been recommending it to others.
I've recommended this one to several friends and relatives.  The writing is top notch.  The end made me want to punch someone in the face, but I guess that shows how invested in the characters I became.  Gotta love a true sociopath
I LOVED this novel!  Extremely well woven, lots of surprises, the reader is constantly forced to review his/her judgements and rethink the likely storyline.  I don't want to give anything away, so .... I highly recommend this book!
first, you hate her. then....if you're a woman, you totally GET her. at least i did. this is a great piece of twisted revenge suspense. i LOVED IT and found it sociologically thought provoking.i think men must hate it!
Amy is a cold & calculating murderous. She knew it & like it. The ways she sought revenge was diabolical. Smart & cold girl. Flynn is a fine writer who keeps you turning pages. Will now start ""Sharp Objects"", & can't wait.
A person cannot keep up with the twists and turns in this story. Even though I now know how it ends I want to see the movie. A very worth-while read. Great plot and good writing. Wonder why it took me so long to decide to read it.
At the end of this book I feel most sympathetic for Go. She deserved more than what she got at the end.A fantastic book which made my cry, cringe, seethe with anger, despair and feel many more emotions I couldn't write down.
It was a great story. Thought I had it all figured out and even when the shocker came in the middle, I thought I'd know what would happen at the end. I was wrong. This was a really really good book and can't wait to see the movie.
I have read many mystery's, and as many are relatively formulaic in their plots, this one took some unexpected turns. A great read with well developed characters. Much better book than I expected. Read it before you see the movie.
Fantastic book. A genuine page turner. I became completely engrossed in the story in just a few short chapters. The book kept me engaged and constantly speculating. My only criticism is that the story seemed to finish too quickly.
I could not put the book down. The narrative switches between the husband's voice and the wife's voice and both are written very well. This is a great story with an ending you cannot predict - well, I could not predict the ending.
Great read. I the beginning,you think you know exactly where this book is going. Then you are thrown an exciting curveball that changes the story completely. After the curveball, hang on because you are definitely going on a ride!
I was referred to this book (and author) by my facebook friends and happy with it so far!  Book came on time and came exactly as described. There's nothing like getting what you're looking for!! Hope to do business with you again!
I love a good who-done-it and this does not disappoint!  I would look on IMDB to see who would play the character in the movie to make it more fun to visualize the story.  I downloaded her Sharp Objects as my next book.  Have fun!
This book is a really fun read.  Full of twists and turns and a pretty interesting study of the potential pitfalls in relationships - especially those that begin based on  ""emotionally romantic and passionate"" attractions.
Loved this book.  Keeps you on your toes.  You change your mind several times in this who done, what's going on book.  Very easy read.  I was sad when it ended.  I wanted to continue to read.  LOL totally worth my time for sure !!
This book keeps you glued to each page with all the twisted and insane turn of events that has your racing to finish each page to find out what's going to happen next. A most read book for anyone who likes ""stories"" (inside joke).
A splendid mystery - the characters are so well drawn I was hooked after the first few pages.  Because I was so into the story until the very end, I was enraged that she wasn't caught.  I will read all Gillian Flynn's other books!
I loved this book the best part was the ending totally unexpected! I couldn't stop reading I was scared of Amy myself! What insane but smart woman. The story was well written with twist and turns and details that kept me engaged.
Totally awesome book. I was floored reading it from beginning to end. Amy is such a smart woman who shows just how cunning a psychotic woman can be. Men beware of that perfect woman. When that true side shows, you are in trouble!
This is a must read if you like suspense and mystery novels!!. This an unforgettable tale. It's such a twisted story that I would have never guessed the outcome. I was in such shock that I could not stop reading until I finished!
The story reels you in with a plot so mesmerizing yet so diverse it is impossible to stop reading. The story actually gets better as it grows and when the end comes you feel you have lost something unexplainable.  Loved the book!
Loved it! I loved how Flynn got you invested into the characters. I was rooting for one then I was hating them! It was great. I also loved that it was funny! I felt strange laughing at it, but I also kind of loved it. Great book.
one of the best book's I have ever read. So many twists, I couldn't put it down. Just when I thought I figured the plot out, a twist would happen. I read it twice to see if Ms Flynn leaked the plot in any way. The plot was tight.
WOW! What a great read! My daughter insisted on me reading this book and I now understand why! And although I watched the movie before I had finished the book I still felt like I had to finish it to compare the two. Just great!!!
WOW WOW... Really an awesome book , it was amazing .. I really wanted that ""AMAZING AMY""To pay for what she did.. Surely there will be a part two... How could u leave us hanging !!! A wonderful book.. Loved it
The author leads his reader down comfortable seemingly predictable paths before making several sharp left turn! It's fascinating and weirdly fun!  Don't get comfortable.... The story is fast, funny and intelligent...good reading!
I found this book to be astonishing and unlike any other I've ever read.  An interesting, funny, multilayered, gripping account of marriage.  Philosophical too, posing pertinent questions about ""truth"". Utterly enjoyable.
Yes, men, too, should definitely read this diary-book that presents women as real people, genuinely created without fairy dust. Outstanding character development and lots of suspense make this novel cuts above most mystery reads.
This is the first Gillian Flynn novel that I've read. I've gotta say that it was a good one to start out with. It was very suspenseful in the first half of the book. I didn't care for the ending much, but it's still a great read.
Great story. Really manipulated my emotions. Usually I figure it out, but this one got me. I felt emotional attachment to both characters, shared similar moments. I recommend this to anyone looking for a fast, well worth it read.
This book has so many twisted characters and events.  It was a great read because of its raw honesty, witty humor, and grotesque story of a marriage gone wrong in the most normal way.  Like a train wreck that you can't not watch.
These characters put the ""dys"" in ""functional.""  Well-written and fast-paced. I was pleased that I could not predict the outcome early on.  Read the synopsis to get an idea of the story line, but do read the book.
Gone Girl is extremely well written. The imagery grasped me continuously, and I was late several times to places because I simply got lost in this story and couldn't stop reading! I am super excited to read the next Flynn novel!
Loved this book. Well written, interesting plot and complex characters kept this book a page turner all the way through. Kudos to Gillian Flynn for this book. It deserves to be on the best seller list for as long as it has been.
This wasn't a book I would have picked up, but it was a page turner! I enjoyed it very much! I understand what people say about the ending. It was abrupt and damning, but how else could it have ended that would have been better?
One of the best books I've ever read! This is probably one of the only books that I started out feeling one way about the characters, then ended feeling the total opposite way. Mental illness has never been so fun to read about!
Wonderfully written, page turner. I wanted to be disappointed with the ending but to be honest I don't think I would want it to end any other way. One of the best books I've read all year. Can't wait to read more G. Flynn books.
How difficult it is to really write from two perspectives. She nailed it in this book. Great story line with twisters and tornado's. Read it in one day and actually made sounds out loud. So great book.. No spoilers just read it!
I hear people say about some books, 'I couldn't put it down' but rarely do I feel that way. This book made me feel that way and more. Best book I've read in years, maybe ever. I could not WAIT to find out what would happen next!
By far the best book I have read this year. Flynn takes you on an emotional roller coaster with each of the characters and she keeps you guess who defines as a protagonist. A storyline unlike any other that I have recently read.
This book was such an awesome read! I've never been so torn on which character I was siding with...and on who was crazier! Brace yourself for some twisted, manipulative behavior and an ending that you never could have predicted!
First reading of author G. Flynn and was very pleasantly surprised.  Became very sympathetic at the beginning of the book to the first person narrator; then, a total reversal.  Very will done.  Will continue to read this author.
I was sucked in straight away...I love books like this that you stay up until 2am reading even though the alarm clock is set for 6am!! Written fantastically, with such depth of character and story line!! I didn't want it to end!
This book kept me on my toes all the way to the end. It was enjoyable and provoking. I couldn't decide who to root for the entire way through. She has created two likable yet despicable characters who ensnare you from the start.
Wasn't sure how I was going to like the story but a few friends recommended it so I went for it. I couldn't  put it down! Never saw the ending coming which is nice. Already have recommended it to a few other people. A MUST read!
It has been such a long time that's book captured me in the way this one did. I couldn't put it down! Gillian Flynn leaves small nuggets through out the story that you know will be used again and you can't wait to find out how!!
Gone Girl is cleverly written and a real page turner! You think you have it figured out and then ""bam""! The author does a good job of embedding details and setting up the clues to mislead you along the way! A great read!
I thought at first that this was a kind of predictable plot, but I was so wrong.  This book has more twists and turns to it than a canyon road.  I changed my opinion of the characters all though the book.Really great read.
I had forgotten what it was like to read a good book and this was a really good book. On the edge of my seat, every twist and turn. So much wtf....I just finished it so my head is still processing...I recommend 100%
Its great book. Ammy's character is very well crafted. Story line is very different and interesting. The flow of the book is simply captivating. It's about the complexity of human mind and relationship. I simply loved the book.
Unbelievable plot with twists and turns.  One will go through constantly changing opinions of the chief protaganists as they weave their various webs. of deceit.  A thoroughly enjoyable walk down the dark side of marital bliss.
Let's be honest, I went in thinking, ""it's only getting hype because of the movie""...then I read it. I can hands down say that this book revitalized my love for reading. A truly beautiful read. I'm in love with Gillian.
If you're looking for a novel that keeps you guessing, stop here. It's got many interesting and enticing twists and turns and right when you think you've figured it out, trust me, you haven't. Keep reading. Absolutely loved it.
Beautifully written and consuming story. Didn't think I would like it because I'm not so into murder mystery stories but this book is so much more. The book speaks about relationships and it's just crazy, you've got to read it!
I liked reading it. It was a bit slow in the beginning but it gets very interesting as you read by. The author offers a rare view angle of the relationship to the end. Read it and find out :) before watching the movie of course
It's a little hard to explain why this book is awesome without giving spoilers, but this book is phenomenal.  A crime novel, a psychological thriller, and an exciting intelligent story about who we are and who we pretend to be.
With the movie coming out very soon, I couldn't wait to finish. The story was a great literary read but knowing there was a cinematic translation made, the ending felt anti-climactic to me. Overall however I would recommend it!
I really liked this novel.  I thought the whole plot was well thought out and interesting.  I didn't see any of the twists coming.  I have picked up a couple more titles by the author.  Hope they are as interesting as this one!
This book left me thinking for days about the world we live in. The characters are rich and well developed and whether you root for Amy or her husband you aren't really sure there is a winner in the end. Amazingly well written!
Just when you think you have it figured out, a new piece of the puzzle is thrown in that changes everything you thought. I didn't want this book to end at all. There was always something unexpected right around the next corner.
The book was well written and hard to put down. There was a gradual revealing of the truth from 2 different characters at different periods in the story line which eventually came together and the surprising truth was revealed.
I started this book because a friend suggested that I read it.  It was ok in the start and then I  got to a point where I could not put it down.  What an good read with an interested ending.  I am sure any reader will enjoy it.
I read this on my kindle + audio (if you don't have an audible account, get one), but this is for my wife that doesn't have a kindle. The book is great, the ending is a bit predictable, but it is so well written you don't care.
I am not too sure how to stand out and say the magic words that haven't been said about this book in the thousands of other reviews. I can say that I wanted to keep reading this book. It is truly a twisted take on a love story.
I really really liked this book. Kept me up reading it late into the night becauase you just dont want to put it down. Great plot twists and suspense....what i really liked was this book was I couldnt predict a thing. Loved it!
Loved every single chapter...the crazy twists you just couldn't predict.  I was in total shock every time I turned the page.  Kind of like a good movie that has you on the edge of your seat.  You just won't want to put it down.
'I enjoyed Sharp Objects and Dark Places but this book is the best of the three. Many twists and turns. Amazing Amy is one smart,sick woman.Can not wait until Gillian Flynn writes her next story. I did not want this one to end.
Best book I have read in a while! It takes a very unexpected turn halfway through and is not your your typical ""who did it?"" thriller. I really appreciated the two different viewpoints telling the story, very well done!
Amazing mystery within a very well-written story!  Read it; I can't imagine someone not enjoying this book!  Have recommended it to all my friends and even ordered a hard copy for my choir director who doesn't have an e-reader.
This book was amazing, every chapter was a new revelation. Love her style of writing and actually just finished ""Sharp Objects"" her first book. Loved how Amy and Nick were like onions with so many layers of their personalities.
An unforgetable novel...the characters are well developed; giving you  dimensional depth to their personalities, which many writers overlook.  As usual, the book is far better than the movie...although the movie was very good.
Well written, edge of your seat ride through sociopathic thoughts and well laid schemes. With the right side of alcoholic beverage, you will thoroughly enjoy this book and forever look suspiciously at your spouse. Bon appétit!
I was awe struck with the imagination of Gillian Flynn, the twist and turns in this book surprised me time after time. Couldn't wait to get to the end to see what happened.I have recommended this book to friends of mine.
The book was intriguing and the kind of story you cannot put down. It is best to read the book before watching the movie which was also spell binding and very close to the book. It is the type of story that I could read again.
Don't know why I loved this book so much except that the characters were so well drawn and so sick in their own ways. Literally could not put it down. Can't wait to see if they get the movie right, not ruin it like usually do.
Gone Girl started off slow but then BAM! a twist and then another twist and they just kept coming. I am pretty good at predicting outcome of books, but I did not see this coming. WOW! This book is twisted, messed up and crazy.
Wow.  Super summer read. Great plot.  My wife read it in a few days.  My sister demolished it in a single sitting.  I'm half way through and loving the ride.  We ordered Sharp Objects and my wife is enjoying that tale as well.
Gone Girl keeps ones guessing.....first you are disgusted with him and then you are disgusted with her family and then you want to just shoot her!!!!  It is well worth the read. Keeps your interest, things are always changing.
I picked this book along with a few others to give me some good escape reading for the summer. Very original story line. I also enjoyed the method the author used to tell each character's story. It really was quite surprising.
This book. Talk about suspense, I couldn't put it down for longer than a few hours. Even when I wasn't reading, I was thinking about what was going on in Amy's or Nick's mind. I'm looking forward to reading more Gillian Flynn!
From beginning to end this book had me.  I like to try and figure out the story, but this one had me stumped till the end.  A far-fetched story that becomes believable.  The format is intriguing and beguiling.Really good read.
Thank goodness this is fiction.......one of the scarest stories I have read! I highly recommend this book to anyone who THINKS they know a person who like to control everything. It is a story you will remember for a long time.
WOW! The structure of this novel is beguiling. I got sucked in thinking one thing about the two characters, only to have those thoughts reverse themselves. Amazing characters. This is the best female character in a long while.
What a crazy and twisted plot
A book that constantly plays with the reader's perception of the protagonists. Do we ever really understand them? I'm not sure. One of the most unsettling books I've read in months (in a good way). Flynn is a polished writer.
The writing was so so good and the story line kept you going from page to page you couldn't stop kept you up at night. No wonder it was onthe best seller list for so long everyone I talk to said have you read this book.
I was pleasantly surprised with this novel. Picked up as a vacation read and could not put it down. Totally riveting and I did not see the plot twists coming. I hated every character and still loved the book. Totally unusual.
The book started a little slow. Took me a bit to get past the first few chapters, however, once I got to the good stuff I couldn't put it down. The ending was totally unexpected. Though the ending was unexpected, it was good!
I thought this book was excellent.  Really well written, keeps you wondering what she will come up with next to ""torture"" Nick.  I did not like the end of it; only because it didn't end the way I thought it should LOL
this is my second time reading gone girl and I think it was even better the second time around. There is suspense everywhere, and lots and lots of thought went into writing it. Gillian keeps you enthralled through every turn.
I really enjoyed this book and couldn't put it down.  So many people didn't like the ending, but I appreciate a writer who doesn't feel like they have to end a book just how everyone wants it to.  I would highly recommend it.
What a great book.  I could hardly put it down.  Even when I wasn't reading, I found myself thinking about Amy, Nick and Go.  This book had so many twists and turns designed to captivate.  I can't wait to start her next book!
Builds to a crescendo that is expected but not expected.  The writing is well done and you end up hating the character you thought you would love and actually feeling some compassion for the character you thought you wouldn't
The twists and turns in 'Gone Girl' keep me reading late into the night. The plot was one I would never have expected. The intriguing main character cunningly wove an incredible story filled with suspense and at times horror.
This is probably the best book I've read in a year. A bit dark, but the quirky characters and dialogue kept me reading. I loved the suspense and surprise twists. It made me want to read her other two books. Very well written.
Once you start this book it compels you to keep reading as the plot thickens and you realize things are not what they seem to be. After the final chapter, I kept thinking about the ending for a very long time.Kitty Girl
I was a little late on reading this book, however, it has been one of the most well thought out and interesting books I have ever read. I loved the nature of this Novel. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good read!
Well written and one of the most interesting themes I've read in a long time.  You think you have something figured out and then another twist happens.  I immediately wanted to ready the other books Gillian Flynn had written.
A lot of mystery novels claim they'll keep you guessing. This one actually delivers on that promise. I came to this as more of a fan of literary fiction over genre stuff, but I think fans of both will find a lot to like here.
This suspenseful book will have you guessing from beginning to end! Flynn brilliantly wrote one of the BEST books of all time.
wonderful book keeps you guessing for a long while and than still does it till the end. loved it. have just purchased her other two books can't wait for them to arrive.
You've probably seen the movie. I liked this more than the movie but I also liked the movie. This is a lot less black and white though so that's pretty cool. I read it in about 8 hours and hated people for a week afterwards.
Great book! Love the way she planned out the story and concluded it. Book was soooo much better than the movie. Already read her other novel Dark Places and currently reading Sharp Objects. She needs to write more books soon
I did not expect this book to take the turns it did. Everything was unexpected and exciting! I did not see the movie before reading this so I had no clue what it was about, but I can say that it was what I expected and more.
I read it straight through, which says a lot to me. I keep thinking of in the book where she said (in so many words), you shouldn't say a book is good, you should say 'I liked the book'. I think my husband would like it too.
More twists and turns than a plate of spagetti ! A real pageturner !!! I could really do without all the repetitious and gratuitous ""F"" words, but, that;s just me...does the younger generation really talk like that ?
Every page has quotable verbiage. Characters are so thought out I'm convinced they are real. This marriage is so messed up: so accurate and simultaneously sad!Wow...100% page thrilling yet hysterical page turner.
A very good thriller/marriage gone very wrong novel - the characters and story are great, the denouement and ending is very original and unexpected (maybe a bit too good for its own good). You can't really put the book down.
Fantastic , the author not only understands men and women , she understands marriage and all human relations. I love her writing style, this book is fantastic, hope the movie works for me, I was wowed in the first chapter!!!
I really enjoyed this book.  Am excited for the movie to come out.  I also like that Gilliam Flynn uses Missouri as her back drop.  Living in MO, I can trully envision her story.  This well written and suspenseful.  Read it!
I saw this book recommended on some talk show. I can't remember which. Maybe The Daily Show? So, I decided to give it a read. I'm glad I did. Talk about dark and twisty and full of sneaky little tidbits. I really enjoyed it.
Thought it started out a little slow but soon became engrossing! Couldn't put it down! Read it in two days to the detriment of everything else I was supposed to be doing! Well written and full of twists, turns and surprises!
I would recommend this book to anyone in a relationship....it might prevent pitfalls. Or simply scare them out of it.Great as a supense story and very cleverly played out with masses of insight in human emotions.
I read this book a good while ago. Meant to give it a review but forgot. Did not forget the book, however, and scenes come back to me unexpectedly. That, to me, is a sign of a good book.  Vivid, vibrant, highly entertaining.
I could not put this book down from beginning to end. Gillian Flynn is a talented author and I hope she continues writing novels with a""twist"". I just read another book by her, Dark Spaces"". It is another winner!
Really enjoyed this book.  A great thriller with a twist in the tale.  Would recommend to anyone.  Have since read both Ms Flynn's other books and highly recommend them also.  Wonderful writer with different slant on things.
Intriguing characters involved in what seems to be either a run a way or a murderer. Fret third of book is who dunnit; second part - how did they do it; final part - will they get away with it.Not your average mystery.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat. The author does a great job of keeping the reader guessing.  I was shocked at how it turned out.  I highly recommend it and am anxious to read the other two books by the same author.
The novel is so cleverly plotted that the end was truly a surprise. I read and reread the novel within a week and sure enough the things that surprised me, were cleverly and subtly put in the chapters before. Love this book!
On Nick and Amy's 5th wedding anniversary, he wakes to the sound of his wife making him breakfast.  However, what should be a happy day is clearly anything but.  There are cracks in this marriage, some which are immediately apparent and some which the reader will learn over time.  Nick heads off to work, but a call from a neighbor summons him home - only to find evidence of a struggle and no sign of his wife.  Amy has disappeared and Nick is the police's no. 1 suspect.  The community rallies, her family descend, everyone in town seems to be missing Amy - apart from Nick, who seems strangely detached from the entire affair.This is a terrific, can't-put-me-down thriller with several dramatic twists to keep the reader on their toes.  Try not to find out too much about the plot because you'll enjoy it far more if you don't know where it's headed.  It's very cleverly written: lots of incidental throwaway lines early on end up being integrated back into the plot.  I did feel that the ending was a bit of a letdown but that's partly because the first three quarters are so good.If you are a fan of Linwood Barclay, Harlan Coben, Gregg Hurwitz or Elizabeth Haynes - welcome to your new favourite book.  I absolutely devoured this - the best thriller I've read all year.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is deliciously suspenseful with fascinating characters.  The story unfolded in a very clever and effective way.  I highly recommend it and I will be checking out the author's other books.
I like a book I can't put down because I have to know what will happen next and this was that type of book. There were just enough clues to what was going on that I wanted to keep reading to find out if my theory was right.
Gone girl shows that in life un fair things may happen to you and you may never find justice because life sucks.  It is genius and has so many twist and turns that will keep you addicted to finding out what really happened.
Well written story. Makes you see the good and bad in each character so you're able to come to your own conclusions. And it will also make you think about your life relationships. Definitely a page turner I would recommend!
I couldn't put this book down once I started reading it.  I love the way it's written, it pulls you in and keeps you guessing . I did not see the movie yet, wanted to read the book first. Best book I've read in a long time.
This was an amazing read. There were many twists and turns-many things were unexpected to me.  I could not put the book down. I kept on wanting to see what would happen nextThe movie left off some things from the book
I had trouble putting the book down.  Just when you thought you knew where the author was going, she put a spin on it.  Can't wait for the movie but I wouldn't have wanted to see the movie before I read the book!  Loved it!
One of the best books I have read for quite a while.  Well written and suspenseful; but even better than that the characters were believable.  This is the work of a good writer and I am going to read more of her books ASAP.
The twists and turns of this great book were absorbing and made for something I couldn't put down. One of the best books I've read in a long while. My wife and I both enjoyed reading  it, and discussing it as we went along.
Always looking for books to keep be wanting more.........Gone Girl was great! Enough turn twisters to keep you wanting to turn pages. The audible and read feature was spectacular and made it easy to read or listen anywhere.
The book was well written. I loved the dialogue between the two main characters, as well as the lingering suspicion of everyone who came into contact with Amy. I hope there's a sequel and I really hope Nick wins in the end.
A friend recommended this book and she was right,  It kept my attention well,  The ending was very different than I expected but really, it could not have ended differently,  Do not read the ending first,  You will ruin it.
This is a really, really well done 'he said - she said' book. Ms. Flynn writes very well. I can't wait to get another of her novels. This book has lots of twists and turns. You never know who to believe, until the very end!
This thrilling read keeps you on the edge of your seat.  It is a page turner, that winds you into a couples own madness.  You find yourself relating to them both... understanding their hurt, but a sick eternal perfect love.
Five stars is pushing it, but deserved for the amazing wordsmith and the entertaining plot throughout most of the book. The ending is a bit deflating given the quality of the overall experience, but all in all a great book.
Gillian Flynn has a magician's talent.  In Gone Girl she accomplishes quite a trick: she writes a story in a way that totally suckers you into believing one thing...when in fact the truth turns out to be many other things.  By now the movie and book industry has desensitized us to plot elements of ""twists and turns"" and ""who done it?"" to the point that we are primed to expect it.  In this book the author manages to erase our immunity for surprise and delights us with a story that makes you feel all shinny and innocently new to these tricks of the trade.Gone Girl tells a story that readers can relate to and get invested into (as you read, before long, you'll be thinking ""oh poor darling"") and, like a car crash, keeps you from ""looking away"".  After a while it sucker punches you in a way that makes you glad you were so naive and unsuspecting.  The middle of the book just squeezes your intellectual guts as you feel bad for the character; but for whom do you feel bad?  You're just not quite sure and that is the best part.I'd tag this book as:+Yes, just do, it pick it up already+You'll be mad and glad about it+But wait there's more (the author has another 2 deliciously disturbing books to quench your thirst for this style of writing)
Eery read. WAY better than the movie, lots more development.Don't expect a huge climax at the end. the character is developed in a way that will leave you creeped out by her actions, and a little scared of her.
Great writer.  ""Amazing"" story.  It truly kept me riveted.  Maybe I will even see the movie though , generally speaking, the movies do not compare well to the books.  Anyway, I will certainly read more Gillian Flynn books.
Great book! The style of her writing is very, down to earth, not heavy on over exaggerated  words or sentences, more like how people actually talk these days.. Very good story that's a shocker that leaves you wanting more!
Wanted to read it quickly before the movie came out. Was able to download it instantly to my ipad via the Kindle app. It's an earie book with a surprising twist that is even more dark. (with many other shockers in between)
Just a great read.  I couldn't put it down the first time through.  Lots of plot twists. It is very well written.  I have re-read it several times just for the enjoyment of the language.  Now I can't wait to see the movie!
Amy and Nick are an intriguing couple as their dramas twist and turn in this hard to put down novel. Just when you think you've figured out what us happening there is another great plot twist. I highly recommend this book.
Gone Girl is an excellent read, a good summer novel. The plot is twisty and holds your interest, you won't want to put it down. You just can't wait to see what happens next. And when you get to the end; Wow! A great novel!
This was the first Gillian Flynn novel I have read and I think I could read a menu written by her.  I read a lot of suspense novels, but this one had me guessing all the way.  Still trying to get my head around the ending.
This is the best kind of suspense novel because it's character driven and the stakes become bigger as the story continues.  Even if you figure out the plot twists, the story is written well enough that it's worth the read.
I absolutely loved this book. Not the type of book I would normally reading but this one has got me wanting to read more like this. There were many unexpected twists that were expertly woven to keep me reading and reading.
I really enjoyed this novel. There were twists and turns I did not expect. Gillian Flynn did a great job. Describing the characters motivations and consequences. I will definitely recommend this book to friends and family.
you now how most books say you cant put it down, well this novel fits that cliche. and Flynn wrote nick dunnes character so well that he remained likeable throughout, my only wish was that he had found something for Boney.
That's what I like best when I read a thriller - not being able to predict what's next. This story led me by the nose right to the end. Great plot that sucks you right in.Wintertide: A Novel
I loved this book! Great character development and it kept me gasping. Even if I could tell what was coming next I would still be eager to see it unfold. A disturbing story that will make you start looking at people twice.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is a tremendous work of fiction. The story was filled with nonstop twists and turns. Admittedly, the ending was not gratifying and was actually the only part of the book I didn't thoroughly enjoy.
Loved all the unexpected turns.When it ended I wanted more.  Partially because the ending was a little more abrupt than I expected or maybe wanted.  Overall, a very good read that I would recommend to all my friends.
I enjoyed reading this book.  It kept me guessing from the start.  You thought you knew where it was headed but then it would take a new turn.  I have to warn you that there is some darkness to it but it added to the plot.
I saw the movie before I read the book. The movie was fantastic and the book was even better! This was one of those books that it was hard to put it down no matter how tired I was! I only wish I would have read it sooner.
Well written and fast paced, kept me up late. Many twists and turns, even when you think you know what's going to happen. Disturbing and fascinating character study involving the media, the recession and people's motives.
Honestly quite a bit more racy that I had anticipated, but this was the fastest read that I have burned through in a long time. Great writing, great twists and it doesn't let you know where it will end up to the very end.
A real thriller that doesn't turn out like you think it will. It makes you want to try to think ahead of what Amy is going to do. Very clever writing and I want to see the movie to see how it plays the book. A great read.
i never read mysteries. I had no idea what it was about. The title was given out for a book club. I've since told many people about the book and each one came back with either intense discussion, and / or a two-thumbs up.
This is probably the best book I have read in years. The plot twists and turns. Just when you think you have it figured out, something entirely unexpected happens. Plus it is very well written, so it's a pleasure to read.
Flynn writes a cautionary tale aimed at the lover seeking that one in a million partner, that woman, or man who knows one completely. Reading Gone Girl I've learned that one should never turn one's back on one's soulmate.
GONE GIRL KEEPS YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT UNTIL YOU FINISH. IT IS ONE OF THOSE BOOKS  YOU CAN'T PUT DOWN. GONE GIRL I THINK REPRESENTS TO ALL MEN THE WOMEN WHO LEFT THEIR LIFE AND THEREFORE CREATS AN INTEREST BY TITLE.
I absolutely loved this book and all of its twists!  It was dark and disturbing, but in a very entertaining way.  Every time I thought I had it all figured out, something would happen to change my mind.  Fascinating read.
Brilliant, clever, captivating.. unforgettable. This book was exactly what I was looking for, I stopped reading for awhile and this book brought me right back in.. now I need another equally incredible book to read! Help!
At first I thought this book was a simple love story. Boy was I wrong! I recommend this book and even got it as a gift for a friend. It's a great discussion book. Everyone seems to have their own opinion on what happened.
This book was so much fun to read, the perfect vacation entertainment. Flynn writes the voice of male and female characters very well, is quite funny, and fills the novel with plot twists and suspense. Highly recommended!
What did I learn by reading this book? Well, let me think a second or so? I've got it. Nick Dunne, to put is kindly, was a wuss and a bum who got a lot better than he deserved. Who could blame Amy for getting even? Not I.
I loved this book. A story about a husband and wife who cannot trust each other. Due to the switching narrator the reader experiences the same feelings as those characters, who is telling the truth? Difficult to put down.
The audio version is read by two actors.  One for Amy and One for Nick.  Very refreshing.  The story is fun but not as twisted and convoluted as I hoped it to be.  Still, it is very enjoyable and a quick read / listening.
I had no idea what I was getting myself into when I bought this book. I did like the idea of a diary and I was not disappointed. This is one that will leave you thinking and may need to be read again. And I never do that!
My timing was unfortunate--began this book right beforefinal exams/grading/posting, so every morning until itwas finished, I'd wake up at 5 a.m. to find out whathappened next....exhausting, but worth it!
I don't usually read this type of book, but two friends who are avid readers recommended it to me.  The two opposing perspectives keep the reader coming back for more.  Only put the book down because I have to go to work!
I didn't think I was going to like Gone Girl when I first started reading it.  It was able to hold my attention, just barely.  It definitely got my attention after a while and was probably the most unique book I've read.
This book is amazing, The twists just blew my mind. Never saw what was around the corner. Amy is pure evil but I loved reading about her. FANTASTIC. Cant wait to read more from this author. I'm off to try her other books
Haven't read an ""outstanding"" novel in a long time. Luckily, I came across ""Gone Girl"" on Amazon Kindle. Renewed my love of reading! Afraid to see movie because they usually don't meet my expectations after reading book.
It was nothing like I've read before and was gripping and mind boggling.  I had a hard timeputting it down & getting other things accomplished until I finished reading it.  My Book Clubreally enjoyed it, too.
I read the book before I watched the movie.  I have to say, the usual was true, I liked the book more than the movie.  The book did a great job of keeping you guessing.  I never knew who the antagonist was until the end.
Great writing. You feel like you know the characters. Ending doesn't tie nicely into a bow.  I wanted to read it because the movie previews looked awesome. It's a book that gets you thinking and it's hard to put it down.
This one is quite simply a true page turner and one of the few books to make me want to go and see the movie, which by the way is not as good as the book - however if you like stuff you can't put down this one is for you
Went to see the movie the day after I read the book. Both were mental twists at every turn. Never met anyone in reality or fiction quite like the Dunnes. All the characters resonated especially Margo and Det. Rhonda. Wow
I absolutely could not put this book down. It reads so honestly and the twists and turns are unpredictable. I imagined a hundred different endings but the true ending left me stunned. I absolutely recommend it to anyone.
Fabulous book, albeit quite heavy with the ""F"" word throughout. I learned to skim over it. I can't say what I want to say without spoiling the ending, so let me just say if you love thriller/whodunits, read this!
Had to read it twice, it was that good. Dark, intelligent, and insane- you really feel like you are inside the mind of a psycho sociopath, which is pretty scary, but it's a train wreck that you just can't look away from.
The intensity of the plot kept my interest. The changing of characters speaking in first person in each new chapter was stimulating.Flynn wrote beautifully in character development while using descriptive language.
I liked the dual part btw the diary and the real story. Whenever I thought that I now knew how the story might end, the story turned another corner and took a new direction. I can only highly recommend to read this book.
I bought this for my father as a birthday gift.  He ended up reading, and finishing it in 2 days.  He kept saying how much he enjoyed it, and based on his positive reviews and those of my friends, I'm excited to read it!
Her knowledge of marriage and dating's dark side is uncanny. Especially on the side of the woman. Who doesn't want to be the woman that every man wants? The cool girl. But what happens when you're not pretending anymore?
Excellent book.  Would read another book by this author.  Fast, easy read.  Could not put it down.  Great plot twists---always made you feel like you were being let in on a friend's ""little dirty secret.""  Great!
I hate, dread, totally avoid books that become hits by reviews fast. And I did so with this book. But after lack of other choices one evening I started it, and I'm glad I did, it has very much earned the 5 stars from me.
It is always fun to read a book and be swept away in the suspense of what is really happening.  Although the ending wasn't a complete surprise, it was always one of the possibilities that I considered might be happening.
I have always read a particular type of author; but through your book suggestions; I have explored different venue publications of different authors.  The result is fantastic.  Please keep sending me your recomendations.
First book I have read by Gillian Flynn and it won't be the last.  Interesting subject matter, presentation and it hooks you right away and is difficult to put down.  I'm not quite done and can't wait to see how it ends.
Wow!  I don't know what more to say!  Twists and Turns throughout.  It's actually been awhile since I read this (about 30 books ago) but I am ready to pick it up and read it again.  I couldn't put it down when I started.
The plot was laid out to perfection. I am a veteran reader and I devoured this book trying to guess what was next. I went from hating one character in a chapter to loving them in the next.Would  make a great movie.
This made you think, and really try and figure the characters out.. It made you think about us as people, our reactions what we want vs the reality. I'm just mad that it ended the way it did. Kind of hoping for a part 2
I saw the movie first and was inspired to read the book.  The book went into a lot more detail than the movie. I loved that.  I got a lot more insight into the characters.  If you liked the movie you will love the book.
It's a real thriller of a story with surprises along the way.This novel adds a new dimension to theidea of being faithful to one's spouse and what can happenwhen promises are broken. Very well written.
I love the book, but sadly have not had the time to finish it.  I am so engrossed and would nothing better than to sit a finish it, but sadly other obligations are preventing me from enjoying this book to it conclusion.
As I'm sure many have said - this book is cray cray!!  OMGosh!  And I really recommend reading the book before seeing the movie.  Just be prepared to question everyone's motives for a space of time after reading this...
My exact words at finishing this book. At first I couldn't see what all the hype was about then I got into it. Great book! Nice to have a twisted lead...two leads who were both simultaneously protagonist and antagonist.
Only can say perfectly keeps you in suspense...Excellent read.Nothing is as scary as a brilliant and twisted mind...to say more would give away too much. A must read for any mystery fan of psychological thrillers.
I heard a lot of mixed reviews from friends about this book before I started reading it, people couldn't get into it, or they hated the ending, etc.  I loved it.  As soon as I started reading it, I couldn't put it down.
It was a little slow going at first. But once the book got going it was great! I couldn't put it down. The twists, turns, and plot were awesome and literally kept me awake so late reading I would exhausted the next day.
My head is spinning.  I've been reading nonstop for almost 24 hours.  Right now I'm contemplating going back to the beginning and rereading the whole book.  This has been a roller coaster ride that I'll not soon forget!
I had read the reviews on this book put it on my list of must read.  Another woman in my book club picked it for her selection.  This book did not disappoint.  I may read this again.  Really great character development.
A very good read for our book club. I will recommend it to others. The book had such a surprising ending and kept the reader's attention throughout the book. Very intertaining and suspenseful. Thank you, Juanita Chessey
What an exceptional book with many twists and turns. This author knows how to write so you don't want to stop reading until it's done. Well thought out and perfectly paced thriller. Offers lots of things to think about.
Read this now.  Seriously, stop reading reviews and buy this book.  Make sure you have a few hours to set aside because you'll have a hard time putting it down.  Amazing book, and I can't wait to read more of her stuff!
Not what I expected at all. I'm usually pretty good at figuring out at least SOME part of the conclusion, but Bravo Gillian Flynn, i was completely surprised by the ending. Just light enough to not be depressingly dark.
I loved this book. One of the best I've read in a while. It is uniquely written from two different perspectives. Twists and turns abound. If you like psychological, mystery, murder, or twisted humor, read this book now.
Gillian Flynn is one of my new favorite authors after reading this novel.  This thriller twists and turns -- I wasn't sure who was the bad guy from one part to the next.  No figuring out 'who dunnit' for me -- loved it.
I haven't had a book that I didn't want to put down like this in a very long time. Lots of twists! I'm reading this author's other novels now. not quite as good but still more entertaining than I've read in a long time.
I read a lot and this is the best book I have read in a long time.  It was impossible to put down.  The author has a great vocabulary which adds to the entertainment factor.  The characters are easy to imagine as well.
Great writing with good use of prose, narrative, plot, twists, and the just correct sprinkling of words that I had to look up. I would have preferred a happier ending but maybe this author considered it a happy ending.
This is so superbly written!  I couldn't put it down and the twists and turns were just so unpredictable and just kept coming.  You must read this book.  I haven't seen the movie but I can't imagine it being this good!
Oh my. So, so good!  I have never wanted to turn and peek at the ending of a book like I did this one (I didn't but I definitely wanted to).  When I got to Part 2 my jaw dropped, along with everyone else who read this.
I couldn't put this down. I loved the way it was written and looked forward to the twists and turns. Quite unlike anything I have read before. Unlike a lot of readers, I enjoyed the ending. Was not disappointed at all.
A very well written and engrossing novel about relationships between man and wife, parents and children, siblings, etc.  I had to force myself to put this book down and go to sleep! Looking forward to seeing the movie!
Well written and well crafted. The unfolding story stays with you and refuses to be set aside because you have more important things to do.  This is a book you don't want to put down till you know how it all turns out.
Very well written story. I wish that I could write as well. But to use a cliché: a real page turner. Every time I had to stop, I got right back to see what was going to happen next. Lots of twists and a true sociopath.
Great book! I hadn't read Gillian Flynn's books before this one. Now I want to check out her other novels.I'm very excited for the movie to come out - I want to see if the movie ends the same way the book does...
Okay, okay, I bought this book because the movie is coming out (the movies are always so much worse, so I always like to read the book first).  This was a great book!  How writers think up this stuff I will never know.
I absolutely loved this book. Every chapter left me wanting more and more. I kept reading and it happens to be one of my favorite books. It is worth a read and I can't wait to watch the movie when it comes out. AMAZING
Don't want to spoil it for anyone.  It started a little strangely and slow but once it caught my attention I could not put it down and spent every waking minute reading it over a day and a half.  Sociopaths amongst us.
The first few chapters were so witty and well written.  I am rarely surprised and this book did several times, so read fast and do not skip ahead or watch the movie previews.  I couldn't get Ben Affleck out of my head.
Gone Girl is a most compelling novel. The unexpected twists and turns in the plot were so riveting I couldn't stop reading. I especially appreciated the point of view shift with almost every chapter. Very entertaining.
This is the best book I've read so far, and im a frequent reader. It keeps you guessing until the end and i couldnt put it down. It is also a relatable book, atleast for me. Definetly read this, you will not regret it.
There was part of the plot where I figured what might happen but it took me beyond to where I though the book was going.  Once I got there, I could not put to down.  i kept reading through the wee hours of the morning.
This is such a well written book with several twists & turns.I read it in three days & then immediately downloaded Gillian Flynn's previous two books.I would thoroughly recommend it as a great holiday read.
Brilliant, it kept me interested to the last page and this is not something which usually happens.  The whole book was excellent and I would highly recommend it.  Lots of twists and turns to keep you turning the pages.
Super fun read and didn't go where I thought it was going to go.  She sets it up perfectly.  The whole time I was thinking ""this would make a great movie"" and lo-and-behold, it's in development with Ben Afleck.
I really enjoyed this book. I bought its kindle version.It was the 1st book I have ever read from this author, and as I found it so interesting, I'm now reading another tittle from the same writer:  Sharp objects
Get past the first 75 pages ( if you have any question) then you will be on the edge of your seat until the end of the book.  Cleverly written this book is a master piece of suspense and an intricate weaving of events.
Couldn't put this book down! It's fast-paced and the way the chapters are written is so unique. You think it might be confusing but Gillian Flynn weaves the story so well, it's effortless. I HIGHLY recommend this book.
I loved all the plot twists!
Good book, hard to put down.
Great book  very suspenseful
So many twists - very enjoyable.  The book has a lot of pop culture references; however, once it is all patched together it is far from mainstream. The author' s way with words is delightful and her story is haunting.
Loved the book, great writing but was disappointed in the ending.  I wanted to read it before I go to see the movie where there is a supposedly surprise ending.  So here's hoping that ending is better then the book's.
Well, if you like twists, turns, feeling anxious, sitting on the edge of your seat, and sneaking away because you just have to read a chapter or two - this is the novel for you.  I'm still reeling from the conclusion.
Wowza my head was spinning while I read this book.  Gillian Flynn is a brilliant writer. Her character development is so twisted-in that way that makes you worry for her husband.  I joke!  This book is a must read!!!!
Gillian Flynn has spun a remarkable tale of human frailties within the pages of Gone Girl. This is a story that will be difficult to dismiss from my memory. I am looking forward to seeing this story on the big screen.
very disappointed when the book finished it was great never saw what was coming.  would have liked a different ending i suppose... like nic getting a divorce or catching amy out in some way, no ' just desserts' there.
Gone Girl is a suspenseful and well written novel.  I've read it twice now (a couple of years apart) and still cannot believe the ending!  I'm now into Dark Places which is another Gillian Flynn novel.  Happy reading!
Absolutely fantastic look into the minds of a crime drama and the players involved. Interesting take on how the media is such an important part of the story now and how the reality is never what is told to the public.
Gone Girl was a great book. Could not put it down. Very well-written, intriguing. Definitely recommend to anyone who likes a good thriller/mystery type!  The best book by Flynn, wasn't as pleased with her other books.
I read this book in record time (for me) and it really stuck with me for weeks afterwards.  I kept thinking about the characters and how wonderful of an escape the book was.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone!
This book just keeps coming and seems to live with it all: mystery, romance, meaning of life; and manages to be a page turner in the process. I can't believe I hesitated to purchase and read this great American novel.
Omg! The twists and turns this book takes...... just when you think you have it all figured out it all changes again. Great read. Thank heavens for book club because I probably would not have ever picked this book up.
For some reason I didn't expect to like this book, but I loved it.  Its shifting narrators and plot twists really kept me guessing.  Very well written and deserving of its long tenure on the NY Times best seller list.
Words can't even describe how incredible this book is. With a twist that makes you want to rewind and read it over and over, I didn't put the book down until it was finished. A solid 5 hour read and my mind was blown.
I couldn't put this book down.. Mesmerizing...  A wife goes missing and naturally the husband is the major suspect.  Husband? Wife? Other sinister madman? Who is responsible for this situation?  for the relationship??
This was an excellent psycho-pathological study of two main characters and their toxic symbiotic relationship. The plot had several twists and though I did not like either of the main characters they were fascinating.
Just like everyone else, I found this novel one of the most compelling books I've read in several years.  The premise is unusual and the author carries it off without a hitch -- twists and turns throughout.  Loved it.
A great story! Love the refreshing presentation of two totally flawed characters! I would recommend this ""who-dunnit"" for all who like a bit of suspense, full characterization, and a few good laughs thrown in!
Gone Girl is the kind of book where you can't wait to see what happens next. You'll find yourself making time out of your busy schedule to keep reading so you can find out how it will end so you can declare I'm Dunne!
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time. The first 1/3rd, you think you know where it is going but surprise you do not. I took a chance on this book not knowing the author, but was pleasently surprised!
Wow. What a book. I could not put this book down. Fantastic read. Wasn't expecting how it ended. A must read. I don't want to give any spoilers away. Not sure if I should watch the movie. The books are always better.
This book was fantastic. I forced myself to read it before I saw the film. So glad I did that, but I can say that the film did a great job of encompassing the novel. Bravo all the way around. Gillian Flynn is gifted.
The most disturbing book I have ever read. I really enjoyed how the story was woven and the end left me thinking about the book for days. I would suggest it to anyone that can handle the complexity and creepy factor.
Did not see that one coming! Great, addicting story. Flynn really did an excellent job creating this mind twister. I just finished the book and I have a feeling I'll be going over the ending in my head for a while...
This book- incredible. I read it before it shot to popularity, and I couldn't put it down. Just when you think you have the characters and plot solved, it completely changes course on you. Not for the faint of heart!
It took me several attempts to get into this story. Not until I saw it was going to be a movie that I pushed thru it. Went along faster for me once I got past a certain point it then had interesting twists and turns.
Just when you think you have it all figured out-- heart stopping, never-saw-it-coming plot twist, not just once, but time and time again. Easily the best book I have read in a long time. I didn't want to put it down.
Lots of twists and turns, and good right to the end.  I enjoyed this book and really couldn't put it down which is saying something for me lately.  Best all-around interesting book I have read in the past few months.
I hated the character of the wife from the very beginning and pretty shortly after I deduced they were both nuts. I hate the ending but I won't deny the book is a page turner. You just have to know what happens next!
great read! surprises all the way through. really good character development ...Can't wait to see if the movie will live up to the book.  i  think there could be enough material left to write a sequel.  we'll see....
Up to the minute memorable reading.  Had to turn pages quickly to stay with the excitement it created.The twists and turns left me not figuring out the next move. Super Summer Book.....make that anytime good reading.
this book was recommended to me by several people. It really was a ""I can't stop reading"" book for me. I couldn't believe all the twists and turns. It is scary to think that there could be people like this out there.
I really liked the 2 perspective writing style and all of the plot twists.  This book made it onto Amazon's 100 best book list, and I think it deserves to be there.  This is the best book I have read in a long while.
Loved the twists and turns of this story. It started kinda slow but after a few chapters I couldn't put it down. I would love to know what Amy is like as a mom... I bet the outcome of that would be even more twisted.
At first I wasn't sure how I felt about this story but as I read on I became hooked. Every time I stopped reading I'd be thinking about what would happen next. I finished this book in two days I couldn't put it down.
As an avid suspense and thriller reader, this book met my expectations.  Not a story that I knew what would happen next.  I got involved with characters and had mixed feelings about what I thought of them at the end.
Recommended by a friend and rightly so.  Great character development. That being said, I didn't ""care"" for the characters, but was intrigued the entire time and curious about the ending.  Great vacation read.
This was quite different from the books I normally read, but many friends recommended it so I thought I would try it.  I'm so glad I did because I loved it.  Kept me interested from the beginning until the last page.
There was a lot of complaining about the ending from other reviews but I enjoy it, it was quite different. Lots of unexpected twists and turns, the crazy narator, it's a good read and kept me captive the entire time.
Enjoyed the book....I got the book quickly....It kept me going and never dull...I have since passed it along to a friend and she loves it so much that it is going on day 3 and is almost done reading the book as well.
Very interesting reading. The deeper into the book, I find I want to read faster to find out what happens. The book caused me to have differing ideas on how the plot is going, but I didn't really know until the end.
Great book! I saw the movie before I read the book, which is a first for me. I am surprised that I liked the book and the movie. Usually the movie is a let down, but both were great. I am waiting for the sequel now!
I found this book to be very enjoyable. The different points of view going back and forth held my interest and kept making me change my mind about who was the bad guy and who was good.  I would  highly recommend it.
What a screwed up couple ! They deserved each other. Scary to think a spouse could conspire all this w/o her husband having a clue. He was really clueless all around but I think his last words to her were priceless.
This is the best book I have read in years; and I read a lot of books.  Really kept me in suspense.  I didn't want it to end.  Is there a sequel yet?  I might even have to watch the movie just to see how they do it.
I never saw the twist coming and once it did I was forced to read even faster! This book has so many ups and downs. It was written by a true master. It is a brilliant book. I definitely recommend reading this story!
The beginning is a little confusing until you get I to the story.Well written about a sad sociopath trying to be happy.Only weak spot is unfinished murder of DesiFascinating and unable to put down.
Well written.  Kept my interest throughout.  Kept waiting for the other spouse to write their section.  Wasn't thrilled with the ending, but it does give rise to a sequel or for the reader to form their own opinion.
My self inflicted pain of losing sleep over having to finish this book was so worth it! Any time I feel completely unnerved, the book, or movie is always good, this story leaves you irritated in a way that makes it!
Wow!  Have not seen the movie but the book is written in first person, switching between the main characters, which makes it seem very real.  It is certainly a quick read and holds your attention through every page.
This book really blew me away. The writing was wonderful and exciting.Most of the time I can figure out a book but this one was very surprising. I enjoyed it and would highly recommend it.Shelia McBrayer
I thought the book was very interesting.  Lots of twists and turns.  I thought the wife had been murdered, but then the end told a whole different story.  Ending was a real surprise.  Good reading and got me hooked.
Without a doubt, the very best psychological thriller I have read!  I did not want to put it down. I have already recommend it to several friends and my book club. Looking forward to reading Ms. Flynn's other books.
This book will have you guessing from page one. Flynn weaves the plot and the characters brilliantly to make it almost impossible to put down and racing to find out what twist comes next. Well worth reading by far!!
This is one of my favorite books I read this year. It is suspenseful, with lots of twists and turns.I learned a lot about sociopaths.I have recommended it a few times to friends and they too have enjoyed
I found the story enthralling and loved that I ""could not put it down."" Only complaint that I felt the ending was contrived and upended, which most really good books often are.  I highly recommend this book!
This is one interesting read and once you get started, you can't stop because you want to see what in the world the female character is going to do next in order to keep her control. Unbelievable and scary behavior!
There was never a time in this book where I was bored. I've read all of her books because they grasp your attention and believe me when I say you never want to put the book down. I absolutely loved this book!!!!!!!!
This book was crazy messed up! I read the whole thing in two days because it just kept getting stranger and stranger. I love when a good book makes you want to keep turning the pages- this book definitely does that!
Flynn masters the craft of switching a readers sympathy so utterly and uncontrollably well. Her characters thrive on public, and reader, perspective and this thrusts the novel into a new realm of the mystery genre.
Every good read. Huge twist in the story which I did not see coming. Shows you there are two sides to a story then there is the truth. We are so quick to judge just shows you how wrong a person can be. A must read.
I read the book after I saw the movie, which turned out to be the right order.  Definitely saw why the movie went where it did, but the book made much more sense, in its twisted way.  I could not put the book down.
Very funny and very creepy story. Lots of twists and turns. Movie can't include all of them, so the book is far better. Would make good series of stories. I want to read more about these two people after book ends.
I LOVED this book!!! It had me from the first page!!! I read the whole thing in less than 48 hours!! What a read! So suspenseful, so much I didn't see coming.  A real page-turner! I can't wait to see the movie now!
All I can say is WOW,I absolutely loved this story with all its twists and turns.This story entertained me all the way.This is the best thriller i have read thus far!!I can't wait to give Flynns other works a try:)
This book made me go ""WHAAAAAAAAAAT"" and muttering to myself after reading because it was soooo ..... Something!Never thought this would be the ending, I guess I wanted something more to happen!
remember hearing that life is what you make it? Gillian has created perhaps the two most horrible people to ever walk through 422 pages. And I could hardly put it down. Doesn't bode well for hetero-marriage though.
Very easy read, interesting, kept me eager to know what would happen next, and I could not predict...makes you think about relationships in general.....although these were ""extreme"" and sometimes physcotic.
Every time I say the title to this book I think ""Go on, girl!"" Thus story has more twists and turns than Shenandoah known to man...and leaves you remembering there is someone fir everyone...no matter how crazy!!!!!
you feel almost creepy sometimes reading it. Like you are somewhere you are not suppose to be. I really loved this book and now am on my third Flynn book. They are a compelling and thrilling read. Hard to put down.
This book takes another crazy turn!  Great storyline, great characters, overall I just couldn't put it down.  I had never read anything by this author before now, can't wait to see if all their books are this good.
This novel is full of twists and turns.  I won't talk about the plot because there is tons of that information out there.  I'll just say that I loved it, that it made its own sense, and that the ending was perfect!
Very well written as both characters were built up. You are always guessing and not sure whose side to take and then the ending just adds a whole climax in itself. The kind of book I struggled to put down at night!
The book kept me engrossed from start to finish.  How many surprises can be written in one book and still keep you reading for more?  I was astounded and could not keep from thinking about the story and characters.
This book kept me guessing the entire time. It twists and turns and ended at a place I never saw coming. Amazing writing. Language is VERY strong, however. Just a warning if you're someone who doesn't like cursing.
This was my first Gillian Flynn novel.  I am looking forward to reading her other books.  This was a very fast read--I am a slow reader and finished it in about 10 days.  I expect others to read it in about 3 days.
I read this book on a trip, and relayed the story to my husband as each chapter unfolded.  He was as enthralled as I was, and kept asking what's happening now?
It took me a while to get into this book.  Maybe close to 40%. But after that I was in and had to know what was going to happen and how it would end.  As always the book is better than the movie but I enjoys both.
It is a story that will keep on surprising you with the details of a thinking bright mind.. And a struggle between personalities and what people ought to do to save the persons they love..A must read..
I loved this book. I wanted to read it when I saw the movie was coming out. Now I feel like I can't watch the movie because it will never live up to this book. It had me at the edge of my chair until the very end.
What a roller coaster ride!!  Just when I thought I had the plot figured out, it turned and turned again until I gave up trying to guess or predict what would happen next.  I hope the movie does the book justice!!
Very well written and a story line I haven't encountered before. I can usually figure out the end of a story but this one had me fooled. I want to see the movie to see how they portray the  characters of the book.
Loved the book one of the best I have read in awhile  Loved the movie a s well. Would recommend this to anyone that likes mysteries.  Has a very dramatic twist  just when you think y oh know the guilty per s on is
This was a weird read, but definitely kept me intrigued the whole way through!  It has many twists and turns, and you never know what's going to happen next! Don't try to figure it out...just enjoy the crazy ride!
Amazing. The reader is dragged through their own emotions of what characters to love and hate, their own feeling of safety, anger and despair. Great, great book. Can't wait to see if the movie does it any justice.
Outstanding.  The story is told from two different perspectives.  There are many unexpected twists, and a few you can see coming.  Very engaging.  Plan to spend the afternoon because you won't want to put it down!
I didn't expect the intensity of this piece and I was impressed. Flynn did an excellent job describing the mind of a sociopath and the destruction she orchestrates on the lives of those around her.  Excellent job.
Great story that alternated between his and her points of view, continually getting smaller, quicker, more intense in the repartee like a fine musical composition until you are completely sucked in for the ending.
This is an amazing book and should be on everyone's read list!  Oh wow was all I could say as I read this book and people around me would just look at me funny as i read because I couldn't help but gasp as I read.
I absolutely loved this book.  First book I've read in a long time that I could not stop reading or thinking about.  The characters are awesome and get inside your head.  Will try another Gillian Flynn novel soon.
This ending really makes you think about fate, escapism, getting caught in a rut, responsibility, loyalty and utter frustration, not necessarily in that order.  It is the kind of story that could happen to anyone.
Could not put this book down!  I loved reading this book and it was very well written, keeping you on the edge of your seat waiting to see what happens next!  Am looking forward to reading the authors other books!
At first it tool awhile to get into it.  The way it was written by the two main characters on their side of the story was good.  It was very disturbing to me that she got away with everything.  What a way to live.
Loved this book.  Held my interest from the first page to the last.  Highly recommend!  Everyone in my circle of family and friends have either read it or are reading it now, and they all agree it is a great read.
This book came in perfect condition on time.  I'm looking forward to reading it. A friend is teaching it in a college class; it was chosen by her students as their favorite ""literary best seller"" to study.
I love the ""voice"" and personality conveyed in of the characters. The chapters are short and it swings from Nick to Amy and their perspectives on life and each other. One of the top reads for me this year!
Read this book but do not read any of the reviews.  It is not possible to review this book without including spoilers,Pay attention to the ratings but read the reviews only after you have completed the book.
Me and my wife have been reading a few pages of this book nearly every night for the past month. We love it. Maybe the best mystery novel I have ever read. Even if you don't like to read, you will love this book.
One of the best mysteries that I have read in a long time.  Gillian Flynn has the unique ability to present both genders in equally impressive yet sadistic ways.  I look forward to Ms. Flynn's next literary work!
Well written and complex. However, I found myself angry at both main characters. They are despicable human beings and I'd like them both incarcerated for the rest of their lives rather than the way the book ends.
I wasn't sure who to side with? Both main characters have faults and both lose control of their feelings! The author brings you into a world where story telling becomes a reality. A new twist to keeping a diary!!
Wow! Amazing writer. Not a nail-biter, but didn't expect the ending to be as it did.  It made complete sense though.  I have to read the book again now and it'll feel like I'm reading a different book altogether.
After reading the book I can't wait to see the movie! This was hard to put down. Good solid characters, great plot, and the inevitable twist that keeps you going, looking for the next one! These people are scary!
Characters were rich and believable, Amy was Amazingly Pyscho.!  This was a thriller from start to finish.  Ms. Flynn has now been added to my favorite author list and I can't wait to read the rest of her novels.
Great read! The ending left me a little upset but goes perfectly with the complex characters. Can't wait to see the movie. Haven't read anything quite like this before and will definitely read more by this author
What an interesting novel! Well-written, complex characters in a difficult situation, and a plot that won't quit. I purposely didn't know anything about the plot, so everything was a surprise. Highly recommended.
Wonderful book! Totally catches your attention from the beginning. I enjoyed Gillian Flynn's writing style. It was the first book by her that I had read. I will read more from this author. I recommend Gone Girl!!
Everything everyone said it was. Keeps you guessing. These people are warped and I loved it. Listened to it on Audible, I think the two different narrators allowed me to become more engrossed in the storytelling.
I literally could not put this book down. A who dun it with many excellent twists and turns. The best read I have had in a while. It took all I could do not to cheat and check out the ending. Yes, it's that good.
A real page turner that keeps you guessing all the way to the end and perhaps beyond. Gillian Flynn is  masterful with her plot and leads the reader through many twists, turns and emotions. Well worth time spent.
I got this as a gift for an aid reader and she was mesmerized!  It is a good read, but it is somewhat of a ""girlie book"".  Ie., don't buy it for your macho man. Wait, macho men don't read anyway, do they?
I couldn't stop reading, holding my breath or clenching my teeth!  Gillian Flynn managed to immerse me into the lives of Nick & Amy, to the point I was thinking about them while I was driving, working and eating.
This book started a bit slowly, but by 30 pages in, it is un-put-downable.Very interesting characters who narrate their lives unreliable, leading to fascinating and unforeseen plot twists.Great stuff!
Loved the thrill. Loved the mystery. Loved how the voices of the characters ""true personalities"" evolved and became their reality. Would make a great movie with Rachel McAdams and Ryan Reynolds....right?!
Very clever piece of writing, highly enjoyed this novel, even though thrillers are not my genre at all. Gillian Flynn is a skilled author, no doubt about it.
So different from any novel I have read.  A must read.  Torn from a dateline NBC headline, its another side to a typical husband cheats and kills wife story.
I heard there was a book and a movie and I love to read the book first and then watch the movie. Both really good. The book wasn't a page turner but I did want to know what happens next when I put the book down.
Wow! Nick and Amy were both insane. They deserved each other. This was a good read and wasn't predictable. It's definitely like no other book I've read before, I recommend this book to others without hesitation.
Well written, the change in perspective from chapter to chapter kept things moving well. A couple of well-placed twists that keep you  questioning the main characters and their next moves. Overall, a great read!
I enjoyed the two voices in this book, three if you count Go though it's never in her view.  I enjoyed the twists and turns and I was very glad it didn't have a happy ending. That would have been very contrived.
Gillian Flynn has a great writing style.  This book had me hooked from page one.  I loved all the twists and turns. I would highly recommend this book.  I am going to see the movie now that I have read the book.
THE movie was excellent, and I saw that before I finished the book. They were alike in alot of ways. I then finished the book. I would recommend this book for all book clubs or anyone who likes a good read.  gma
Hard to get into but once you do you cannot put it down.  Looking forward to seeing movie this week.This author has the talent to write a very different book and keep you totally absorbed to the last page.
Really liked this book. The twists are really good and the characters thoughts are very interesting. Very.I read it in three days and will think about some of the thoughts the character Amy had for a lot longer.
This book is full of lots of twists and turns.  It kept me intrigued all the way through.  I picked up the book because I knew the movie would be coming out soon.  Always like to read the books before the movie.
Started a little slow but ramped up quickly.  Amy is a person you'd love to hate but you can't because she is so smart and coordinated.At the end I wanted both to win-which I guess they did!  Great read!!!
I still haven't read this but am looking forward to reading it! I had heard from other friends that it is an excellent book! Saw a movie preview that there was going to be a movie about this starring Ben Afflec!
Gone girl did exactly as the author intended- gave me the creeps, made me lose sleep, and long for a modicum of a happy ending that I knew would never happen.  Intensely well written, my jaws are still clenched.
This is the first Gillian Flynn novel I read, and I loved it.  There was a great twist in the middle.  The ending isn't so impressive, but I was overall pleased with the book and would consider reading it again.
Great book. Kept you guessing. Half way through the book will shock you! At the end the book will shock you again! Good story, well written, a lot of fun to read and will get you thinking about the human psyche.
My kindle kept dying because I couldn't put this book down. I was disappointed by the ending, but that didn't take anything away from the story. Format of storytelling was unique and added interest to the story.
I was not in love with it at first as the story unfolds very differently but then I couldn't put it down!  I was eager to read something that enthralling right away.....haven't found another one to equal it yet!
Amazingly crafted page turner which kept me riveted until the last word.  The characters were believable and the observations made about the nature of relationships was most thought provoking. Highly recommended
This book was a breeze to read as after each chapter I just wanted to know what the other was going to do/say. It was suspenseful and very well written in my opinion. I recommend this book for any adult reader..
I read this book in two days. It kept my attention. I really wanted to see what came next. I enjoyed the plot and the characters. Id recommend this book to anyone that enjoys a mystery and likes to be surprised!
Love the idea of a thriller depicting the demise of a marriage. Fabulous writing and clever quips permeate this novel. Gillian Flynn will be on our shelves...or in our electronic devices for a long time to come!
This is the first time I have read a Gillian Flynn novel. It was super suspenseful.  Such an intricate plot but all the pieces fit together perfectly. I will check out her other books since this one was so good.
Couldn't put my Kindle down until I finished the book. Thank goodness for Amazon. It's so easy since you don't have to go to the library or leave the house.
I was up until 2am finishing this book last night. It was riveting, thought provoking, and darkly funny. I'll be reading her two prior books in short order.
An exceptionally good story
I don't get much free time to read for entertainment, but this one was worth every moment! It was a gripping 'whodunnit' which raised a lot of questions about trust and expectations in a long term relationship.
This was such a web of evil! Sadly I know many people who operate like the main characters. It kept me analyzing and guessing until the end. I NEVER would have predicted the ending... This is a surprise for me.
This book delves deep into the inner mind of a sociopath. It describes life with a sociopathic spouse so well that I began to suspect Gillian Flynn had been spying on my ex-husband all those years. Well done!!!
Enjoyed this book immensely -  slightly slow in the beginning but the story then takes you down to many twists and turns.  this book was difficult to put down.  Well written and the characters are well defined.
After having had a spouse with Borderline Personality Disorder, this book was all too real to me, and absolutely terrifying. A type ""A,"" dedicated BPD suffer would do exactly many of these things.  9/10
Loved this book! Full of good twists, you can't decide which characters  you are siding with as the story develops. I read it before the movie came out, but the movie is a very accurate portrayal in my opinion.
Not anything like I expected! This story really stuck with me - it began with a certain tone which hooked me, then it flipped on itself and intensified as it went on. Still thinking about it after I'm finished!
Gillian Flynn can surely write. The book shows you a story that keeps changing and fliping. The very difficult psycopath characters are described in an excellent way. Keeps you awake at night, that is for sure.
Kept me guessing till the very end.  I liked it so much I am giving a copy to my best friend for Christmas.  We both love a good book.  Plan on gifting myself we the other two books.  Hope they are as riveting.
This is by far one of my favorite books. I couldn't put it down. The progression of the character's multiple personalities kept me on the edge of my seat, wondering what was going to happen next. Must read!!!!!
Hope Amazing Amy will come back with another smart plan to instigate Nick and Nick will make her to taste her own medicine this time.DNA of Amy's child is a match of her victim Desi.Come back soon Amazing Amy !
Crazy books. Gillian Flynn is such an amazing writer! She develops the characters so much. Although, the books are quiet crazy. Just saw the movie last weekend, it was done well. Still, I enjoyed her book more!
It's written in a very engaging style, with many unsuspected twists and turns, and an ending that is both  not predictable and very dark.  The writing is good and the characters are for the most part realistic.
The story moved constantly, always with a sense of urgency and mystery. I loved the ending. The way the author built her two main characters from childhood on. Who they became. How I rooted for Amy.  Great book
This book will keep and on your toes cover to cover. You may think you have the story figured out but she throws you one curveball after the next. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and highly recommend it.
Hands down the best novel I have ever read. Certainly not a ""light"" read, but well worth it. I am seriously debating seeing the movie because I can't imagine it being even half as wonderful as the book.
this is the first can't-put-it-down book I've read in years.  beautifully written, wonderful twisty, believable plot.  characters drawn with empathy and humor, and extreme grace going from one voice to another.
If you like a book that keeps you guessing until the end, you'll like Gone Girl.  It was one of those books I couldn't put down because I had to find out what happened, and I don't come across those very often.
Kept me glued to the page to see what could possibly happen next.  Never sure where this book would take you and it was wonderfully refreshing to read something that was not predictable!  Absolutely great read!
Not predictable. Just when I thought I knew what was coming next this book would take another turn. Couldn't wait to sit down and read to see what happened next. Clever and a wild insight into a truly mad mind.
Once I started reading this book I could not put it down. It's thrilling from the very beginning and leaves you wanting to find out more. I definitely recommend it if you love a good mystery and suspense novel!
WOAH. I ordered this book after hearing Reese Witherspoon bought the movie rights. I couldn't put this book down. I suggest this to any reader. You will not expect the twist and I am now a fan of Gillian Flynn.
Had this book in my ""recommended reading"" files for quite sometime and just never picked it back up after chapter one. I am so glad that I did! Unbelievable twists in each chapter...Amy is a mastermind!
There were lots of surprises.  I really like the way it was told from two perspectives.  Just when you thought you had it all figured out the author changed who is telling the story and the real truth comes out
I will admit that the first portion of the book reads like your typical murder mystery, but in the middle it swerves down the path of a pychological thriller and I couldn't put it down! Give this book a chance.
I bought this book when it first came out, before all of the hype.  I loved it and finished it in just a few days (which is quite a feat for me considering I have four children).  Would recommend it for anyone.
gone Girl is far from your typical whodunnit mystery.  It is written in a very clever manner and will leave the reader anxious to discover what comes next.
omg could not put this book down for a minute.gillian flynn is my new favorite author.i love the style of her writing.i cannot wait to read her other books
Bipolar effect of the characters had me captured from the first page. The first disgust I felt with Nick didn't compare one iota to that of what I felt for Amy. Was bummed after the last page. Crazy brilliant.
Wow!  The character development is superb.  I felt like I lived through the lives of the main characters.  The story is shear delight and madness and poetic justice...A brilliant mind created this story.
This book looks into marriage and you may not be happy with the results. It is heavy and deep and is open to your opinion. It says love is powerful and some will kill for it. Yes, it will make your skin crawl.
What a story. Not what I expected,but kept me enthralled to the end. Not giving  it 5 stars because for me, the ending disappoints a bit. But over all, great read. Language is a bit foul for my tastes though..
With all the hupla about this novel, I was really getting disappointed in it until.......I got to the middle of the first section.  This well written book is more than worth reading.  It is a real page turner.
I have been an avid read since I was 7 years old and that was 40 years ago and this is probably my all time favorite book!  Well written and I love the different point of views and now I am Flynn fan for sure!
Great book. I never would have predicted the ending. Excellent character development.  I love murder mysteries and read it because I thought that's what it was, but this book is really a new genre into itself!
A tremendous book. I had been hearing so much about it, I had to try it. It started to get a bit dull, but hang in there. Once the twist is revealed, it was riveting. A great read. Can't wait to see the movie.
The feeling I got throughout the book: 'how did I not see that coming?"" Because of that feeling I had to read the next page now. I really enjoyed falling to every trap and still be entertained by the book.
Love love loved this book. Great twists and turns at every page . I will recommend this book to mystery lovers and anyone who just wants to read a book that you can't put down until you have read the last page
Excellent character development. I am now a huge fan of this author because of the engrossing storyline. This was a book I didn't want to put down. I'm now reading Sharp Objects which is equally as compelling.
It was not as shocking as people made it seem when I heard others discussing it, but it certainly was a well written novel that made me want to just keep on reading...and reading...and reading.  Cool twists...
One of the best books Ive ever read. Brilliantly written, both the story and the time frame in which its told. Make me wonder what my husbands really might be thinking. Nothing is ever as it seems. Great book!
Suspense without being scared to death! Excellent character study of the two main characters. I could not put this book down! Highly recommend for anyone looking for a psychological thriller. Loved the ending!
Gone girl was new for me. I read more teen books then adult. But I really wanted to read it. Read it for my book club and I loved it so much. Couldn't stop reading. Took me about 2weeks to read. So addictive.
The plot was intricate and very detailed.  I loved how the narrative switched between Amy's diary and Nick's voice, and then revealed Amy's real motives and actions.  This was very well done and a great read.
Tense drama, lying, duplicitous spouses, infidelity, mystery, intrigue... the list only builds, as does the suspense in this page Turner. Loved it and would love to see more on a par with this from Ms. Flynn.
Excellent, as good as, or better than, the movie. Loved it. Watched the movie and came home, purchased the book and read it.  The characters are rich and well written, plenty of surprises and angst. Fab book.
Or are these the games we play to prove how smart we are? Definitely the two protagonists have reality and their imagined play mixed up day by day and only one can be a winner and plenty of bystanders losers.
One if those books that captures you from the first page.  I find this style book hard to put down, the author alternates characters in every other chapter.  I enjoyed the book from the first to last chapter.
This book kept my interest from start to finish. If i watch the movie now I think I can appreciate it more. Not sure I will as I heard it was pretty violent. I would definitely read more books by this author!
I am reading the Kindle edition.  I have not finished the novel yet but, so far, I am riveted.  The writing style is so natural and the story line is gripping.  I am looking forward to what will develop next.
Great read!  It's a mystery, thriller with some twists & turns.  The ending was a complete surprise to me.  Character development & plot kept my interest from beginning to end.  Will read more by this author.
This is a great book with twists on every page.  You can never be sure if what you are thinking is right or not!  One word of advice tho.... read the book FIRST before seeing the movie - it's better that way!
This was crazy! And really great! I was so into the story and figuring out what the hell was going on. It is torture wanting to discuss it when people haven't read it and/or don't want you to spoil the movie!
Great read. A lot of unexpected twists and turns. Well developed  characters. It's just a really exciting and very fun read. I stayed up until 4:00am reading because I had to see how it was going to turn out!
This book was as good as everyone said it was. It had you from the moment you read the first page and kept you guessing until the very end. Kudos to Gillian Flynn; keep on writing and we will keep on reading.
This was a very engaging read.  The main characters were well drawn. The story line flowed smoothly.It will keep you guessing. You may alternately love and then hate the couple depending on the chapter.
great book...once you get into it and understand the flow of the story, it will be hard to put down.  Can't wait to see the movie..it was fun picturing Ben as the main character.  Enjoy this book, I sure did.
I absolutly love this book. I have read it twice now and had my book club read it this month. It is such a dark and twisted story that leaves you hooked until the very end. I would highly recommend this book!
This book is very intriguing with well developed characters and a twisted plot. I haven't been so enthralled with a book in a long time. I love this writer and this story is my favorite out of her collection.
I really loved this book. I was hooked right from the beginning and once half way......................all the twists and turns. I had to buy it in paper back to give it to someone who does not have a Kindle.
First 100 pages were a little slow, I was wondering why everyone was saying what a great book this was. But then it really takes off you won't be able to put it down, stayed up till 2:00 AM just to finish it.
Extremely interesting book.  It was well written and had some very unexpected twist.  Kept my attention.  Maybe since I am from Missouri I related to setting.  Highly recommend!  Looking forward to the movie!
This book was a complete surprise for me.  Once I started, I couldn't put it down.  The twists and surprises will keep you up wanting to find out what happens.  Will make you consider who is living next door.
The story was very surprising and I was engaged from the first page. At first I tought this was a ordinary love story, then it took a twist, and I could hardly do anything else before I had finished the book.
Gone Girl captured my attention from the very start and held my interest to the very end. It also challenged my emotions as I attached myself to one of the main characters. I was very pleased with the ending!
This is the kind of book that you rush home from work, make dinner, get everyone clean and ready for the next day in record time so you can spend the rest of the night reading!  I can't wait for the next one.
Fascinating character study and many twists and turns to keep reader guessing as to what happened both physically and psychologically in an unraveling of a relationship. Kept my interest throughout the story.
This may be the scariest read ever for me.  Like a box of CrackerJack:  you don't know what's coming, but you know it's a prize.  And a surprise!  I'm reminded of my ex.  That's the only downside to this one.
I was so excited to read this book.I had been hearing a lot of people talk about it especially because the movie was going to come out soon. Seriously one of the best books I have read. I Love Gillian Flynn!
I love this novel..so many twists and turns..very unpredictable..just the way I like. The ending left me wanting more..I want to know what happens to Amazing Amy and Nick..great book..not too keen on ending.
I chose this book because of an interview with Reese Witherspoon that  I saw on 60 minutes.  This was the first fictional book I have read in awhile.  It was a very well written book and a pleasure to read .
I loved this book for the suspense and the surprises. Whether or not I was happy with how everything turned out, I was fully engaged and kept reading through to the end. Now I just need to find more like it!
Took two days to read on our new Kindle.  First, it is SO easy to physically read on the Kindle it really speeds you up.  Second, it was VERY well done.  Could not get my wife to put it down!!  Really.......
Very fast easy read  filled with mystery from the very first page.  Not usually a mystery reader but I loved it and could not put it down. Now I must look for Gillian Flynn's other books and give them a try.
This book was hard to put down.  Not that you love the characters, but you want to see the next twist in the story. I am glad that I read the book before seeing the movie.  There is so much more to the book.
Really enjoyable book, felt like I wanted to keep reading it to the end. I would definitely recommend this to other readers as there is a very good story line and unexpected changes when you least expect it.
From the moment I started reading...I couldn't put this book down!  And the twists and turns...wow...brilliant!  I thoroughly enjoyed it....and am only hoping that the ""movie"" is just as good, if not better!
This is the craziest story. Every time I think I have it figured out, it takes another turn. It kept my attention completely. The entire time, with every page. I look forward to more and more by this author.
My wife purchased this for a two week road trip, and stayed up to finish it in one night. Could not put it down. It's been over a month and she's still talking about this book and getting friends to read it.
This book was a legitimate page turner. I had a hard time sleeping. I had a hard time eating. It was a book that creeped me out and intrigued me. If you like psychological thrillers, you just must read this.
It was a little slow at the beginning and then I couldn't put it down. Never ever did I expect it to end the way it did. Kinda scary to think Gillian Flynn had these thoughts in his head .LOL Loved this book
I nearly gave up on this book in the first chapter but am glad that I did not as it is a brilliant book. Very cleverly written and lots of twists. Would highly recommend it. the ending is very unpredictable.
From start to finish I read this book in one day I could not put it down I was reading it while cooking dinner while eating it I just wanted to know what happen this is one of the best books I have ever read
Gone Girl deserves its great reviews because each new chapter brings another revelation.  The intricate lives both husband and wife lead are believable and fascinating.  An excellent, can't put it down book.
Over the course of this book, I didn't want it to end while simultaneously wanting to know what happened.  The characters are fascinating, and they waver between being relatable and repulsive.  A great read!
A different approach to telling a story and I liked it.  The plot kept me wondering.  I was anxious to pick up the book and read some more.  Waiting for the next book and adding this author to my watch list.
I've always believed that human kind has the capability of both incredible good and incredible evil.  I much rather read about the evil side than experience it.  This was a wonderful trip through that world.
I love this book.  I listened to it on audio and just had to get it for my SIL.  Of course, when I found out she had already read it, I gave it to a friend.  My SIL loved it, my friend loved it.  Great read.
A Beautifully crafted unusual novel. Incredibly suspenseful, very worthwhile. I don't really get the people who rated this one star and ""vulgar""? Really?
I liked the book way better than the movie.  I always read the book first and this book was quite interesting.  It took me on a journey that I wanted to get to the end of but when it was over I wanted more.
This is the best mystery book I have ever read. I absolutely loved this book! Many reviewers disliked the ending of the book, but I actually enjoyed it. This is a must read and I wish it didn't have to end!
I wanted to read this book because the movie reviews looked interesting, I absolutely loved it. It kept me interested from the start. I saw the movie after reading the book and I liked the book much better.
This was a well crafted psychological thriller. There are alot of twists and turns and moments that were unexpected. It folllows the book very well. I did hate the ending but also hated the end of the book.
Will make you think twice about everything...makes me wonder how many people have ever had to live like the characters in this book, how many have deceived, killed and gotten away with so many criminal acts
The changing character of the story keeps your interest. I did not know the story when I bought it. Kept me on the edge of my seat. Not a thriller but certainly entertaining. Only now would watch the movie.
Love the various perspectives, twists and turns!  Highly recommended even if you have already seen the movie.  You thought Amy was diabolical there just wait until you learn how she thinks!  Stunning work!!
I liked all the twists and turns.  First you are sure the husband did something to her and then you get to see how conniving she is and the fact that they will have a baby together at the end is terrifying.
It is a little slow getting started but then hooks you. It evokes real venom for main characters.The author takes you on an unpleasant ride that you want to get off but your curiosity keeps you going.
Couldn't put it down!  What a fantastic read. Kept me in suspense right until the very end. My husband loved it as well. Very well written. Definitely recommend to other readers. Can't wait to see the film.
The story peels like an onion with each layer of surprises, thrills and a lot of ""oh my dear lord"" mouth gaping eye rolling experience. Love this book and can't wait to see the movie interpretation.
I was not expecting the way this book turned out.  It was refreshing to not be able to always guess what was going to happen next. I will definitely recommend this to everyone who is in need of a good read.
I loved this book.  Reading it made me happy, confused, mad, pissed off.  I was completely engrossed.  By the end of the story, I wanted to smack everyone to stop the craziness.  Lots of drama and suspense.
Even though the characters are a figment of Flynn's imagination, I found myself getting really mad at them. They are both believable and unbelievable. I can only hope the movie is as incredible as the book!
This was a great book that pulled you in right away. It kept you guessing. Easily a page turner and hard to put down. I think the ending was 'weak' - not bad, not good, just weak but totally worth the read.
This was a great book with a great story line.  I loved how it jumped back and forth from husband to wife.  I did not love the ending, but overall a great book!  I would definitely read more by this author!
Flynn's best so far.....lots of twists and turns of events in this contemporary mystery. Took me to nearly the end to figure out what happened. Really loved the part where the wife lived with the red necks.
it got me right away!  who ever knows what lurks in the minds of others and where they come from?  gillian flynn has a way of keeping me hooked.  this is my first book by her and I am ready to read another.
This book started out a little slow, but then got crazier and wilder by the minute!  I couldn't put it down and had to finish it.  I liked it so much, decided to read ""Sharp Objects"" by same author.
This book and author came out of nowhere and truly blew me away. I loved the ending it really wasn't what I was expecting and I adore the character Amy. She's a psychotic bitch but she's kind of the s*** (:
Great story. Many twists and turns that kept me guessing throughout the book. I loved the writing style. It felt like a very unique and fresh story to me that made me eager to read the author's other books.
It is one of the best suspense books I have ever read.  It was intriguing, the plot was twisted and it kept me on the edge of my seat - had a hard time putting it down.  The end was unexpected but terrific!
This is one of the most intriguing books I've read.  You will feel many different emotions as you turn the pages and begin to wonder who the characters really are.  In a nutshell, you should read this book!
Gone Girl is a page turner. Every once in a while a book comes along that doesn't let you stop reading until you're done. That's what Gone Girl was for me. It's dark, yet funny and real. Fantastic writing!!
This book started out pretty interesting. I had a few ideas on how it was going to turn out, but then WHAM!  The middle of the book threw me for a loop! I couldn't put it down to see how it ended. Amazing.
There were no issues with the delivery or performance of this e-book. I'm reluctant to give this book 5 starts, but I have to. This book was suspenseful and exciting and then infuriating and rage-inducing.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. Amy really thought of everything. As soon as I would start to consider an opportunity for Nick it would be squashed. Wonderful twists....it left me reeling!!
Loved this book. It was very long and had many twists that were very unexpected. So tempted to find out how it ended right from the beginning, but glad I didn't. Loved the ending when I finally reached it!
Loved the book, hated the ending. I probably should have given it four stars, but it really is very well written. Not the author's fault that I am a Pollyanna that prefers a ""happier"" ending... :-)
Flynn takes the reader on a roller coaster ride of excitement and empathy for Nick and Amy.  The ending was not the typical ending but leaves the reader thinking about the character's life beyond the book.
Gripping mystery, Cliff hanger, the need to talk to your spouse often is emphasized :)  If you like pysho relationships. vengence galore and a very well written, tight piece.  Page turner, no wasted words.
Couldn't put the book down...loved the main characters (faults and all!)The storyline was engrossing, chilling and real.This is the first book I've read by Gillian Flynn, but definitely not the last.
Terrific book. Ms Flynn has mesmerized this reader. Married for forty-four years, my wife and I have had many 10 rounders. I'm glad neither of us ever went for the knockout. Loved it from beginning to end.
This book had me hooked from the beginning. Great characters and a storyline that keeps you thinking about it long after you put it down. When finished I immediately downloaded this authors previous books!
Gone Girl was fantastic.  The writer immediately draws you in to the story.  You really feel involved in the lives of the characters.  It is definitely a ""can't wait to see what happens next"" book.
I couldn't put this book down.  The back and forth chapters from the husband's story to his wife's story was an interesting technique on the author's part. As the characters unveil, it is quite surprising.
I'll be looking at more Gillian Flynn novels after this one, couldn't put it down when I started! The writing style is unique and kept my attention throughout, lots of twists and turns I didn't see coming!
There aren't many books I can't put down but this is one of them. Seriously shocking, entertaining, crazy and twisted. The description doesn't do it justice but I guess they can't have any spoilers either.
Interesting, keeps the reader guessing. Love some of the descriptors.. ""dancing monkeys"", defining ""unconditional love"", and the relationship of ""Able Andy"" to ""Able Andie"".
Gillian Flynn does a great job revealing the depth of her characters. This is my favorite of her three books, and I can't wait for more. Suspenseful, intriguing and well written. You won't be disappointed.
Great voices, false trails, frightening psch revelations. 2013's  evolved version of Fatal Attraction for married people. So many pieces of people you already know pop into your mind and choke your breath!
Gillian Flynn has written an outstanding novel with a real surprise. Just as the reader hasbegun to really dislike the main character, it turns out that he is not the bad person you thinkhe is.
This book starts off like so many others; okay.  Once you meet the ""Gone Girl"" it takes off and I could NOT put my kindle away.  I thought this novel was intense and gripping.  Very worth the read.
I thought it was just another predictable book, then the surprises just keep coming.  It is well written with plenty of unlikable characters.  I really enjoyed it but hated it at the same time.  Great book
Not great literature but a really good read, Exciting, gripping and I was always eager to get back to it.  Loved the way the author wrote a chapter on her perspective and then a chapter on his perspective.
WHOAH!  Couldn't put it down!  Once I finished reading this, I saw the movie.... movie NOT as good as the book!  I loved the author so much that I bought and read ""Dark Places"" and loved that too!
I read this before the movie came out. In fact, I haven't even seen the movie because I was so disturbed by the story line and the characters. These characters are insane but I couldn't put the book down.
I loved this book - one of my favorites that I've read this year.  The narrative was so creative and well thought out.  My husband rarely reads but I told him he had to read this book and he loved it too.
This story has more curve balls in it than a baseball game. The character's are awesome. You go from loving them to hating them and back. I never would have thought anyone could be so devious. Great book!
The ups, the downs, the twists and turns...we're all finger biting moments. I couldn't put this book down for a minute. Chapter after suspenseful chapter, it was a constant can't stop reading page turner!
Going back and fourth in time seemed fluid. I enjoyed the relaxed voice in which Flynn wrote. The unexpected occurs about the middle of the book and just keeps happening throughout the rest of this novel.
this book was slow at first and difficult to get into until about 50% of the way through. Once I got there, I couldn't out it down!! If you can make it to that point, you won't regret putting the time in!
Great book if you love crime drama with a twist!The ending wasn't what I hoped it would be and left me a little unsatisfied but maybe that's a good thing and only added to the allure of this book...
This book is so well written. All the story elements are in the right place along with reversals and twists. Gillian Flynn wrote a great book and the movie came out exceptionally well too!  Read the book!
I couldn't put it down! My opinion of the characters seemed to change with every chapter. The ending was how things are in the real world. Thank you for the best bit of fiction i have read in a long time.
A perfect novel written about human imperfections and the absurdity of love. The angles of narration are as compelling as the humor is dry. Dig in to the story and discover more about yourself by the end.
Amazing story!  I had to read the book before I saw the movie.  I read it in a day.  Now, I can't wait to see the movie.  Wonder how in the world they made a movie from this.  Great writing Gillian Flynn!
Picked it up .....couldn't put it down until I finished it!  Thoughts at the end were cause for much discussion with a great many people - both old and young!  Great book for a book club/discussion group.
This story chilled me to the bone! I don't typically read these kinds of books but too many people said I had to. It's an amazing story that drugs you through every emotion possible. A must read for all!!
I had heard so many mixed reviews on this book. Most of them were good.. So I bought it for my kindle.. I started reading  it... And let me tell you.. It was a page turner!! I did not want to put it down.
A book you cannot put down. The mind of this author to male this womwan do the unthinkable. It scraes me to think people are out there with this kind of mind. Hated the ending. She should of been put down
This book had me on the edge of my seat the entire time! The characters are so well constructed! You don't know whether you love or hate them and that was the ultimate edge for me! I love a good twist...
Saw the movie first, and it was good, but the book is much better!  The ending goes into much more detail and reasoning as to why Nick makes the decision he made and there is more detail about the diary.
Starts a little slow, but stick with it. A glimpse into the mind of one sick woman!!! Frightening that there are women out there like this, probably not to this extreme, but still manipulative and cruel.
Depending on how fast you read you should reserve a day,or a weekend to start this book and not put it down until you read the last word. For if you stop reading you will miss how truly diabolical it is.
I literally could not stop reading this book! It's a good thing it's a vacation week so I can sleep tomorrow because I just read from 7pm until 3:30 am to find out how it ends! Crazy, mind twisting good!
This novel is a little slow in the beginning but once it takes off it takes the reader on a thrilling ride full of twist, turns and psychological mind games. This is one I could not put down. Great read!
SAW THE MOVIE AND HAD TO READ THE BOOK. THE MOVIE WAS EXCELLENT, EVEN BETTER THAN THIS BOOK; BUT THE BOOK CLARIFIED SOME OF THE QUESTIONS NOT REVEALED IN THE MOVIE. IF YOU DO ONE OF TWO? CHOSE THE MOVIE!
Really enjoyed this book...kept me guessing as to who was worst.  Would like to have seen a more detailed ending or continuation of the story.  A sequel perhaps?  At at any rate I would highly recommend.
This is the first book I've awarded five stars since, I can't remember. The story was intriguing and pulled you in from the start.  Gillian did a great job with the winding road with the sharp turn offs.
I loved this book! It was a wild ride for the reader full of twists and turns. You won't want to take your hands off the safety bar of this emotional roller coaster. Be prepared to be turned upside down.
This author is truly talented.  The story had many twists and turns I couldn't put it down.  I think I found my new favorite author.  This book was just recently made into a movie I can't wait to see it!
I've read many books over my lifetime. Few now surprise me. Most are pretty predictable. This book surprised me so much. I haven't read a book this well written in a very long time. Enjoyed it immensely!
I constantly rave about this book to my fellow book reader friends.  It's been months since I've read this book but I am still thinking about it.  I love me a good mystery book and this was no exception.
A real page turner from the very beginning.  I was hooked and had a hard time putting it down because I always wanted to know what was going to happen next!  a surprise ending.  Not what I was expecting.
It's been a long time since I've read a book that I couldn't put down! I loved the way it was written, but I have to say I wasn't crazy about the ending.  I would highly recommend it. Loved it, loved it.
Ever start reading  book that you like so much that you try to slow down reading it because you don't want it to be over?  That's how I feel about Gone Girl!  It earned its place on the best seller list.
I really enjoyed the twists and turns - I felt pulled into the story and felt empathy for both main characters.  I wanted to keep reading when the last page was turned.... could there please be a sequel?
This book is very well wrote with a great twist at the end. I like how the author switches the characters point of view with every chapter. Although this book is great, only mature adults should read it.
This book made me think.  It seemed so predictable as it started out, but then the plot took big swerves one way and then the other.  I read it fast, and thought it was an interesting experience book.  .
Just finished Gone Girl and I absolutely loved it! My only complaint would be the ending. It definitely could've been better, but other than that the book was fantastic. Creative! Surprising! Refreshing!
I'm normally not a fan of this genre, but this book was wildly entertaining.  Bravo!  The character development and pacing were wonderful and I thought the multi-perspective back-and-forth was brilliant.
Loved it!  I'm excited to read the next book...very intriguing!  I read it a while ago but I loved the 'back and forth' events leading to the climax!
Of course the plot angered me, and I appreciate that. I love the fact certain characters got ""Steinbecked"" in this book because real life is chock full of unhappy endings, and that's just the way it is.
I was hooked immediately and could not put this book down.  When a movie based on a book comes out, I like to read the book first before seeing the movie.  I'm not even sure I want to see the movie now!
So addicting and suspenseful. It was almost frustrating at some point, not knowing what was really going on (I hadn't seen the movie) but it was such a good book. I wasn't crazy about the ending though.
Well written, surprising, and an insightful read about marriage, even non-sociopathic marriage. It's a bit ""regular"" for the first half, but then it becomes anything but a regular and predictable story.
Kept me on the edge of my seat. Made me alternately hate both main characters, until I could finally figure out some things... The end frustrated me. I believe in justice.  Maybe there will be a sequel.
It was a good read, but without telling what the clue is...there was one pretty early on that to me, was a dead giveaway of the frame-up.  Still would never have guessed how it turned out!  A wild ride!
Fun he said/she said story with big stakes.  Very funny in parts, very disturbing in others.  Great beach reading, and a roller coaster Mars/Venus adventure that makes you think.  Overall very fun ride.
This book was dark and light twisted together, and the outcome was darker than imagined. It had me questioning, second guessing, and triple guessing my theories. Great read, surprises all along the way.
I really enjoyed reading this book. It started a bit slow, but midway things started to pick up. I wanted to keep reading just to see what the next twist would be. I would really recommend it or others!
I couldn't put it down.  And when I was done I couldn't stop thinking about it.  A good study of human psychology.  I was surprised by the ending,  but the ending made sense in a disturbing sort of way.
Read this a second time before I go see the movie. Just as good a second time. You can't make up your mind who you dislike the most. Awful personalities and I would say they probably deserve each other.
Gone girl was an great read. There are many twists to the story, so you really need to pay attention. The book seems to be somewhat on the dark side of marriage, but it kept me interested until the end.
I would recommend this book to anyone. Especially If you are the type of person who likes the ""who done it""  mystery then this book is for you. WOW!!!  What a great story, I could not put the book down.
If you're looking for a love story, this is not your book.  If you're looking for a well written book that is amazingly twisted and will leave you with your mouth hanging open, this is the book for you.
I loved this book.  The twists and turns and the characters were riveting.  A great summer read. I got my husband to read it and he couldn't put it down.  Now my husband is making our teens read it too.
This is one of the best books ever. The characters are well developed, however the best thing is the plot. It has more twists and turns than a corkscrew. Guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat.
A very good read to get you out of your world and into a completely pshyco one! I loved not knowing what was coming - it was a real thrill to go one way then the next then back again. Really enjoyed it.
The novel was riveting and had a plot that I was not expecting. I couldn't put the book down, and I ended up finishing it in one day! Gone Girl is probably the best book I've read in the past few years.
My daughter read this book and really loved it and now I hear there is a movie that is being made based on this book.  My daughter loves Gillian Flynn's books.  I haven't read it yet but intend to soon.
Very descriptive. It was suspenseful . I loved the characters, each one was well defined. It kept me guessing until the very end, who committed the murders. A surprising ending . Very enjoyable reading.
This is one of the best books I have ever read!! The entire book was a page turner and kep me on the edge of my seat. I loved this book!! I think she should write the sequel..What a talented writer, WOW
I read this book in a matter of days. It did not disappoint, many twists and turns along the way, and the story always keeps you guessing.. I plan on reading more books by this author after reading this
You will not be able to put this book down. Wonderfully written and suspenseful. It shows such different points of view of the main characters and leaves you wondering where the truth lies. A must read!
This was a crazy suspense that I found hard to put down due to the disturbed characters! It left you wondering ""what the heck"" at every chapter! Different, interesting & I will read more by this author.
I love Gillian Flynn's novels.  This story is so unpredictable... I loved it.  It kept my attention until the very last page.  Highly recommend this novel.  GREAT book.  Hard to put down once you start.
Great suspense novel and the ending surely threw me for a curve.  There were points when I was VERY frustrated with the characters and the behaviors they exhibited but it was a book I couldn't put down!
This book really kept my attention with all of its twists and turns. I loved the fun and humorous style of the writing as well. Even the ending was surprising but a bit of a let down. I want the sequel!
I read this book in 4 days which is pretty fast for me. I had a hard time putting this one down! If you are someone who enjoys a book full of suspense and keeps you guessing this is a must read for you!
This book was outstanding. It kept my mind racing trying to figure out who was good or bad. Turns out it was a bizarre mx of human dysfunction that drove these characters.  I highly recommend this book.
Couldn't put it down, It's one of the best books I've read this year.  It's not the type of book I usually read, I thought at first it was a detective novel, not at all....read it, and see for yourself.
I haven't finished the book yet but I can't wait to see the conclusion.  I won't spoil the story for you.  It is not a who done it but there is a mystery involved.  One of the best reads in a long timr.
Very fascinating.  Particularly in the beginning the dialogue was very thought provoking. But to quote one of my male friends, ""This book made me want to take a shower after finishing it.""  He's right.
One of the best reads of recent memory.  She is a unique story teller.  Adds the little surprises and intrigues. I've been looking for her other books in our local library.  I will certainly read them.
Any book that has the ability to make me constantly think about what is going to happen next while performing normal task of life ( taking care of kids, cleaning, work) will always get 5 stars from me.
I love the author's style of writing -- smart, succinct yet descriptive without dumbing it down for the reader.  Not sure about the ending but I do get the reasoning.  Read it before you see the movie!
I'm done with the book & now it's gone...back to the digital library.  Awesome book. Awesome movie. One of the best mystery/thriller novels I've read in a long time. I wished the book had gone on & on.
It was a great book and kept me interested; I had a tough time putting it down. But, I hated the ending.  It seemed like the author just gave up and couldn't think of a good ending so she just stopped.
My eyes are popping in amazement over this novel.  I gave it the 5 star rating because I HAD to read it ,HAD to !! The vocabulary was intriguing and caused me to look up definitions of words new to me.
What a book of twists and turns!  It was a chess game of one lie twisted against another.  Enjoyed the back and forth of ""he said"", ""she said"".  The ending was a final ""gotcha"".
This book is just plain crazy! So many twists and turns. OMG. I truly didn't know what was real at times. Definitely  kept me up at night turning pages, reading on and on. It is brilliantly disturbing!
I enjoyed the story line very much. There is a section of the book that once you reach it , it is extremely difficult to put the book down. I read it in 3 evenings!! This one is definitely a good read!
Excellent if you love the crime genre. This book kept me on the edge of my seat. It's been quite a long time since reading has caused me to fully submerse myself into the story line like this book did.
This book capture the true essence of relationship through its twist and turns. some don't like the ending, but hey real is not always all good.I enjoyed the suspense, the writer is genius!
Gillian Flynn gets inside both the male and female mind - using a wonderful back and forth style that keeps you on your toes and always wondering where she will take you next.  A hard book to put down.
This book is awesome.  Gillian Flynn is an incredible author.  Couldn't book the book down.  Lots of twists and turns I wasn't expecting.  Bought her other books, just because I liked this one so much!
Gone Girl is an articulately-written roller coaster ride! Ups and downs, speed and quick turns that will take your breath away. It's a great beach read that will make you think a bit, but not too much.
I really enjoyed reading this book and would look forward to the next time I could hop in bed and get back to reading some more.  I don't want to say anymore because I don't want to ruin any surprises!
This is one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  I wasn't sure if I would like this book because I haven't had much luck with the books that have been recommended to me lately but I did!
I purchased the Kindle version and enjoyed this book tremendously on my vacation. There are surprising twists and turns that keep you on the edge of your seat wondering which characters to be loyal to.
You could never guess the next twist in the book. Couldn't put this book down. I loved how crazy and creative the characters were. Compelling story where you never know which character to hate or love.
I actually don't agree that the ending was a disappointment.  I believe it was perfect.  Out of the thousands of books I have read, this is a rare gem I will remember details about.  I loved the story.
Gillian Flynn is such an awesome author.  I love the darkness in her books. There were so many twists and turns and nothing was really that predictable. As the reader I kept being pleasantly surprised.
This is a real cliff hanger....I can't figure out what the ending will be!  Hope to finish it tonight.  It's a great read and has a plot line like I've never seen before and I read a lot of books!!!!!!
Kudos to the author.  I so like her work - the unusual style, the intelligent plot, and the many twists - that I immediately bought her past 2 books.  Can't wait to start reading and be thrilled again.
I was surprised by how much I loved this book. I typically don't read mysteries, if that's what you would call this, but it is so well written. The real definition of page turner.  Highly recommend it.
The story is told in a fascinating way.  The characters are developed so thoroughly it's as though we know them.  And the twist in the story, while surprising, is totally believable and understandable.
This book was hysterical. I literally couldn't stop reading it. Definitely kept me on my toes. The book is wayyyy better than the movie. Def recommend to someone who loves suspense and a little humor.
A story with many twists and turns.  If I could I wouldn't have put it down.  While not reading it, I couldn't help but think about the story line and the characters - wondering what will happen next!
Excellent story that was full of surprises and different twists.  Everything about the book was great until the absolute end.  The last part just didn't mesh well and left me with a disgusted feeling.
I haven't seen the movie yet and after reading the book, I'm anxious to see it.  The book really kept my interest and I read it in two days!  Every chapter led into another exciting turn in the story.
After I saw tree movie I didn't t think the book could get any better but I was wrong.  Book happened to be better.  To be able to hear what they are thinking made you realize how sick Amy really was.
Loved the book. Twists and turns lots of suspense. Don't want to give away the ending. The book was way better than the movie. Glad I read the book first although Amy in the movie was very convincing.
I never, and I mean never, in 43 years of life, have wanted to see a movie based on a novel. It always seems less than... I want to see this movie NOW!!! Such a great book!!! Couldn't stop reading it!
Loved this book so much, even then contriversal ending that I did not see coming. I loved this book so much that I went out and bought the other Gillian Flynn books. Can't wait for her next new novel!
I'm still undecided about the ending.  Immediately after I finished it I thought I hated the ending (!!!), but now that I've had some time to reflect I'm warming up to it.  It was a great book though.
This is an incredibly consuming story. Twists and turns all around...You never know who to root for. I can't believe it's over now. I truly became invested and that is what I look for most in a story.
Gone Girl  It was a fantastic, creative novel full of twists and turns, always keeping you wanting more.  Also saw the movie which I would recommend as, for once, they replicated the book.
This book was so much fun to read! It had a major plot twist, as well as, confusion on who your protagonist and antagonist should be.  It messes with your mind and feelings throughout the whole thing.
What starts out to be a fairy tale of perfect love turns out to be a convoluted tale of inside out love that has deteriorated to a duel of personalities that are both right and wrong for each of them.
I am definitely glad that I read the book before seeing the movie. And I think that the book is much better than the movie.In fact I just recommend reading the book and skipping the movie.
Lot of criticism for the ending in reviews. Yes, it is twisted but I thought it was perfect for such a wickedly twisted book. Love these kind of books that leave you saying,""What the What!!?!
I was hesitant to read this one, so glad I did!  All of Gillian Flynn's books are incredible and this one does not disappoint!  Very messed up, full of surprises and impossible to put down.  Loved it!
Gone girl is one of the best books I've read this year.  The author keeps you wondering what is going to happen next.  I recommend this book to everyone and bought the kindle edition for my daughters.
This book is one that after the first few chapters I could not put down! The story quickly evolves into a complex mystery with a range of viewpoints told. One of the best books I have read in a while!
When I first started to read this book I thought ""what is all the fuss about"" THEN a few pages later I understood! Not a great ending but I can smell a sequel. I would definitely recommend it.
I could not stop reading this book!  I would stay up until early hours in the morning reading!  I read it faster than any other book I have ever read. The Enid really left you wondering what happened.
from the very beginning, my interest was peaked.  I loved and hated the characters intermittently.  I found them both guilty of so much, and then the author would pull me on their side.  Well written.
It is sometimes hard for me to get involved in a book and read to the end. This one I could not stop. I got sick on Xmas and stayed and read through the day after and finished it. OMG! Lots of twists.
I read this book in two days!  I could not get my nose out of it and couldn't wait to turn the page..EVERYTIME! I highly suggest you get this book.
This is a really good book. It is different and gets your attention from the first page.  Flynn is an amazing writer. I ended up reading all of her novels and finished them quickly. Highly recommend.
I had a hard time putting this book down.  The ending tied up everything that was left hanging but it was such a good book that I wanted more!  I highly recommend this book as it was like none other.
My daughter-in-law said she hated this book, I now understand why.  The writing is great, I was completely engrossed in the characters.  I did not expect it to end the way it did.  Wow! What a story.
Woe! What a twisted plot!  Surprises again and again. Especially the end!  Happy Reading!  I bought the kindle version of Gilllian Flynn's Dark Places.  So excited to begin reading it on my vacation.
I bought this book because it was recommended by a friend. The unexpected mystery that unfolds made the book difficult to put down. I am sure there will be a sequel and I will definitely read it too.
What an amazing book. This is the first time me feeling like I want to re-read  a thriller book. I haven't watched the movie yet .  But I hope the producer nailed the movies. Otherwise I will be sad.
Really enjoyed this book. I think I was bad company for 2 days as I couldn't put it down! Really looking forward to seeing it on the big screen now, but can't imagine they could do it justice really!
this one had me twisting and turning every which way--and the ending was even more so.  Is this another Gone Girl 2 opening?  Or so I make up my own chapter next?  It will keep you going, I tell you!
A story that always keeps you guessing, you may think you've figured it out and then it will take an unexpected crazy turn and leave you wanting to read more. Addictive and awesome! I love this book!
This is the kind of writer I like to read.  Clean writer.  Fast read.  I hoped to get it before the movie came out and I saw it, but the reverse is happening.  Seeing the differences between the two.
This book had insane twists and turns. There were many times that I would put the book down and walk away in disbelief yet curious. I am not sure that I liked the ending but can't wait for the movie.
I absolutely enjoyed this book.  Not only is the writing clever and thought-provoking, the storyline and accuracy of the legal system and criminal mind make this one of the best books I've ever read.
So well written with creative prose, plot and structure; strong character development and a page turner.  The ending is realistic, not necessarily fulfilling.  Even so, I thought it was a great read!
Twists and turns. Surprises galore....and all from a writer who is superb to read. The writer's love of words and adept use of them is apparent on every page. Truly a book you don't want to put down.
I have to admit, I'm not much of a reader and it takes a lot for me to commit to a book and read it in its entirety.  Gone Girl was an intriguing and exciting read! If you haven't read it, do so now!
I enjoyed this book and the way it was told. The characters have such depth. I went on to read Gillian Flynn's Dark places following this one, I liked the style of writing and the set up of the plot.
I was so engrossed thinking about the ending of this book and the ... twist ... that I stopped at a green light driving to work!  Can't say anything else without giving it away! Great suspense novel.
The book moves along with great twists and turns and keeps you interested all the way to the end. The end leaves a little to be desired and there are moments when credulity is required but who cares?
As an English teacher, books don't often surprise me.  I love it when they do!  This did!  Yay!  Stick with it past the halfway point, because what I thought was happening was not exactly accurate...
It starts off real slow, in fact it was the first book I could fall asleep with in 10 minutes but about 1/2 way it got better and at the end I was totally surprized.  I definetly would recommend it.
There's one thing you should know about this book: even when you think it's over, it's not... even when you think nothing else can happen, it does... I am in a love/hate relationship with this book.
A real (Kindle) page-turner! Every chapter has it unexpected twist and turns and one feels alternatively sympathetic to both characters as the story progresses. Did not anticipate the final outcome.
Only start reading this book if you have time to read it all. I was obsessed with what was going to happen next. It even got to my Husband, which rarely happens. Truly suspenseful and unpredictable.
The plot is the best part of this book. Full of twists and turns. You never know what to expect from the characters, but I guess that what's so good about it.Read it! Now! You won't regret it!
Refrained from reading for some time until a friend recommended.  What the hell took me so long?  Great book and excellent writing style.  The name ""Amazing Amy"" will resonate for some time.
this book was special. life is a giving on both sides.  you have to be careful what you want to be the future of our commitment together.  know your self and your mate before you commit to marriage.
I'm going to pass on the upcoming movie as it always gets watered down in the translation.  This book is suspenseful. Make it your summer read! (or your winter read...)  Can't wait to read it again.
I was enthralled in this novel from beginning to end. There are surprises and twists that caught me off guard, but made for an excellent read. This is the best mystery that I've read in a long time.
This is the first book that I have read by this author.  It moved along easily and had many twists that were well hidden.  I enjoyed this book and will look forward to reading more from this author.
I know it's a cliché, but I couldn't put it down!  Even in the car (luckily I was a passenger on a road trip.)  Hooks you in right away and has great plot twists and surprises.  Highly recommend it!
I bought this book for book club and was going to read it on a trip we were taking. I finished it in 2-3 days and had to find a different book to take on our trip! This book will not disappoint you!
Stealing from the book, but so appropriate. Amy is the best villain I have come across in a very long time. Gillian has written the best book I have read in a very long time. I couldn't put it down.
This was a page-turner from the get-go. I tend to lose interest easily if a book doesn't really wow me from the start. This one is definitely satisfying all the way through and was hard to put down.
I love books that keep me guessing...this one definitely did. Well written but a fast read because you feel like you are just listening in on conversations.  I would love to see a follow up book....
Wow. This book is incredible. Full of twists and turns. You'll never see it coming.You really form a relationship with these characters and root for your favorites.Must read.
Thoroughly gripping novel. Leaves you guessing at so many turns. This book is a real page turner, well written, thought provoking. Any one of us could potentially find ourselves in such a situation.
I loved this book. It was constantly playing with your mind and making you wonder who was responsible. I must say I was disappointed with the ending, but I would still highly recommend it to anyone.
This is one of the few books where I can say that I did not see the plot twist coming. I think I scared some people in Panera when I read the section where the truth comes out, and man was I duped!
Loved this book.  Enjoyed how it went back and forth between the husband and wife.  Was a bit surprised about the ending but after thinking about it for a few days decided that was the best ending.
I really loved this book and the movie - book is more complete and therefore better than the movie.  Unlike some reviewers, I especially liked the ending - wasn't really an ending - just like life!
I did not expect any of that! The ending... Unbelievable. This was a great book! I don't have any intelligent banter to offer other than saying the characters are really well developed and complex!
I love the story, the characters,the way it was presented. I hated and then loved Nick, I loved and then hated Amy. It is the kind of book that make you think of a very.very talented author behind.
Took me several starts to get into this book, but once I did I couldn't put it down.  I haven't seen the movie, but I think the book would not be as good if you already know the twist in the story.
This book makes you question who you are alone, who you are with someone, and if you really are who you think you are. Very unsettling but a fantastic read. Certainly reading Gillian's other works.
Experienced the Whispersync for the first time and loved it. Great audio book during my commute a great read before bed. A fantastic read, actually unpredictable and a true psychological mind-f***.
WOW! I feel like I lived with the characters in this story. My dad was this crazy so this was so believable to me. I heard the movie isn't as good and is very disgusting but the book is a good read
Couldn't put the story to rest until it ended.  Initially, the first third of the book I thought was going to turn out to be a cliché.... however, the storyline twisted into a surprising finale....
Excellent book, different writing style- but really well done. Movie was also an excellent adaption of the book as author was alsosthe script writer. Will definitely read more of this authors work.
This is an amazing novel! I couldn't put it down! Flynn keeps you interested with every turn of the page. You never know where the story is gonna head, as she keeps you guessing until the very end!
I actually saw the movie first.  I know.  Big mistake.  But the book is different.  The story has more twists and turns than the movie.  I really like this book and I'm glad my wife made me buy it.
Interestingly written novel.  Even though I was able to figure most of it out during the 1st third of the book, the ending still took me by surprise.  Very well written and a great character study.
This was a great book! It was interesting and kept me guessing the whole way through. I wasn't able to predict any of the plot twists and couldn't put the book down. I would love to see a sequel...
This was a really great book. I can't wait to go see the movie. I do not know if it's possible to make the movie as good as this book. After about half way I just could not put the book down at all
This book kept me on the edge the whole time. It was actually a little exhausting, I didn't know who I was supposed to root for until the end. I'll definitely recommend to others, it's a must read!
Always always read the book before the movie. This last week of suspense and cool and blown mind and oh my god is so so so much better than two hrs tonight and thinking about it for the hour after.
My sympathies kept changing throughout this story.  Conflicted allegiance to the characters.  I  could not stop reading until the end. The end left me unsettled and uttering, ""what a ride!
I haven't read a book in a long time with so many twists and surprises. I was shocked, angry, happy, frustrated then angry again. All I can say is you have to read t to understand.Great Book!
Gillian Flynn has done a terrific job of stringing the reader along and keeping the reader just a little bit off balance with her back-and-forth narrative. I could not put this book down! Loved it!
An excellent thriller, engaging and well written from beginning to end, with a thought provoking story line and intriguing lead characters. Looking forward to seeing what the screenplay will offer!
Excellent book! One of those fast reads. A well written, suspense mystery.. Just when you think you have figured it out, along comes another turn.. Could not put it down.. Can't wait for the movie!
Lots of twists and turns. I didn't like the female character at the beginning of the book and almost abandoned it, but am really glad I didn't. Got to the point that I didn't want the story to end.
It held my interest to the end. I would have chosen to end it differently however. She was a very clever woman who put a lot of effort in getting back at her husband for his perceived wrong doings.
This book was hard to put down as I just wanted to know what everyone was going to do next.  The narrative is written in journals and in their minds more often than dialogue.  A definite good read!
Wow, what a great read, it started a little slow but when it got going I could not put it down. So different to anything else I have read and I have been raving about it to anyone that will listen.
I absolutely loved this book. There were many unexpected twists that were expertly woven to keep me reading and reading. It was a really good story about a marriage gone very wrong. I recommend it.
It's a great book but be prepared to have your psyche tossed and turned, page by page.  I don't think of myself as a masochist but I enjoyed every twist of the author's plot.  I think you will too.
Friends had told me to read this novel and I delayed in ordering it, thinking for whatever strange reason I might not enjoy it.  This is a can't put it down book.  Amazing read.  Very entertaining!
One of the best novel's I have read in a long time.  This one will keep you guessing the whole time.  Not only did I enjoy it but I've given to at least 4 friends and family and they LOVED it also.
I was blown away by this book.  The convoluted plot twists, the incredibly well-developed characters, and the great writing made this a book I almost couldn't put down, and hated to see the end of.
It's hard to review this book w/o giving away spoilers so let me stick to some background basics.  Gillian Flynn's first book Sharp Objects was one of the best books I've read in a long time. Steeped in Southern gothic, creepy, and suspenseful w/a seriously surprise ending.  Dark Objects was in a similar vein but came nowhere close to the first book.  Her third book Gone Girl is back in form with the same mind-twisting plot and wonderful character rendition as Sharp Objects.  As other reviewers have commented, Nick the main character is not that likable. But that's essential to the book actually.  And Amy is just an interesting interesting character.  Nick and Amy are a Manhattan 30-something couple who move back to Nick's hometown in Missouri after losing their jobs and to take care of Nick's ailing mother.  Two years later, Nick and Amy are happily married, or aren't they? This puzzle comprises the first half of the book.  Amy goes missing and the marriage is slowly revealed through alternating perspectives. Pick up this book and prepare to lose at least 2 days of your life.  It was impossible to put down.
I read the book then watched the movie.  The book is so much better.  I couldn't put it down, I was so into it.  The movie made the characters come to life but the book goes into much more detail.
Such a great story; ominously, and beautifully written. Much more in depth than the movie. Really gets the reader into the characters' minds, which is the most important part of to the story line.
Great story, never a dull moment. So glad I read it before seeing the movie as the movie left so much out. The acting in the movie was perfect but the book takes you further into their sick world.
Brilliantly written.  I found it riveting.  The insight into the dating world was interesting, as well as the dynamics between the two main characters.  A must read for any one looking for a mate.
I was constantly Back-and-forth on hating and loving the different characters. What a fun read, so many twists. If you're ever feeling crazy,  read this book and you will see what crazy really is!
Not being a quick reader can drag a bit. This book is so captivating I couldn't put it down. The twists and curves are something no seatbelt can protect you from. Amazingly written and most witty.
This is one of those books that you don't want to start at night!  You will be up all night, reading!  It grabs you from the start and you just can't wait to find out what lies ahead!!  Loved it!!
The book is better than the movie. But isn't that always the case?! I highly recommend this book to anyone who loves a ""who dun it"" type of mystery. The twists will leave your jaw hanging.
This was a quick read for me, with many twists and turns.  I don't want to see the movie...it will ruin the book.  Amy is CRAZY, but Nick must be too.  I might have to read this again next year 😀
Great book, atrocious ending. Very anti-climactic but I would read it again all the same. The writing is too good - it makes the book hard to put down. Warning: your emotions WILL get played with.
Awesome book!  I enjoyed this book right from the start and it only got better as it went on.  A bit shocked at the end but a great read anyway.  I am excited to read other books by Gillian Flynn.
Great read.  So well written.  The character development was excellent.  I did not want to put it down but I also did not want to finish it. Hesitant to see the movie because the book was so good.
It has a slow start but once it picks up it takes so many twists and turns that you can't put it down! I found the ending a little frustrating but perhaps that was the intent......possible sequel?
Extremely well-written! Loved it! I finished it and went to see the movie so now I want to read it again. I hardly ever read books twice but this one deserves the attention. I highly recommend it.
This is a wonderfully entertaining book.  Very clever.  Well written.....a he said, she did, or did she adventure.  This is the best of the three from Gillian Flynn.  Cannot wait to see the movie!
I enjoyed the writer's format in this book. Bouncing back and forth between the two main characters peeked my curiosity in what the next entry would be. And, of course, plot twists are a given A+!
Great book with a twisted main character! Really enjoyed it and am looking forward to seeing the movie this fall (I'm sure it will entertain, but no doubt it will not be as riveting as the book!).
semi predictable but still Amazing! very well written!! There were things I didn't expect which was great. I don't want to reveal much and ruin twists and turns for another reader but read this!!!
This book definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat.  The characters are interesting and well developed; however, I hope they are unrealistic, or this is a very sad world.  A great beach book.
A terrific summer read after you have slogged through some massive piece if non fiction. You want a break and read something that challenges you and keeps you reading-- this is a very good choice.
WHAT A TERRIFIC NOVEL.  THE TWISTS AND TURNS WERE SO AMAZING I COULD NOT BELIEVE WHAT I WAS READING, YET IT ALL WAS MADE PLAUSIBLE BY MS. FLYNN'S WRITING.  TO SAY ANYMORE WOULD GIVE TOO MUCH AWAY.
Loved how it doesn't follow a normal pattern for mystery or crime novels.  I didn't predict anything that happened.  Also, enjoyed the two perspectives of husband and wife writing.  A page turner.
Fantastic read.  Could not put it.down.  A great delivery of a deep and complex story.  Wish there were more to read because I. Kept thinking there would be more.to.come when it ended so.abruptly.
A book that's hard to put down. Once I started reading I became addicted to the twist and turns the novel takes you through. I've already recommend this to many friends and will continue to do so.
This is a great book.  Believe all of the reviews you've read. I hated to put it down.  This is great writing not anything like the mediocre writing you see in some of the ""popular"" books.
I found this book a compelling read. It starts a little slow but later on you realize the slow start is integral to the story. Things moved quicker as you get into it. The resolution surprised me.
Although a story of the dark side of human nature, the tale was gripping, seductive and wonderfully told.  Tightly written, it was a hard book to put down when having to deal with everyday chores.
great deal at christmas.. dirty santa gift here i come! read the reviews and the synopsis seems to be very interesting i will wait till the person who got it gets done and let you know how it is!!
Shared with all the women in my family. Everyone loved it. Grabs you from page one and keeps you guessing through the very last sentence on the final page. Bought for Kindle and will never delete.
I absolutely loved this book.  Its soooo much different than anything else I've read before.  It was a little slow to begin with but then it sucks you in and you can't stop reading it!  Mind=blown
It was a good read, filled with suspense and twists. It's one of those books that you want to read as fast as possible to know what happens at the end but also read slowly to make the story last.
Absolutely loved the way the author wrote this book. I'll admit it was a little slow starting but there is a reason for that which totally makes sense when you finish the book. Highly recommend!!
It was a little slow at the beginning, but when it picked up and took off, I nearly got a whiplash and then I couldn't put it down. I'm going to read more by Gillian Flynn, you can count on that!
So brilliantly written. Voice comes through loud and clear for Nick and for Amy.Just perfect.I'm not usually a suspense/crime type reader but Gone Girl left me speechless.Bravo.
Someone told me they wished they had read the book before seeing the movie. So I did.  Loved not only the suspense, but also the format of telling the story.Will now go see Ben!
Gone Girl is an unrelenting thrill ride that will not disappoint. I promise it will not turn out like you think it will. It is mind blowing!!!Read this book and hold on for dear life.
One of the best I've read in a while. As told in many reviews, Gone Girl is filled with many twists and turns before the ending.  I wasn't thrilled with the ending; I like closure and resolution.
The dynamic between Amy and Nick begins innocently enough,but as the story develops their relationship cores it's way into your bones as one of the most haunting yet. Couldn't put this book down.
This book is well written. It has suspense and amazing twists along the way.  I read it in record time because I couldn't put it down.  I'm still thinking about this novel weeks after reading it.
A real read.  Very well-written.  The style keeps you going, chapters are short, you don't want to stop reading!Can't wait to see the movie -- but I hear they changed the ending . . .
Flynn keeps the reader guessing at every turn.  Just when you think you've got the whole thing figured out, the story does a complete 180 and shocks the heck out of you over and over.  Brilliant.
I loved this book. It was addicting. It was driven. It drove me crazy. It made me want more. If you love murder mysteries you should read Gone Girl. It has a crazy twist that will blow your mind!
Seriously could not put this book down.  Loved the twists and turns, though [SPOILER ALERT] I wasn't thrilled with the way it ended!!! So many questions left unanswered!  Totally worth it though.
Loved the characters and the story.  Definitely recommend this one for anyone wanting a fun but intense read.  Great human commentary and goes into the dark side of personalities & relationships.
I absolutley loved this book. The way it was written as journal entries up to the present was just different and exciting. around the middle when the twist really hit I just couldn't put it down.
This psychological study of a sociopath and her husband is an interesting read. It is also an interesting study in marriage, and human relationships as well. This book certainly held my interest!
This was very well written. I did not want to put this book down and think I read it within a day or two. Just when you think you have the story figured out, it's the complete opposite. Loved it!
First book I have read by this author and i will definitely watch for other books by her.  Every page was entertaining and suspenseful.  The ending left me in a bit of a shock for about two days!
Just when you thought you knew where this story was going BAMB it changes course!  Kept my interest and I couldn't put it down.  I've already recommended it to others and they've enjoyed it too!
My mind is still reeling. This story is perfect from start to finish. If you are looking for something to stimulate your mind and leave you the slightest bit paranoid, this is the story for you.
I LOVED this book - couldn't put it down! Twists & turns galore, and kept me guessing 'til the very end. Would DEFINITELY recommend it to anyone who loves a good, fast-paced ""escape""! 😁
Bought this book so I could read before seeing the movie. Haven't made it to the movie yet but sure did enjoy the book. I found myself reading well into the night because I couldn't put it down.
A book this length usually takes me a while to read but I read it in about a week.It was unbelievable and unpredictable I loved it!! Will definitely be reading more books from this author!
Just finished reading this book again. I enjoyed it more the second time. Would like to see a sequel. The author has an unique imagination and I would like to see where she would take the story.
The most riveting book I've read in years. I usually have 4-5 books going at once. Not this time. The clever plot development sucked me in and would not let go until the perfect, twisted ending.
Loved this page turner! I enjoyed the depth of the characters' personalities.  I never got bored in any of the character development or plot development. I will read another book by this author!
Bought this item as a recommendation from friend for my Kindle. I want to see movie, which she said was great but that I also had to read book. Have yet to read, but looking forward to doing so.
OMG!!!!!!! Better than I expected!!!!! Started out slow but kept reading because I wanted to find out what happened to Amy! About half way through I couldn't put it down!!! Must.see.the.movie!!!
The most exciting book I have read in a while! It's one of those books you can not put down. I haven't seen the movie yet so I'm not sure how it compares but I highly recommend reading the book.
Can't wait to see if the characters in my head are like in the movie. This was a very well written book that isn't only ""chic lit"". It's a thriller and keeps you in suspense. Five stars!
You can read the synopsis online, so I'm not going to bore you. What I will tell you is that this book is mesmerizing with its twists and turns. It's a psychological thriller of the first order!
I would recommend this book with such amazing twists!! I loved the main character and the antagonist.. In addition, the book is well written and literarily mature. Have fun and enjoy reading it!
What kind of ending was that??!! I had every possible scenario running through my head including Amy dying during childbirth and the baby having her psycho genes! Not liking the ending at all!!!
I read this sometime ago and then my book club read it later, so I had to re-read.  I enjoyed it each time.  It definitely kept me engaged and gave our group a lot to think about and to discuss.
This book is simply fantastic. Gillian Flynn keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout the entire novel. I loved the suspense of not knowing what would happen next throughout the whole book!
I really liked this book, but after the first chapter, realized I had read it before.  Re read it anyway, as it had been awhile and I couldn't remember the details.  Good psychological thriller.
The plot captivated me but equally interesting was the characterization.  The realism of the couple's differing perspectives of what marriage is supposed to be added another layer of complexity.
As far as psychological thrillers, this was top-notch. Insightful into today's twenty-something marriages/relationships, with a deft use of humor, tight characterization, and masterful plotting.
This is a great novel.  It is completely different then any other book I have read.  It had a great story, although the beginning is a bit slow, it has to set the stage for character development
Book kept me very interested.  I finished it in less than a week.  Lots of twists and I liked hearing first person account from the two main characters.  I have recommended this book to friends.
Great reading, one of those books that keeps you up reading at night. Interesting character study where each chapter goes back and forth between each characters forming their side of the story.
Gone Girl"" certainly lives up to all of the accolades that it has received. A twisting, turning drama that keeps the reader guessing to the very end, and the story ends just the way it should.
So glad I finally decided to give this book a read, the understanding of the human psyche by Gillian is really outstanding. It is twisty and disturbing and shocking and absolutely entertaining.
I could not put this down. I was afraid the kindle would need charging but it held out until the bitter end. What an engrossing book. And...it was far different from her other book that I read.
I don't like reading books where it switches from person to person accounts. I kept reading because it was intriguing on how it would turn out. Never figuring the ending. But then left hanging.
I loved the book!  Loved the show!  I didn't care for  the words J.F.C. in the book.  I believe a point can be made without that language.  Just use the F word and leave Jesus Christ out of it.
This book was extremely hard to put down. Very dramatic.. pretty realistic. I definitely recommend reading it. I am reading another book by this author ""Sharp Objects"" also really good.
Without giving away anything about the plot, this book is a must read. The vocabulary is so precise and the story is full of twists and turns. I didn't see any of it coming. Highly recommended!
This is a great book.  The story takes so many turns that you don't see coming.  I love Gillian Flynn's writing style and how the book is organized.  I can't wait to read the rest of her works.
Excellent story, a character-driven novel with twists at every turn of the page. I formed a love-hate relationship with the majority of the primary characters. Formative literature at its best.
A friend let me read hers...... had to have one for my collection.... this story has all kinds of twists and turns in it..... had trouble putting the book down for ,,,, dinner, sleep, work...!!
This book was so suspenseful. Loved the way the author had each chapter go from his story to hers. The ending was not expected. Truly one of my favorite books. I only hope the movie is as good.
I loved Gone Girl.  I didn't know anything about the book when I started.. so the story really kept me going..  Love simple stories that keep getting more & more complex.. and surprise endings.
I could not put this book down-I kept sneaking off to read it! Just when I thought I had a handle on it Ms Flynn would throw in another plot twist and I'd go into another tailspin! A must read!
Your crazy and my crazy fit perfectly together.  I couldn't stand Amy as I got to know her through her diaries, but when we got to really see her, I gained respect for her.  True love prevails.
It was great! I took a chance on an author an and book I normally would not have read and I am so glad I did! It kept me reading when I should be doing other things!!!! Hopping for a follow up?
I am still reading this book on my kindle. Loving it! A great page turner and can't wait to see wbt happens. The characters are well developed and the writing is intriguing. Good read for sure!
I loved this book. I am often disappointed in crime fiction as I can tell the ending a long way before I get there, but this book kept me guessing. The final twist was fantastic and unexpected.
This book was great! I had no idea what was going to happen next. Such a page turner! I wasn't expecting it to end as it did. If you're looking for a happy ending, this is not the book for you!
An excellent tale.  Although I (and most of my book club) really disliked the 2 main characters by the end of the story, it was really well done.  To say more would give away the story.  Enjoy.
Could not put this book down.  It was more about addiction than love. A very spoiled, damaged woman and an easily controlled man.  Feel bad for the child. I would recommend to all my friends..
I usually have to like at least one character to enjoy a book.  In this book I really couldn't connect with either main character but the suspense kept me interested and I hated for it to end.
It keeps you on your toes. Nick and Amy needs to go to counselling and Amy needs to admit what she did is wrong Nick needs too stand by her and his son if not Nick and his son needs too leave.
Excellent. Well written. Characters likeable, then dislikable. Author got deep into their minds. One of those books that had twists in it. Once I started reading, I didn't want to put it down.
One-part love story, one part murder mystery. You feel yourself falling in love (hate?) with the characters, as Flynn guides the novel along with skillful dialogue and well-written characters.
Great read!  Hard to put down!  Started off a little slow but after the first couple chapters it was great!  Ending leaves you hanging but I don't know that I would've wanted it any other way.
One of the best books I have ever read!!! Twisting and turning right to the last page. It was a page turner couldn't put it down for a second. Can't wait for more from this author...Amazing!!!
The thoughts of Amy and Nick was the cause to read this book over just watching the movie.Hard to put it down. Great book.I loved the end! This is exactly the end as I expected it.
I loved this book.  Once I found out what was going on I couldn't put the book down.  I started out feeling sorry for her, but when the truth came out, what she was really all about....WOW!!!!
This is the second time I've read Gone Girl and it was just as entertaining second time around. If you like lots of twists and turns plus never sure of what will happen next it's a great read.
Wow...what a book. I kept changing my mind about who was the villain and who was the victim. I couldn't put it down. Gillian Flynn's writing is 'Amazing'...Hope the movie lives up to the book.
I thoroughly enjoyed this story's twists and turns, and excellent use of vocabulary.  The complexities of marriage are outrageous but understandable in her context, surprisingly. A great read.
So many twists and turns that I wasn't sure who to hate - it was definitely a roller coaster ride!  It was also, to me, a sad story about the destruction of a marriage by the parties involved.
I wanted to read this before seeing the movie. I wanted Nick to be victorious in the end, but he wasn't. Hoping he will be if they change the movie. This book kept me interested and intrigued.
I never read fiction but I made an exception in this case. Gone Girl was a real page turner & although the conclusion was not completely satisfying, I cannot wait for the movie to be released.
Every twist in this twisted story is to relished!  I could not put this book down. I wonder how they can possibly do it justice in a movie, how they will get so far into the characters' heads.
I loved this book. I purchased the Audible narration option so that I could listen when I was unable to read. The narration was great, the story was a page turner for sure. Thoroughly enjoyed.
I had only heard thus was a good book; knew nothing of the genre or storyline. A truly great read. Finished it in one day.  What I liked best was not ever being able to guess how it would end.
I LOVED this book!  I have read some comments that people do not like the ending.  I thought the ending was perfect!  Until you read the last page, you still don't know what's going to happen.
Stirring and thrilling masterpiece of contemporary writing. Flynn's words will have you constantly flipping the pages, as you will want to know more and more about the characters and the story
I loved this book. It came recommended to me by my daughter, so I knew it would be good. Great writing and story. I will definitely be looking for more books by this authorin the future,
Amazing"" character studies, intricate mind-play, frightening personal discoveries, all wrapped around an intriguing story line. I am impressed. Firmly placed in my Top 10 of all time.
At first I was a bit bored with this book as the going back and forth was driving me nuts. Then it suddenlyGot so intense it was hard to put down. It will wind you all around. Great book
Couldn't put it down. Very well written. Looking forward to reading more of her books.(not thrilled that my review must contain a certain # of words! I READ books, not WRITE them!)
She appreciated the unpredictability of the plot and the overall story.  I cannot comment about the writing itself as I didn't read it, but she does rave and recommend the book to her friends.
The best part of this book is how the author makes you switch your loyalty to characters and protagonists and antagonists don't remain in those roles throughout the book!Great read
This novel kept me guessing almost until the end.  Very surprising book with lots of twists and turns - still find myself thinking about what happened.  Nick and Amy are some messed up people!
Really good book.  You get inside the head of the Nick and Amy.  I absolutely couldn't put it down.  Makes you wonder if something like this could actually happen.  You have to read this book!
i totally enjoyed this book.  Read it in a few days and recommemed it to alot of friends.  read one of gillians other books..sharp objects. always on the look out for  a new author.. found one
This novel started out slow but when it took off....watch out! Just when you thought you had reached the height of deception, another chapter unfolded. It was a page turner and very enjoyable!
I loved this book, great thriller, kept me guessing the whole way through.  Highly recommend!! I already passed to my sister and she agrees!
Finally! A woman writer that knows and says what's in our minds. Fantastic story, flawless execution, riveting plot...it just makes you want to know more about the mind of all her characters.
A story that begins with what seems like a straight forward crime, but nothing about these people is simple. I'd heard all the hype and was prepared to be let down or disappointed; I was not.
A GREAT read. Didn't want to put it down. Loved the solid characters and the plot line and the back and forth between view points. The ending surprised me...but that's what a good novel does!
Great novel, I can't put it down.  Unexpected twists and turns and Ms. Flynn does a great job instilling her characters with interesting personailty traits, so that you can  really know them.
I was so thankful to get my hands on this book. If you're purchasing the book after seeing the movie, you'll be glad to get the extra detail and in-depth story that was left out of the movie.
I decided to see this movie first, then read the book. It didn't ruin the book at all. There are a lot of events left out in the movie. This is a must read if you like a thriller. I loved it!
Really great. Wasn't sure about it at first, but once you give the book some time it really picks up and is an excellent thriller. Great book. I will be reading more of this author very soon.
Could not put this book down,  having never seen the movie I don't think I would want to now after reading what they were both thinking.  Like everyone else I was not thrilled with the ending
A new twist on ""fatal attraction"".  I was obsessed with this book--couldn't wait to find out what would happen next.  It was creepy and scary and sad.  Boy did she teach him a lesson!
This book was actually boring me! And then about half way through, it just took off and blew my mind! It is almost impossible to believe love could ever be that cruel and petty. What a story!
This was a twisting turning maybe it could never happen -  maybe it could novel. I wanted to keep reading to see what happened! The way it was written was very interesting and spell binding!!
Very well written . One of those difficult to put down. Was shocked at the  ending.Since I am very well aware of the true place  this story was written I was not expecting  that ending.
I enjoyed this book from cover to cover. I was tempted to call in to work to finish it. I thoroughly enjoyed all the twists and turns. I found myself relating to so many characters. loved it!
i read this book on hearing good reviews but not spoilers about it. It was the first book I have read in a long while that I could not put down. It gripped me from beginning to end. Loved it!
This was one of the most cleverly ""plotted"" books that I've ever read.  I was truly surprised on more than one occasion.  You might not like the characters, but they were fascinating!
a real page turner.  Flynn keeps you guessing even when you think you've figured it out.  Some may be disapointed at the ending, but it's perfect when you realize justice isn't always served.
This is a riveting story, written with skill... especially the dialogue between characters.  I can honestly say that I couldn't put this one down... plan to read the author's other work, too!
Great book,  Suspensful, interesting and keeps you wanting more with the turn of every page.  Was on a cruise when I read the book and missed some of the activities so I could keep on reading
Kept me constantly guessing.  Never knew what would happen next - a lot of surprises.  Love her writing style. The characters are so well defined.  Have already ordered two more books by her.
This was a stunning story from start to finish. Characters who felt real, scenarios that were disturbing and twists and turns that kept me turning the pages well into the wee hours. Loved it!
This was a great book. Everytime I thought I had figured out what was going on the plot twisted a little more. I couldn't put this book down because I just had to know what would happen next.
Such a good read-- the twists and turns and I couldn't guess what was coming next.  It was a great thriller and I recommend it HIGHLY!  I can't wait to read the rest of Gillian Flynn's books.
Very suspense building.  A real page turner.  The mystery and the funny retorts made it very entertaining reading.No wonder Gone Girl has been on the Best Seller list for so many weeks.
This book will keep you guessing and leave you thinking and in most cases it will also make you appreciate your spouse more.  Can't say a lot more without spoiling the fun.  It's a wild ride.
Loved this book.  Although at times you feel it was stretching believeabilty (if this is a word) I still loved it.  At different times I loved and hated both of these characters.  Great Plot
I was hesitant to read this book, but fell in love with it right away.  It's one of those books you never want to end.  I have since read all of her other books and they're all just as good.
What an awesome book with many twists to keep you on the edge of your seat.  Just watched the movie and it followed the book very closely.  It's a wonderful read so get the book and enjoy!!!
I have to give it 5 stars because of the writing and the twists, and the characters that have you bouncing between love and hate and back again. One of those books everyone should read once.
Very intriguing. I had no idea what it was about until I started it and it definitely blew me away. I wasn't a huge fan of the last couple pages, but overall great book with multiple twists.
I chose this rating because I have never read anything quite like this book. It is truly original. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good murder mystery with a overwhelming twist.
Saw the movie first, but that didn't detract from this first-rate book at all. The depth of the characters is astounding. You want to hate them all, but you just can't. Don't miss this book.
I love the way that each character is built chapter by chapter. As soon as you think you know what's going to happen the story just takes off... and you are hit with surprise after surprise!
Awesome!  Smart and witty.  Not so much a mystery as a study of complex characters.  The ending is as complex a conflict as the main characters.  Glad I read it and recommend it to everyone.
Crazy good ! Endless twists and turns - a roller coaster of ups and downs and even sideways. You will cheer for the triumph and demise of both characters. A real twisted ying and yang story.
From good to bad to worse to unthinkable is what happens to one relationship that seems to be, truly, from hell. Very witty premise and sparkling writing.  Try to put it down - won't happen.
I enjoyed reading this book a lot. I kinda wished the ending was a bit more elaborate, but nonetheless it kept me wanting to read more and turn the pages! Recommended it for my friends too x
I loved this book.  Loved it.  I could not put it down.  It sucks you right in from the beginning.  The characters are AWESOME!  I highly recommend this book.  Reading it is time well spent.
A slow start but the author made up for that later.Wonderful tricks played on the reader  and the ending was superbly creepy.Bad guy and girl finished last....justice was served!
Gillian Flynn sure has written a great novel.  This one kept me guessing until the final page.  It's a book you can't put down.  I've recommended it to all my friends, and they loved it too.
This book went well beyond the typical murder mystery genre.  The characters are incredibly engaging, and often I had a hard time tearing myself away.  I cannot wait to read her other books!
This is worthy of the great reviews. Loved the form- one so based in reality as we all see the same thing from subjective ego-centric perspectives. And as such, it's a gripping cliff hanger.
Twists and turns in truly unexpected ways. i couldn't stop turning the story around and around in my head. For days my mind just kept coming back to it, unbidden. Truly a great modern read.
I loved this book so much so I went and saw the movie and I have to say both were way above average. I recommend this to anyone who likes to be kept guessing and who likes who did it books.
What to say?! Wow!! A real intense page turner that I could not put down with such a twist at the end! If you like mystery thrillers this is definitely one for you!! I enjoyed it immensely.
Very well-written, suspenseful, surprising and engaging.  After I read this I bought Gillian Flynn's 2 earlier books, ""Sharp Objects,"" and ""Dark Places"" and loved both, too.
First I saw the movie; when it ended my friend said that's it it  over?It left you thinking that was odd there should be more,  I have just finished. Reading the book,  so glad I did!
Simply brilliant read.  I thought at the beginning that it was going no where and then all of a sudden the author had your full attention.  I found the plot very clever and so well written.
This book is brilliant, so we'll written. Through all the twists and turns you think you have it figured out and with the turn of a page your twisted again with what direction it will take.
Great read. it was a little slow going at first trying to follow Amy's Diary, however it picked up and has a terrific finish! I am interested in seeing how close the move stays to the book.
Well written, unexpected. I liked the first person style that shifted between main characters. Final segment challenged the realm of possibility. But, otherwise a good and captivating read.
Loved the book.  It had more twists and turns and you never knew what was going to happen.  The ending left you wanting more.  The movie was pretty true to the book with just a few changes.
The best thing I have read in so long. I will definitely be reading more Flynn. Great writer. Loved the ending (although I think I am the only one in my book club that like the ending)>
Extremely well written! Truly a bizarre look at a more than complicated relationship.Had difficulty putting it down right to the ending - equally bizarre!!  Will read more from this author.
Loved this book. It was a nail-biter with unexpected twists and turns that kept me on the edge of my seat. I've already given it to a friend to read so I have someone to talk about it with!
I really enjoyed reading this book.  It kept me trying to figure out what would happen next.  The story telling point of view was interesting between the two main characters was insightful.
The author has the ability to make the reader flip flop between love and hate for each of the characters. The two perspective format of her story telling kept me engaged with every chapter.
I love this book so much that I gave it out as a Christmas gift to family. I LOVED LOVED LOVED this book! I simply can't wait for the movie and will re-read the book before I see the movie!
This was one of those books that can be hard to put down - wanted to keep reading which I did when I could.Great characters with plenty of psychological twists. Very cleverly written.
This book was just as good the second time I read as it was the first time. It keeps you guessing the whole time. The direction keeps changing and the ending totally catches your off guard.
There were a lot of twists and turns, it kept me reading and guessing. Although I didn't hop to the end, I thought I knew what happened to her but the ending had a quirk I couldn't imagine.
It was one of the few books I read this year that I couldn't put down.  Such a suspensful writer from begining to end.  And I liked the end.  I send it on to a friend for her pleasure.  MMV
Will keep you up at night as you flip flop from hero to anti-hero, never sure whom to vote for. A great book that will keep you thinking about it well after you're done with the last page.
This is a great book for other writers to read AFTER they see the movie. The way the author structures the characters and grips the readers is special for those who are learning the craft.
This story is very well written and scary.  Sociopath behavior should be taken seriously - innocent people who ignore the signs become helpless victims. It happens too often in this world.
This book had me hooked from the very first page. I read it almost completely in one night. I git so angry at it that at times I had to put it down and walk away because I was so involved!
Riveting book. I couldn't put it down. The characters were well developed. I actually was pulled in to the plot. I got the ending but wanted a different one. Well worth it for a good read.
Couldn't put the Kindle down when after I started this novel. I haven't seen the movie yet, but am very glad I read the novel first. Will be interesting to see how it compares to the film.
This was a great book that I would highly recommend to friends and family. It has several twists adding suspense throughout the book. This is one of those books you don't want to set down.
This book had me literally guessing until the very end. I'm totally mind blown and I'm really hoping there is a sequel. If there's no sequel then I have no idea WHAT IN THE WORLD TO THINK!
I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie, not something I usually do.  I am glad I did because the story made it hard to put the book down.  I love novels that draw me in that way.
It was a great book and the different perspective of both characters gives a great feel and allows for some intense cliffhangers that make you want to keep reading. It was hard to put down
Gone Girl is a very exciting read. I coudn't put it down - just had to know what would happen next.  Some of my friends were disappointed with the ending but I totally get it.  Great book.
Ah yes what a page turner. This is definitely a novel for your Holidays or if you feel like being totally unsociable. Great plot will always keep you guessing.Well done Gillian Flynn
This was a great book, fun and easy to read!  I couldn't resist continuing hour after hour.  I fell in love with the characters, then hated them only moments later.  I recommend this book!
I seldom read a novel that holds my interest for hours, but this is one I couldn't put down. This will make a great movie which I understand is being released in October 2014.  Can't wait!
Loved the book immensely, but I must say I was a tad disappointed with the ending, won't say anymore as I don't want to spoil it for anyone, it was an awesome book!  Loved Dark Places too.
This book has been so popular among my friends for a long time, and when I finally got around to reading it, I knew why.  I could not put it down.  It was intriguing from beginning to end.
I don't ususally read mystery, murder type books but a few friends said I should read Gone Girl. I am glad I did. It is a good book. Lots of details and twists and turns. Very interesting.
So clever, where to begin!  I love this book and I recommend it highly. Twisted and brilliant prose.  She is a great writer and this is Gillian's best book yet.  A must for those who read!
For me it was a page turner & different, like her other 2 books which also kept my interest. None of her books have a boring moment!  Looking forward to her next book whatever the story =)
Gillian Flynn writes colourfully with believeable characters, adding twists and turns to the plot throughout.  A thoroughly gripping yarn!  I wanted to put it down but read in one sitting.
I LOVED this book!  It was exciting and fascinating and fun and just the right amount of creepy.  The characters are so interesting, and the plot is truly original.  I highly recommend it!
Great plot with many twists and turns! This book is a page-turner from start to finish!!! Can't wait to read another book by this author!
Thoroughly enjoying my latest book purchase for my kindle.  Plan on making some more purchases very soon to enjoy while I am on vacation.
Loved this book!! There are so many twists and turns it will keep you guessing until the very end!! Totally worth the money and then some
wonderful read, riveting
This book is amazing. Be warned of intense sexual language and sexual situations. Not suited for younger audiences. You'll really love it. Go ahead and buy it! You won't be disappointed!!
I loved this book!  I thought it was very well written.  The story line was great, characters were very interesting, and just the right amount of suspense.  Definitely recommend this one.
What I liked?  The author kept me reading!  It doesn't get any better than that for this lover of the suspenseful novel!!  I'll be reading it again - always my way to measure a good book!
This is the best book I've read in a very long time. The author was brilliant in his portrayal of Amy. This book is definitely worth a second read. I am recommending it to all my friends.
Author keeps you guessing until the end. Lots of twists, turns and surprises. Teh characters in this book are deeply flawed.Author does a good job of building suspense. Well written
I never saw the ending coming.  I was totally hooked on this book from the moment I started it.  I had never read anything by Gillian Flynn before, but I most definitely will from now on.
Great fun.  Enjoyed the book but did not watch the movie as it is rated R.  The book was easier to read and left a bit more to the imagination, thank goodness.  Really enjoyed reading it.
I liked the way this book was set up.  I loved the idea of her writing down in a diary and giving us small clues.  The movie did the book justice.  I would definitely recommend this book!
Exciting until the last page!  Couldn't put it down to do anything until I finished.  Then downloaded another book by her and it was just as good.  I liked the book better than the movie.
So glad I read this before I saw the movie...I couldn't put it down.  It has all the elements...mystery, suspense, incredible character development, twists, turns....I could go on and on.
This book is so well written, loved the use of the language.  It had so many twists and turns, could not put it down.  Have purchased and read her other two books, both very, very, good!!
Great Book not a big reader but I heard people talking about it, sounded interesting the only problem I had was I didn't want to stop reading it I work graveyards and needed to get sleep.
I enjoyed reading this book. Characters are awesome!!!! Kept me turning the pages from first page on. I have heard the movie follows the book very closely. I always like the books better.
Very engrossing.  Couldn't wait to see what happened next.  Well written.  I've already ordered another one of her books.  The ending was a bit disappointing, but I was warned about that.
Clever storyline, interesting characters, great twists and thought provoking insight into marital behaviour. Once you start, you just can't stop reading this novel.  I would recommend it.
started a bit slow, for a couple of pages but then ... what a wonderful girl and what awful husband she has!  and after all ... the ends leaves one pondering ... they deserve one another!
So good! Absolutely amazing. I could not put it down for days. Make sure you don't read it when you have work to do, or it will not get done! It will keep you guessing until the very end.
This book has a lot of twists and turns, and really holds you.  Interesting use of switching between the male & female perspectives.  Highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of thrillers.
Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer. Her work speaks for itself. If you like horror or murder mystery novels I highly recommend this or any of her other books. They are wonderful and dark.
To be my first thriller that I read it is pretty good. Although you know from the title the main topic of the book, the twists and turns plus the writing technique make the story amazing.
I was unsure after reading some reviews about how good this book would be. It was amazing! I read it in less than a week. I could not put it down. Twice, it kept me up until 3am. MUST BUY
This was a great book and not easy to figure out what was coming next.  Be prepared to feel very uneasy about some of the scenarios in the plot but it will certainly keep your attention!!
this book kept my attention til the end.  lots of twists keeps you guessing. loved it highly recommend! I will read more by this author.
I have never been so angry about plot twists, yet so engrossed I could not stop. It's been over a year since I first read this novel. I still recommend it and have read it over and over.
Love the style, the back and forth tones, the insight into relationships and the dark other side of telling a double story. Is the printed word more or less manipulative than the visual?
I loved this book! Though I do wish I had read it before I saw the movie because I knew what was coming. But nonetheless the plot line was great, unique. It. Is full of profanity though.
Story line is creative and managed skillfully. Characters are well developed. Everything holds together for the entire 550 pages. One of the best crime-suspense I've read in a long time.
This is a fantastic read, and I really enjoy the cover art referencing the recent film.  Both are phenomenal and unforgettable, and I now want to read everything this author has written!
Beautifully written,intelligent,true. It makes one angry and tense .It makes us happy that our relationship is better ,perhaps .Fiction that is documentary ,at the same time.
We are what our parents make us. Great story. Loved the back and forth perspective. Gives truth to my favorite maxim. There are two sides to every story . . . and then there's the truth.
I enjoyed reading this book. It was interesting and kept me wanting more. I developed a love-hate relationship with the characters- still not sure which. But I do know I loved this book.
I usually steer away from 'trendy' and 'hyped-up' books as they never live up to the expectation.  Well, this book is the exception.  Great writing and great twists and turns throughout.
This had to be one of the. Craziest stories.  Totally grabbed me from page one and totally caught me off guard more than once.  I want to see the movie version but defiantly a good read.
I loved this book. The way the story is told is brilliant. All the twists and turns made me want to read nonstop. The book kept me guessing at all times which makes for a thrilling read.
Great book that will blow your mind! you won't be able to put it down from beginning to end.I gave it 5 stars cause the book is very well written and the details were perfect
Loved the contrast between Nick's point of view and Amy's point of view. One of the few novels that I enjoyed the creativity of the writing as much as the story itself. Highly recommend!
Very well written!  How refreshing to read a book where you really don't know what is coming next.  The beginning is a bit slow but then it picks you up and carries you off.  Great read!
This book is an amazing read - non stop and surprising all the way until the end.  Great characters with lots of unexpected turns.  I highly recommend for a beach read or any day read...
This book is about crazy people doing methodically crazy things in such a way that it not only intrigues, but truly disgusts.  A book that can evoke true emotion is one to be remembered.
Some parts in the beginning are slow...but the sick twistedness comes towards the middle, leaving you on the edge of your seat, always keeping you coming back for more! Great book!
Absolutely brilliant read!  Amazing story line that held my attention from start to finish.  A real page-turner!  I thoroughly enjoyed it!  I could not wait to see how it would turn out.
Incredibly well-written page turner. Great narrative voices and very vivid descriptions. I finished it in 2 days and bought a copy for a close friend. Excellent summer and plane reading!
The ending...I feel ruptured. I need to heal before I can read another one of his (her??) books.  It was amazing, though. Exactly what fiction should be...so real it makes you feel sick.
I loved this book, so different and so insightful to our lives today. (In a wierd way) Thriller, with twists and plot changes, will keep you reading page after page. Highly recommend it!
This was an amazing (ha!) book. I felt bad  for Nick and really and truly despised Amy. I wish there was a revenge ending, but it was still really good. Sick and twisted but really good.
This book was fabulous. Easy to read, compelling story that just got you so sucked in..I was turning the pages in eager anticipation....Cannot recommend this book enough...brilliant  !!!
This book is why I love reading.  The plot, characters, setting(OK I'm from the Midwest), and time frame all work together to make for a thrilling adventure.  No spoilers here-fantastic!
I enjoyed this book and will read others by this author.  I liked the ending even though others I have talked to thought it was soft.  I thought it was in character for Nick's character.
I have read Gillian Flynn's other two novels and each was amazing in its own way--gripping plot, memorable characters, and clean, tight prose that complements the flow of the story. But with GONE GIRL, she outdoes herself, building a mystery/thriller/dark meditation on love and marriage that was so involving I read all 400+ pages over the course of one weekend. This is the kind of book for which you turn off the phones, block out some time, plan on staying up late because you are simply not going to want to put this book down. Highly, highly recommended!
This book was chosen for our book club and everyone thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was a page turner and kept you guessing.  Well written!!
Very cleverly written!  I don't want to spoil anything, because there are some really fun twists.  My favorite book so far this summer.
Really enjoyed this book, I saw the film first, and wanted to read the book to ""see"" the characters emerge.  Excellent plot, very creative, and extreme twists, diabolic in fact.
A good read. I really enjoyed the character development as the story progressed.  I held off seeing the movie before reading the book. Now I look forward to the Big Screen presentation.
I read this ages ago and my 95 year old mother wanted to read it. I thought it would be too much for her.  But she really enjoyed this and said she hadn't read such a good book in ages.
The book was much more intense than the movie.  I enjoyed the movie, but the book is more complete.  It would be really sick to think lives could really be like that!  Good imagination!
Fantastic...I couldn't put it down, even though I figured out the ending early on.  People are very complex creatures and Ms. Flynn really peels away the outer facade of her characters.
One of my favorite books now. I so enjoyed reading this novel and have recommended it to several individuals. As always the book was much better than the movie. Way to go Gillian Flynn.
Absolutely read the book then see the movie - the movie was great but the psychological twists and turns in the book are even better. And of course, the movie couldn't cover everything.
You would not stop reading till your done. It's definitely something that would keep you thinking. Nothing like I have read before! I would recommended this book to the mature audience.
Thrilling novel that left me wanting to read the each chapter right after I finished the last. There were twists and turns and I had no idea which direction this book was going to take.
What starts out as a mundane love story quickly turns into a twisty-turny plot of lies deceit affairs and even murder. The perfect marriage is anyyhing but. Cant wait to see the movie!!
I kept being blindsided by unexpected turns of events. Just when you think you are starting to know the mind of the two main characters, they keep surprising you. Quite the page turner!
Very entertaining read. The characters are diabolically entertaining. Once I started reading, I was consumed by the book until the twisted end. What more could you want from a book? Ha!
Fantastic read, would recommend to anyone, a real thriller, but not gruesome which means that it is well written and not having to rely on other things to hold it together. Loved it!!!!
I must say, the story was very slow to start but it gets much better! Many have complained about the ending, but it isn't so bad. Overall, I would recommend my friends to read the book!
I couldn't put this novel down.  I wanted to know how it ended, but felt the author wandered around to find an ending  I am still thinking about what might have happened after it ended.
A well thought out, AMAZING story. A little speechless at the moment. Wishing the ending was different but I need to ponder the last few chapters. I feel like I've known women like Amy!
Keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time. I could not put the book down. It doesn't end how you expect it to. I don't read that often but did not have a hard time finishing it.
Great story. I had no idea what would happen next as all was making sense - but then realised I was only 50% through the story. Nothing too suspenseful though - still semi-lighthearted.
I couldn't put it down, every time you think you've figured it all out, the story flips and you find yourself in the dark again, I highly recommend this book! You won't be disappointed!
I've declared this my new favorite book.  I couldn't put it down. It's dry, twisted, witty, dark, and absolutely brilliant. It played perfectly like a movie in my head. Brilliant work b
The beginning was slow reading, but not boring.  After the first few chapters, I couldn't put it down.The many twists and turns of the book,really kept me going!  I loved this book! zvp
Wow. Just...wow. Scary to think how this could actually be some ones screwed up life. I have seen criticism of the ending, but I thought it was appropriate considering the overall plot.
What a twist this read was.  Going along back and forth between the two characters through the first half of the book then whammies couldn't put it down. Enjoyed this book tremendously.
I saw the movie before reading the book so I wasn't as surprised by the outcomes. I was told to not read this book because the ending was unsatisfying but I absolutely loved this read.
This book twists you through the minds of people you never want to meet. A bit difficult to get into as the characters while being developed.  By mid book, you can't put the book down.
Wow, to say this book had me up nights is an understatement. First on Amy's side but then quickly moving over to Nick's corner. The ending was the most frustrating part. What happened?
Awesome book ... And the movie was exceptional as well ... Movie is never as good as the book and Flynn has a great way of writing that gives you a window into the mind of a psychopath
I thoroughly enjoyed the suspense in this story. It was hard to put down at times because I just wanted to know what was going to happen next! Great read during the cold winter months!
Creative, Captivating, and Crazy!  A little slow getting started but then I couldn't put it down.  I loved the book!  I would recommend to anyone who likes suspense or thriller Novels.
I would give it a five but the ending sucked! I feel it could have been 100 pages longer but I was totally entertained by the writing and the story itself just unhappy with the ending.
An incredibly exciting book from the start. Plot twists that will spin your head. Thrilling and suspensefull. Loved it.Sir Princess Petra (Pen Pieyu Adventures)
This book sucked me in and spit me out wanting even more! Every chapter leaves you thinking 'what the___!?!'. Quick and easy read, have reccommended it to virtually everyone I talk to!
Gone Girl was different than most of the books I read, but I could hardly put it down.  I enjoyed the story and especially the writing style.  I'm looking forward to the movie version.
I really enjoyed storytelling style, which was shared between the two main characters. The storytelling style provided an interesting read and kept me on my toes with twists and turns.
I'm usually VERY good at predicting a story early on but this one kept me on my toes. Enjoyed how the writing made me keep changing my mind about what was happening and who was guilty.
Page turning!  Disturbing!  Be prepared to not put it down until the last page!  Keeps you wanting to read the last page to see its' conclusion but then again you don't want it to end!
I could not stop reading this book.  The only thing I didn't like about this book is that it makes other books I've read since finishing this seem boring and poorly written!  Loved it.
This book has unbelievable (in a good way) main characters, I was astounded by these people Gillian came up with. The story wouldn't allow me to put this book down. Highly recommended!
I had been searching for a good book to read and my sister suggested this one to me. I could not put it down! Flynn is an amazing author. I can't wait to read another one of her books.
Haven't read anything this good in sooooooo long! Didn't know what to expect so I was completely blown away. I really wanted her to pay though.......pay big! Must be the man in me! Lol
Just when you think you have this thriller figured out, a wrench is thrown in and the plot twists, yet again. This was can't-put-down-best-read-in-a-long-time story. Highly recommend!!
A twisted tale of manipulation and extremes, this book made me change my thoughts about the characters continuously.  Relationships can be complex but Nick and Amy have outdone us all!
Page after page of suspense and intrigue.  Characters and plot are well developed and one feels as if he is reading a true story instead of fiction.  The surprise ending is a stinger..
It's been a long time since I've read a novel that really is a ""page turner.""  One surprise after another and I didn't want it to end.  Now Flynn needs to work on a new ending.
The twists and turns in the novel are wonderfully wrought.  The characters are alternately likable and despicable.Gillian Flynn is a skilled author.  Gone Girl is worth the read.
The author is an amazing writer; I loved how it was formatted to switch back and forth between characters. The plot had a really unexpected twist and the ending was really interesting!
Gone Girl was a gift. The reaction was ecstatic. If she is pleased, then I am pleasedMust wait until book is actually read for overall rating. But I suspect no less than 5 stars.
Great book; very tense! I haven't seen the movie yet, but I don't know how the movie can be any good without everything that was in the book laid out for you first. I loved this book!
I did see the movie first so I may be rating based on that but I loved the movie and I loved the book and I bought the DVD, and I no longer buy DVD's but I just really liked this one!
This book is one that when I walk into a place where I plan to read it, people start telling me how great it is.  Therefore I do not get to read it till I get home.  I love this book!
Well written!  One of those ones you don't want to put down.  Love the duplicity of the book.  Part 1: a marriage unraveling in the context of a mystery.  Part 2: just the pure crazy.
It ain't over till it's (really) over!  Lots of twists and turns.  Well written, suspenseful, interesting.  I'm told by other who've seen the film that you should read the book first.
I loved this book from beginning to end!!  You will not be disappointed by reading it!!  There are several twist and turns.  I tried hard to guess what would happen next and couldn't.
It was a very riveting book.  The plot kept spinning.  The book was hard to put down.  I commend all the twists and turns the author put into the book.  Would definitely read another.
This was a very entertaining book. A lot of twists and turns. Expect the unexpected. I have not seen the movie yet, but this was certainly a good read. Keeps you guessing. Loved it !!
ABSOLUTELY loved this book, I really was riveted & could not put it down. Damn YOU Gillian this family cannot work, when, where, how does this shitstorm end because it has to? Wow!!!!
An amazing insight into contemporary American ennui, a study of character so accurate it's frightening.An absolute recommendation to all fans of deep studies of the human psyche
page-turner....am hoping the movie follows the book closely!  Definitely suggest to read it when you don't have to put it down.  I read most of it when my plane was delayed for hours.
I read this way before the movie. It is my all time favorite book. I'm afraid that no book will ever capture my attention like this book did. I encourage any and everyone to read it!!
Is it a novel that takes you a familiar road with very unfamiliar turns.  As you approach the end of your trip and have it all figure out, you realized that once again you are fooled.
Very rarely do I come across books that I just can't put down. Gone Girl is a twisted, blow your mind book that is just amazing. Great story. Great plot. Great characters. Great book.
I just loved this book and what a twist !!!!! seems like there is a sequel coming on . I got to then end and thought what really ?????? I didn't want it to end very clever ending !!!!
Delightful peculiar suspense drama. I love the way the author wrote this - sucked you in - and just when you thought you knew what was coming next... Bam!  Total surprise. Great read!
I don't ever read books, but after hearing how great this one was, I decided to pick it up. I could barely put it down! So much suspense and so many twists! Definitely recommend it!!!
It took me a chapter or two to get into it. Then I couldn't put it down! Love the style of writing. Hated the ending because I wanted more. Hope for a sequel!! Great writing Ms Flynn!
This book was very good and interesting.  I had a hard time putting it down wanting to only find out what's going to happen next.  The characters were interesting.  I would recommend.
I gave this book five stars because I could not put it down. The twists an turns, everything you assume is true isn't, the way you start to see that no one is who they seem. Brilliant
Her other book Sharp Objects is every bit as good! It's her first novel and it's wonderful. I bought it and read it more than once. Dark Places is a good read too, I love this author.
Most amazing way to tell a story that is a page turner you can't put down. Every time you think you have it figured out, another twist comes. Can't wait to read more from this author.
Page turner with no clue to how it will end.  This will make a great movie.  If you like the writing of Chuck Palahniuk and Jodi Picoult all rolled into one, this is the book for you.
Loved it. First time reading this author and will definately read her other books.Interesting style having both central characters as narrators. Would definatleyrecommend.
Loved it - very captivating with great plot twists and turns.  I've been looking for a new fiction writer ever since I finished all of Tana French's books, and I think I've found her!
What a crazy great story.  The author has a very unique way of telling a story and a vivid imagination.  I couldn't put the book down, and ordered her other two as soon as I finished.
This was slow at first but soon turned into a GREAT read.  It takes you thru several twists and turns before the end. It gets into your mind.  Grab this book on a cozy day and enjoy!!
Slow start but once I got into the book I was hooked.  No good guys in this one.  I couldn't take sides.  Just when you thought you had it figured out Gillian Flynn throw you a curve.
This book has a very cleverly thought out plot. Each time you think that perhaps you have figured it out, you turn the page to an unexpected twist in the story.I couldn't put it down!
Not your ordinary ""who-dunnit"" of a missing person.  Great plot and a fun read.  I definitely recommend this book for anyone who enjoys a mystery with an unexpected storyline.
This was my recommendation for our bookclub when it first came out. We all loved it - you can never predict how it will end and a book where no one really liked any of the characters!
Couldn't put it down! Definitely not necessarily what I was expecting when I bought the book, but even more amazing than I hoped. This book deserves every bit of the hype it's gotten.
Looking at the story from two alternating perspectives is an interesting construct.  Kept me up reading late at night, which is rare for me.  Highly recommended if you like mysteries.
An interesting story that kept me constantly changing my mind about who the 'victim' was in this story of manipulation, treachery and revenge!  Not a book that can be put down easily!
This is one of the best books I have read this year. Superb storytelling. It's a mystery, a thriller and a book about relationships. It deserves a sequel, wrong cannot win over right.
Couldn't put it down. Was happy I read it before seeing the movie. This is a great read for people who love lots of twists and turns and to be taken on a journey with the characters.
I actually didn't mean to buy the book. I wanted to rent it for my kindle but I accidentally bought it. I loved the book. It through me for a loop too. I was not expecting the twist.
Great story.  Can't wait to see the movie.  I can't remember how much violence or sexual content there was, so I'm guessing it wasn't much since it didn't stand out.  Loved the book!
great reading. Bit slow to begin with but one third of the way through it became more interesting to read.  Strange ending.  I am presuming that it's being left for a follow on book.
Starts off slow; most books do. It has twists and turns and things that will make you say ""oh my god"" many times both out of shock and anger. Can't wait to see the movie now!
Some idiot gave away a huge spoiler before I read this but I decided to read it anyway and still LOVED it. Unputdownable!! Haven't had a book grip me like this in ages, it was great.
I never fill these reviews out... This one was worth my time! Couldn't put it down... For the first time, I loved my Dr. Appt wait times, carpool line, and walking on the treadmill!!
I really liked this book, it took me full circle back to wanting to read it again to see if I missed something. I can't wait to see the movie, although I know it will not be as good.
Love the book... the movie was just like it. I love the insight into a woman who is married and clearly doesn't want to be the typical nagging wife, even if she is a little demented.
If anything in the movie was unclear the book will clarify it for you.  It's just one OMG! moment after another and a reason to give thanks for a marriage without drama and insanity.
Engrossing contemporary fiction with many surprising turns ant twists that I didn't see coming.  I haven't seen the movie, but definitely will now. Glad to have read the novel first.
You may not want to award this the Pulitzer.  You may not love the characters.  You will love the plot and the suspense.  The best page turner I have read in years.  A total delight.
Much better than the movie! Could not put it down - reading to 1 or 2 in the morning and then to work for 8 (groan). Plan on giving it as Christmas gift to several different friends!
I absolutely loved it. I was really surprised how much I loved it. I am actually going to read it again because now that I know what happens it will be like reading a whole new book!
Quickly read this before the movie came out and now I can't wait to see the movie.  Such a peek into the twisted minds of people living in and shaped by today's society.  Great book!
This story was a roller coaster from beginning to end.  Diabolical and fun.  Toxic relationships done right.  This is a story that grabs hold and doesn't let go.  Highly recommended.
This book is a MUST read.  I absolutely loved it and want to read it again right now just to savor all the wonderful prose.  Don't just wait till the movie is out... READ THIS BOOK!!
If I could give this book 10 stars I would. Wow, just, wow. I don't often have a book that captures me in the beginning and holds onto me throughout. This book did both those things.
I loved this book, it kept me entertained until the very last page. It was excellent writing and it was amazing how she could make me hate and then love and then hate the characters.
I loved this book.  I thought the writing style was unique and compelling.  Just when I thought I had the story figured out, I got hit with something I never saw coming.  Great read.
I read this book twice, once while traveling and then again while relaxing this summer. It's fun, twisty, and keeps your interest. Makes you love and hate the characters in the book.
The novel is full of twists and turns.  It kept me guessing throughout.  The two narrators had distinct and different voices.  A surprise ending.  It's dark and ironic.  Fun to read.
Very hard to put this book down. Since it is told from two points of view, you always want to know what the other narrator is going to say next.  Definitely a psychological thriller!
Though the ending was a bit disappointing, I raced thru the book it was an easy read to see what happens!  Looking forward to seeing the movie, wondering if it will be like the book.
I love, love, loooooved this book!!! She will take you on a wild, crazy ride. I can appreciate her unorthodox way of ending a book on her terms, I imagine many writers are afraid to.
Kept my attention the whole time I was reading it. Very intense story line . First book read by Gillian Flynn and I will be more likely to chose another of his books to pick up first
I pride myself on being a voracious reader. This is the first book that made me, honestly, yell ""WHAT!!! HOLY (profanity)""...cannot get over this book and cannot recommend it enough!
I am a big fan of mysterys, but this one has so many twists and turns it keeps you turning the page to find out what is the truth.Very different from the usual thrillers.
I could not put the book down. It is an amazing twisted thriller. The ending will leave you unsatisfied, dumbfounded that someone could get away with something so horrible.  Love it!
Gone Girl"" by Gillian Flynn is an excellent mystery, a real page turner. I felt I was reading an ""onion"" with different layers peeled off. You might be up all night.
This story grabs the reader from the very first page, the opening paragraph and just doesn't let go.  It's the story of Amy and Nick Dunne-- they're a couple that has baggage just like everyone else, but that's the way life is.  As the reader, I was quickly  sucked into the vortex of this marriage that's in a very dark place, it's a marriage in  peril.  Amy disappears on their fifth wedding anniversary just as the traditional plans for celebrating their anniversary come to fruition and thus begins this chilling mind-blowing tale.  I barely looked up from this novel; it begs to be read in large chunks.  Just as I thought I had everything figured out, the plot went in a totally different direction and I was completely confounded.  All the characters are well drawn and completely believable.  At times I was sickened by what was happening, but I quickly became addicted and had to keep reading.This is the perfect suspenseful, thrilling summer read!  I look forward to reading the other offerings from this author.
Suspensefully written. A chilling, sincere and familiar story. So much of the content and back story seems as though it is a perfect picture of long term relationships of all kinds.
I absolutely LOVED this book and could not put it down! I stayed up late and lost sleep b/c I had to see what was happening next. One of the most suspenseful books I have ever read.
I couldn't put this book down!  It was like when you watch a scary movie and cover your eyes but you just can't stand to miss anything so you peek between your fingers.  I LOVED IT!
Well done. A sequel perhaps? You can't leave us hanging now! Will Greta and Jeff show up? Will the baby make them even more nuts? Will Go and Boney come up with a plan to free Nick?
Captivating, well written, lots of character depth, and an amazing plot line.Was hopeful for a different ending.  Nick will never drink another bottle of wine that he does not open.
Love the book and I guessed what happened to her only because I related.  No I am not psycho. Like she was  But read the book and then enjoy the movie.  You will not be disappointed
GOOD BOOK! Love the way the perspective changed alternatively between the two main characters chapter by chapter...made for a very interesting read. Am looking forward to the movie!
This book took me by surprise. Just when you think you have it figured out, another chapter starts and you then question what you thought and come up with another theory. Great book
A fascinating psychological thriller and very well written. I saw the movie first and wanted to delve more into the characters.  The book does not disappoint and develops them well.
Think you have it figured out?  Think again. Plot twists upon plot twists, strong characterizations and unbelievable shifts of perspective make this the one you just can't put down.
I was a little late getting to read this book and had never read any of her other books. This book was really a page turner. No wonder it got to number one on the best sellers list.
Imagine the most hated manipulator in your life...then completely scrub their picture from your mind because they do not hold a candle to the sociopath in this story. I was riveted.
Loved the book!  It was a selection for my Book Club & a lively discussion ensued at our last meeting.  There are twists & turns just when you think you have everything figured out.
This is the most breathtaking, winding, thrilling novel that I have ever read! A well-written, modern classic that digs into the soul of the identity of marriage. Literally amazing,
I got to say that I loved it! I thought it was amazing how the author managed to weave these two characters stories together into something that mesmerizing. I couldn't put it down.
Riveting !! So many twist and turns...  couldn't put the book down. Hope there will be a sequel.This is a psychological thriller.  A surprise ending that leaves one wondering.
It was a pretty well written book, I was hooked until the end, dying to find out how it would end, and it didn't disappoint. Took me for a ride, but a good one. Highly recommend it.
OMG, what a good book. I was constantly changing my mind about what was going on. The book has so many twists and turns, you can not predict the ending. Can't wait to see the movie.
Put off reading this over a year. Wish I had read it sooner. I figured it would be sappy, no sap. As for the ending, why people comment on endings I do not know! The ending is fine.
Could not put this down. There were twists and turns on every page. It was a great read however the ending felt a little rushed land anticlimactic. But even so, it was a great book.
Gillian has shown the extreme creativity and talent that is used in writing. This book had me feeling for each character. If you want a book that keeps you interested...this is it!!
Well written, psychologically intriguing and the twists keep you guessing to the end. Hard to put down - every opportunity to read was welcome (even in the middle of the  night....)
Didn't want to put the book down.  It kept you wondering if she was really dead.  And what really happened to lose the trust of fantastic couple love.  I'm anxious to see the movie.
It was one of those books ""hard to put down""...intriguingly constructed, kept me guessing, kept me involved deeply in the characters. A  fun read, though utterly disturbing!
I totally loved this book. Just when you think you hate one of the characters you find out that they aren't the bad guy after all. I couldn't put this one down. Loved it to the end!
Very interesting, plot flowed well. Great airport/traveling read. The entire time you are guessing who is the culprit. You are kept on edge until the end and it does not disappoint.
This book was captivating!!!  It is a definite must read, no matter what your interest is.  The lead female character is so intriguing.  I highly recommend this book!  It was great!
Just when I thought I had it figured out, here comes a twist... then another and another! Great book. I wish I could unread it and read it again. Definitely would reccomend to read.
Great fast paced read. Alternating points of view made this a fast read. You grow to dislike yet respect both Amy and Nick. Clearly not a basic story. Original from start to finish.
The first few chapters of this book did not evidence how the protagonists would play out their roles; I was completely surprised.  This psychological thriller was a delight to read.
Who is the bad guy? Throughout the book, new aspects of the characters personalities are revealed. The author captures the intricate characteristics of the characters. A great read!
really enjoyed this book...not was i was expecting! I loved Amy's side of the story even though she is nuts! Nick was an interesting character as I was mixed in my opinion of him...
What an unbelievable  ending. Could have done without so much foul language. I am no prude but, thought the language was a little over board.jFlynn has an amazing and creative mind.
This book is outstanding.  You really don't know what will happen at the end.  It is nerve-wracking.  Anyone who wants to read something well-written and enjoyable should read this.
Funny yet suspenseful; surprises and suspicions throughout; two timelines very effective for the storyline; the author does a great job of expressing the male and female viewpoints.
I ordered this as we were reading it for my book group.  It is a great book - lots of twists and turns - and we had a lively discussion.  The book came quickly and was a good value.
I couldn't put this book down!  It was dark and twisted and full of unexpected plot twists!  Wonderfully written and brilliantly finished.  I love how real the ending was!  Perfect!
This book prompted me to read all of Flynn's books.  This is a sharp and unique story that really does keep you guessing.  Enjoyed Flynn a lot but she is deep, dark and depressing.
Great book that really has plenty of surprises. As much as you think you know what's going to happen, the author surprises you and goes a completely different way. Would recommend!
Once I began, I couldn't put it down. I kept thinking this author has some crazy mind. Really good, couldn't wait to get to the end to see how it finished and then, what do you do?
I read this book on the beach on a recent vacation, and I loved it.  Great beach read.  I am looking forward to my next vacation in May in order to read another of Gillian's books.
Very very good. I am not a reader but needed something to read on the beach. Kept my attention to the point my boyfriend was getting jealous it was getting more attention than him!
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. And, as is often the case, the book is far better than the movie was - and the movie was excellent. It's a suspenseful and intriguing story.
Full of twists and turns. I went from adoring to despising to downright astonishment in regards to the characters. The Amazing Amy is one Psycho B!@%# and that's putting it mildly!
Must read. Not my typical book, shockingly surprised how interested I was in the outcome of this story. I was shocked at every new revelation . Still can't believe the way it ends.
Loved the book. Easy to follow with a unique set up. I didn't want to put it down. Since my daughter was on the hospital, I was able to finish it in 4 days, which is good for me ;)
The best book I've read in years.  Meticulous research, ""amazing"" characters, great story.  This is the first novel I've read by Flynn, but will definitely be reading more.
I hated almost every character, and I still somehow couldn't put this down. Excellent writing, compelling story. Ending...meh, but it didn't ruin the book by any means. Great read.
Simply one of the best novels I've ever read. It exposes the gray areas we all contend with in our lives, whether it's love, marriage, lust, jealousy, regret or thoughts of murder.
This book was very suspenseful The book had more twists and turns than I have ever seen. I couldn't wait to read the next chapter. I am not sure I was expecting how the book ended!
I couldn't put this one down. The author's presentation of a post financial crisis New York City & middle America provided quite a haunting background for a devious murder mystery.
After reading Sharp Objects, I was hooked on Gillian Flynn. Gone Girl did not disappoint. Complex characters and great plot twists... the author had me switching sides and guessing
Gillian Flynn is one of my favorite writers. She has a gift for great story telling and this novel explodes in ways you will not be able to predict. All I can say is ""Wow!
Really enjoyed this book - its a complete page turner and held my attention totally throughout.  Ending was a little disappointing but probably necessary considering the plot line.
at the first major plot twist I laughed out loud and texted my wife from Thailand (as she had read it first and kept me in the dark). What a great plot device doing two narratives.
I will be purchasing another one of Gillian Flynn's books as she is a brilliant writer.  This is the first time I have bothered to write a review on any book.  I give it 5 + stars!
Gillian Flynn is amazing.  This book had twists and turns that kept me reading day and night.  What a rollercoaster.  I am now reading anything by Flynn that I can get my hands on.
Slow start, but stick with it, It is worth it.  The story was well written and the story line fascinating.  Evil comes in many a disguised form! I love it when a book surprises me.
I couldn't put it down.  Read it in 3 days!  So many twists it keeps you wanting to read more.  The ending was the only thing I was mad at.... totally unexpected!  An awesome read!
This is by far the best book I read in 2012 (and I read a lot!)  Flynn has a wonderful, tight writing style, and the story has so many twists and turns that I couldn't put it down.
Trapped me from the first two chapters. Had never come across such a writing concept before.The story set-up and the writing style make this intriguing book hard to put down!
I'm sure you've heard of this book. Buy it. I'm not a book reviewer but can pretty much say you'll be surprised a number of times as you read it. Saying more would reveal too much.
From the first page of this novel, I knew it would be very enjoyable.  I was absolutely correct!  I felt like I couldn't devour this book fast enough.  As a student in a master's level forensic psychology program, I found this book simply astounding.  The psychology of the main characters is stupendous and unbelievably fascinating!  The author has an amazing writing style, and what I love most is that she is very adept at describing human interactions and feelings, which I find many other authors have trouble with (Tana French is also great at this).  Human emotion is one of the hardest things to convey, and Gillian Flynn does it superbly!  I have recommended this book to several others, and I have heard nothing but rave reviews.
WOW! I whipped through this book -- couldn't wait to see what was coming next. Great writing from different points of view. I'm very surprised to see some low ratings from other readers. My guess is that ...SPOILERSPOILERSPOILER... these readers didn't like the ending because it could be construed as vague and wasn't what they may have expected. But I wholeheartedly recommend the book for readers who are looking for a well-written and unique story. Can't wait for the movie version!
Diabolical. That is all I can say without spoilers. A must read for all. This is a don't brush your hair, indent the seat cushion until you finish book. Love the twists and turns.
This was a really great book! Very intense and I couldn't really guess where the story was going. I'm not sure about the movie but the book really does live up to it's reputation!
It was so unpredictable and exciting. As I read, I repeatedly found myself thinking, what a brilliant, scarlet psychopath this character is. Obviously I can't say which character.
An excellent read. The characters are complex and you really don't know what makes them tick from chapter to chapter. A story you will think about long after you are done reading.
I loved this book and I hated it all at the same time. It kept my interest through out the entire book and I couldn't wait to get to the next chapter. Suspenseful and nail biting.
fascinating book, gripping story, certainly kept you in suspense. when I heard this is going to be made in to a movie, I was excited to see how the story is adapted to the screen.
Could not stop reading this story. Riveting and unexpected turn of the characters, that I couldn't figure out what could posdibly happen next. Deeply suspenseful and psychological
I thought Gone Girl was very good. Had many twists which I like. Definitely kept me guessing  on what was going to happen next. Would recommend this for a good, interesting read .
Great, unseen twistsAmazing character developmentBrilliant narration and voiceAnyone that likes suspense needs to read Gone Girl before Hollywood ruins it.
This book was so well written and intense the whole time. I couldn't put it down! I wasn't sure what to expect from the ending but I thought it kind of fit these two crazy people.
I really enjoy the story line wasnt so keen on the way it ended , was left abit in the air one can only sumise how their lives would have turned out , but enjoy all the twists....
Gillian Flynn takes the reader on a whirlwind of curiosity, wonderment, love and hate for Nick and Amy. The reader will never predict how the story ends. A thrilling and fun read.
This was a crazy plot - I read it for hours on end because I was so sucked in. Highly recommend because its so different from anything I've read before and I couldn't put it down.
This was a complete mindfuck.Amy is utterly and completely insane,and it's just brilliant,I feel bad for Nick.Surprisingly,I was satisfied with the ending,because it makes sense.
Excellent book!!!!! It's been a long time since a book has captivated me from start to finish as intensely as this book did. So many unforeseen twists and turns! A must read!!!!!
The first part was a little slow and I almost gave up but then it got good... really good. If you want a page turner and to be confused and excited and scared... this is for you!
Great book! It kept me interested. I read it because of the reviews and will now recommend to all my friends. Once you start reading this book you will never want to put it down.
Loved all the twist and turns. I really appreciate the fact that all my questions were answered and then some. Its a much more intelligent alternative for the housewives to read.
Oh my goodness!! This is by far one of the best books I have EVER read!  It's full of so much suspense that will prevent you from putting it down.  I can't wait to see the movie.
I enjoyed both the mystery and the flawless writing.  I really felt I was reading about real people.  Unlike some readers, I loved the ending.  It felt authentic and challenging.
This book was definitely a page turner. It has so many surprise twists and turns you never know what's going to happen. I highly recommend this book and can't wait for the movie.
If you read only one book this year-this should be the one.  The characters are interesting,mutually destructive and crazy about destroying each other.  I want to see this movie!
I read this book in one sitting. This book is one of the reasons I prefer biographies. It read like driving passed a car accident, you know you shouldn't look, but can't help it!
This is a good holiday read, the book is well written with a quirky storyline, it was hard to put down , which is a compliment . Highly recommend this for a really enjoyable read
This was very good!  Another book I couldn't put down.  I couldn't believe the ending.  As soon as I finished it I picked up the phone to call my friend and discuss it with her!!
Great book. Yea, it's another fictional murder mystery but the way in which it is written...in two view points, each chapter makes you keep turning the pages.  It's excellent!!!!
This book was very enjoyable with tons of twists and turns. I loved the very clever plotting, terrific writing, and sustained suspense. This is the best novel I've read in years.
Gone Girl was absolutely captivating and an definitely a great read.  Gillian Flynn did a very good job of keeping you on edge while never letting you know what was to come next.
I tryuly could not put this book down! Is Amy amazing?  Absolutely! I am still amzed by her efforts. What a great way to spend my winter break, a little love, murder and mystery.
Flynn has put together an amazing book of hope, fear, weird twists and the psyche. Most of us will recognize some of our dark selves in Gone Girl. Now, it is time for the sequel.
I ordered this book because it was one of the top sellers and I was between books. I was not dissapointed. This book got me hooked fast and is an easy read the whole way through.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It is well written, creative, and very suspenseful. I could not put it down. Amazing Amy is one of the best characters I have read in a long time.
Fooled me.  Great twists.  Kinda makes you nervous about relationships. And wonder about electronic medias taking away actual print.  I can see it already. But I love my kindle!
A bit of a slow starter..and I'm not sure if I like the style of writing, but by the end of the book, it was very hard to put down. This book turned out to be a very good story.
I couldn't put it down.  It was so good it, I was going crazy waiting to see what would happen - Then I had to read the ending twice because it was such a surprise!  Great book!
This book is full of the unexpected.  A very clever plot and strong writing made it hard to put down.  I plan to see the movie and also read other books by the same author soon.
You get an antagonist and protagonist that is both man and woman, or vice verse, I can't tell anymore, and keep on reading until you find out who is going to get the last laugh!
OUTSTANDING! read this way before they made the movie. Definitely read the book if you haven't and after you see the movie and notice the differences in Hollywood from the book.
This book was great and it kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time. With a person like his wife was you don't need a friend and enemy she was both of those and a lot more.
What an interesting twisted story.  I had to really struggle to understand such a twisted mind.  Sorry it ended the way it did.  I really wanted Nick to get out of the marriage.
I was disappointed with the ending,  however. It kind of left you hanging. I don't have any more comments to contribute.  How do I get toSharp Objects? I put it on my wish list.
Very catchy  in the way the characters seem to be.  lst you want to side with the woman and then the man and then you are really ambivalent by the time you reach the final page.
This book was amazing but the ending left much to be desired.  Overall though- I couldn't put it down.  There was nothing predictable about it which is what I love about a book.
Definitely worth the time. Gillian Flynn has figured out all the twists and turns and ensures it all makes sense. A real page-turner. It kept my interest all the way to the end.
This is the kind of book that you are sad when you read the last page because you do not want it to end.  Griping and engaging on every page!  Now I am excited to see the movie!
The story itself is disturbing but the writing was excellent.  So many plot twists, not like a lot of books that you figure out after several chapters.  Now I can see the movie!
I downloaded the book to my iPad/Kindle and read it in four days and on the fifth day I saw the movie.  Very good book.  Twists, turns, salaciousness.  I was hooked from page 1.
What a story! I couldn't put it down. The writing is incredible. The descriptions are very original, and the plot twists and turns are completely unexpected. My mind is reeling!
Possibly, one of the BEST books I've ever read.  Would really like to see a sequel / Part 2 to 'Gone Girl'.  Too many things left unresolved.  The ending left me wanting more...
Best book I have read in a long time!! Not my usual genre but I could not out it down! I love all the twists throughout.. It keeps the reader guessing the entire way! Sooo good!
I don't want to give too much away but it is the kind of book that is worth reading before seeing the movie. great twists and good character development. I enjoyed it immensely.
This book was awesome. A crazy plot twist that had me jumping up and down. I highly recommend it it you like a good mystery and thriller. You won't be able to put this one down.
Great book!  Fast paced plot keeps twisting and leaving you guessing.  You think you know what's going to happen next and Flynn throws you for a loop again!  A real page turner.
Very clever unfolding of a riveting story with one unexpected turn after another. Easy to read and well sprinkled with insights about modern life and marriage. Hard to put down.
Love the twists and turns Of the story and hated the narciccistic characters. I have recommended to all my friends and can't wait to read it again and discuss with my book club.
This book had my emotions running.  It was different from what I expected in a good way. I can't say that I've ever read anything else similar to it.  A nice change.  Recommend!
Great book with truly surprising twists and fully fledged characters. Looking forward to reading more of this author's works. Hope the Gone Girl movie does justice to the novel.
This book is a good quick read.. you can not guess what is coming next. A good picture of a strange situation. Not too deep really but keeps you interested. A good holiday read.
Couldn't put this book down.  It kept you spellbound every minute.  Gave it to my daughter to read and she loved it also.  Would recommend it to everyone.  Great mystery........
Gone girl is an excellent read I recommend it to anyone who's newly engaged or who is a newlywed. No matter how much you think you know your partner the assumption can be wrong.
This book was so good that I could not put it down!  Every page was something unexpected.  It was one of the best reads in a long time!!!!  I will read more of Gillian Flynn!!!!
This book was so fascinating and entertaining (just don't read it if your questioning your marriage or your partner).  I couldn't put this book down and I'm hoping for a sequel.
i absolutely loved this book. very cleverly written.  the next day after i finished reading -it finally hit  me-- i am very impressed by the  the story and all the clues it gave
Dark and twisted, just the way I like it. Keeps you guessing until the VERY end. Loved it and can't wait to read her other 2 books. Yay for Gillian Flynn and her dark dark mind!
This was a joyride that would not stop long enough for me to get some sleep at night. These people were a neurotic trainwreck that I could not stop watching. Enjoy. I did.
A real page turner. Tried to figure it out along the way but never did. It really kept me guessing. Couldn't put it down. Well written. Will look for other books by this author.
The plot started out in one direction, then did an about-face.  The book is well-written, kept my interest, and kept me guessing.  I hated to put it down.  Definitely recommend!
Even though we have our elecronic devides to read books etc. on, I appreciate a paperback book at times.  Amazon has the best prices, and it is my ""go to"" place to shop.
I loved this book. It was unusual, intriguing and beguiling. Just when you think you have figured it out, it flips on you again. Interesting character development and interplay.
Watched the movie and enjoyed it so much that I wanted to read the book that inspired it, Was not disappointed, the book was a great read and kept you guessing to the very end.
Fantastic story.  I saw the movie first, but reading the book later was not a liability.  I could not put it down.  If you like a good suspenseful book this is the one for you.
The book was definitely better then the movie. Glad I read it before seeing the movie. Kudos to the author for a well developed story line that had me guessing to the very end.
Kept me on the edge of my seat waiting to see what was going to happen next.I recommend this book to anyone who loves a mystery full of suspense.Don't let this one pass you by.
It was hard to put it down.  I liked the way it is written telling the story from Nick's view and then from Amy's side.  However, I did feel that the end happened too suddenly.
Saw the movie first and it was great.  Therefor almost didn't read the book but was able to borrow it. Glad I did - it was well written and clever.  The author did a great job.
This was all about a marriage that went terribly a muck. Fast paced and intense from beginning to end. I would read another book by this author. He definitely had my attention.
I saw the movie first....excellent! Just finished the book and couldn't put it down, despite knowing the twists and curves. Gillian Flynn is a fantastic and mesmerizing writer.
It's a very good book filled with an amazing climax that leaves you hanging on till the end.  The book gives readers the options rather right or wrong to form their own thesis.
I have been looking for a book that was hard to put down once you start reading. I found it in Gone Girl. I will be reading the other two novels by this author now. Great read!
Daim!I dont usually read mystery novels but this was pretty engrossing. It was really f-ed up, but in a beautiful way. The complex characters were amazing. Great writing.
Excellent book!  Have not seen the movie yet, but will be looking forward to it soon.  It was an ""easy"" read, but the plot of the story was original.  Hard to put down!
Very well written book that will keep the reader's attention with all it's many twists and turns! It's no wonder this must-read book was turned in to a movie! Highly recommend!
I loved that I couldn't figure out what was going to happen next in this book.  I liked reading the different perspectives of Amy and Nick.  Well written.  Would LOVE a sequel!
This was a great read with twists and turn throughout. First you're worried then you're mad and then yet another twist. Very good and it even ends with an opening for a sequel.
This was a book I could not put down.  With each chapter, each twist and turn, I wanted to know....WHAT HAPPENS NEXT!  The characters continued to surprise me....Great mystery!
I could not put this down. Crazy character development, so well thought out, and suspense! Better have your calendar free because you'll be completely useless until you finish.
Gone girl has lots of twists and surprises. It is certainly not the ordinary love story. It keeps you excited and guessing until the last page. There needs to be a second book.
This is a book you will not want to put down. All the characters draw you in so that you finding yourself unsure of what and who to believe. A brilliant psychological thriller!
I don't really buy books but the previous reviews and the sample got my attention so intensively that couldn't resist. I wish I hadn't read it that quick. Totally recommend it!
very engaging, with clever twists. Not crazy about the ending, but it makes sense.very engaging, with clever twists. Not crazy about the ending, but it makes sense.
Very exciting.  Surprising.  Frustrating.  A good and clever plot.  I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries.  This book was recommended to me by my sister-in-law.
I couldn't put it down. .. It startled me up to the last page. Thought it was just a girl's novel. .. To pass the time. ... But it turned out to capture my attention completely
This book definitely kept my intersest and was a fun break from the business related books I typically read.  The story had a few twists and turns.  It was an easy, quick read.
You need to read this book if you are looking for some major twists and turns. I was addicted in the matter of pages and it was one of those books where I could no put it down.
I couldn't put this book down! Great dual perspective and glimpse into a husband and wife dynamic. I would recommend this to family and friends! I could not put this book down!
i bought this book soon after it was published and never got around to reviewing it.  obviously now it's caught on and you already know it's great.  cant wait to see the movie!
At each chapter I went back and forth liking and disliking the main character.  I have to say I was disappointed with the ending, but am anxious to see how the movie plays out.
Gillian Flynn sets the scene for a standard murder mystery, and then flips it on its head.  You won't want to root for anyone, but you won't be able to resist rooting for Nick.
This book was a thriller unlike anything else that I've read and I read a lot. Unexpected plot twists that will keep you guessing and an ending that will keep you wanting more.
This book is filled with twists and turns and is uniquely written.  I could not put it down.  Every time I thought I had it figured out it took a new turn.  Absolute must-read.
Hello. I do not normally read contemporary material, I'm more of a classics girl, but this book was soooooo exciting I am now going to read her other books. What a talent......
I hadn't read a novel in a while and was needing a quick, good read.  It was perfect. Good writing, nice interposition of character perspectives and parts of it still haunt me.
I think the presentation in two voices --  hers and his -- was what made this book so absorbing.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I liked the ending.  It left you thinking.
I absolutely loved this book! I don't want I give anything away so I will just recommend that you read it. The character development is fantastic and the plot keeps you hooked.
Very different approach to narrative fiction.  An absolute page-turner; could not wait for the ending, but was sorry there wasn't more of this fine read. Do not miss this one.
Great story, not sure about the ending. The characters are deep and complex, the plot twists unexpected and unique. The ending was a little strange, but i def remained hooked.
This book is riveting up to the last minute.  The characters are so perfectly developed.  The plot line very ""twisty"".  One of the best books I've read in a long time.
I couldn't put this book down (and goodness I sure tried - I needed to sleep!). The book wasn't realistic, but it was written in an engaging and gripping way so I didn't mind.
Flynn has masterfully thought through every detail of this both thriller and chiller. Make sure you have time when you pick it up because you won't want to put it down. Enjoy!
Excellent story line, especially when you dislike both of the main characters.  The book was so intriguing that it was hard to put down.  Both my husband and I liked the book!
The character development is AMAZING! I love all the twists and turns; Amy and Nick quickly become the people you love to hate. They really do deserve each other (wink, wink)!
It's a book you can't put down! Talk about a real page turner here. Now on hopefully, to see the movie next. Happy reading!! :D. I look forward to reading Gillian Flynn again.
You may think you know what will happen but you won't even come close. I loved this book. But the ending leaves you a bit frustrated. It didn't really pick up till around 40%.
Gone Girl is a spell binding story!  Couldn't put it down!It's full of twists, turns, surprises and devious characters.  You can't identify the protagonists untill
This book had me from the moment I picked it up!!! At times I could not continue reading for fear of what I would read!!! But I could not stay away for long!!! Very good book.
Incredibly gripping novel telling the story of how two people can be living the same life, but see it in two different perspectives.  Crazy, engaging, thrilling!  A must read.
I could not put this book down. I love mystery's and this one did not disappoint, it kept you guessing all the time. I did not like the ending of the book....you want revenge!
The format of the story telling sequence.Amy's character.Logical sequence of events.Nick's helplessnessoverall a great book you never want to put down!
had a little trouble getting used to the ""switcheroo"" between story tellers but once got into it was unable to put book down.  Hated the ending but still a great read.
The book started out really slow! Was not sure I was going to keep reading it but I'm glad I did! It got to the good part and from there I didn't want to put the book down!!!!
Could not out this book down.  Just about when you thought you had it figured out, there was a new twist to the story.  Really an interesting read.  Would highly recommend it!
This book was better than I had anticipated! I cannot wait for the movie to come out! A touch predictable in the middle then BOOM you totally are like ""what the hell!
This book was suspenseful and engaging and keep me interested until the very end.  I highly recommend it for anyone that is a fan of crime novels or simply well written books.
This book caused me sleepless nights because I couldn't put it down. As I read it I thought, what a great film this would make. Then I found out Ben Affleck bought the rights.
Definitely recommend this book. It's so good and I was so sad when i read the last sentence! I never wanted this book to end. So many twists and turns you wouldn't believe it.
This was an amazing twisting, crazy book.  I absolutely loved reading it.  A real page turner!!!  But i don't think there should be a word total requirement for these surveys.
I love reading this book.  It's one of these books, you start reading and can't put it down.  After ordering I had the book within a few days.  Amazon is great for delivering.
One doesn't inhale this book simply because it is easy to read, although it is very easy to read.  It is intriguing, captivating, and solid to the end.  And the end.....oh my!
This is a great work of writting. How clever Gillian Flynn,  was , had me fooled at the beginning, then again and again. I would recommend this to men and women, what a treat!
While the book was slow to start, I was confident in this writer because I loved her other books.  Stick with the story because it is a twisting concept that boggles the mind!
I thought this book was absolutely fantastic. There were tons of twists ans turns that totally keep you guessing and intrigued the whole time.  Such an amazing thrill to read!
Well written and exciting crime/mystery novel.  I couldn't put it down.  I strongly recommend this book.  I read it in 2 days.
First book I have read in years,  I'v never been much of a reader but this kept me interested and wanting more immediately. I will definitely be reading another book of hers!
Read this in 2 days. I couldn't put it down...so thought provoking and good!!! It makes you question everything about love and who you really are and who you are really with.
I like the weird twists and turns of all of Gillian Flynn's stories.  This one had me guessing till the very end.  I am still wondering what finally happened to Nick and Amy.
Some of the darkest characters written in history. Jaw-dropping, intense, suspenseful, devious, and delicious.  As always, much more entertaining than the movie. A Must read.
This is a good book to read. If you liked the movie you will enjoy the book. The ending is abrupt and like most reviews state but I think it is much deeper than most realize.
Absolutely loved this novel.  I did not see the movie, but I kept picturing Ben Affleck as the male character.  A very different way to write - and quite a surprising ending.
I hadn't heard anything about the book,  nor seen the movie, when I read it. It starts a little slow, but by the end I couldn't put it down. It is not at all what I expected.
Wish there were more hours in the day to have read this. So many twists it kept me wanting to read more and never put it down. It doesn't turn out as I thought it would have.
kept my interest from beginning to the end.the time lines were sometimes hard to follow.the characters were complex one was deffinetly disturbed the other was no angel either
Rarely will you read a more brilliantly conceived story, complex, riveting, richly embellished, dark, gritty and filled with moments so real it seems more truth than fiction.
The novel is extremely clever and well written.  I applaud the author on being able to weave the many levels of deception and to draw the reader into Amy's world.  Well done.
It took me a little while to really get into this book, but once I did I was hooked! About a quarter of the way through I couldn't put it down. Definitely a worth-while read.
A spell binding novel with a few Hitchkockian twists. The book had good pace and well rendered characters. The plot was carefully crafted and obviously thoroughly researched.
Great story line!  I can't believe that someone would be so patient, yet Amy nails it!  She is truly insane, from her H.S. Years to the end of this book! She is truly insane!
An insightful look into the intimacies of complex relationships, family dynamics and sociopathology; will definitely get you thinking and looking forward to the next chapter.
Half way through I couldn't figure how this would end!  The entire book was about revenge---hers and his.  Who won?  The answer depends on the reader---could go either way!!!
Love this book. I can're put it down. Great character development. I'm a fan of  Patricia Highsmith and this book is as close to her style of twisted psyco plots as the best.
completely enthralled. I couldn't put it down. And when I had to go to work I would wonder what the characters were up to...what was going on without me...what was I missing?
Couldnt put this away, Amy is just an Amazonas character without scrouples. Hard to imagine how this writing process must have been - gong so head deep into a persons mind...
Once you think you have it all figured out, WHAM!!! This book had me from beginning to end! Awesome writing, I really felt like I could hear the characters voices. Well done.
Have only begun to read it, but look forward to every opportunity to be able to continue.  Interesting format regarding the description of their lives in every other chapter.
This book caused me to lose a good night's sleep. I couldn't put it down until I got to the very end. Twists and turns all the way through! It was worth the sacrificed sleep!
It was good - a psychological thriller and really crazy but enjoyed it.  Felt so sorry for the husband.Thank you Gillian for another great read!  Would recommend!
Just a great and satisfying read.  Amazing Annie is a character for the ages.  Gillian Flynn has spun an imaginative and entertaining read that keeps you guessing throughout!
The twisted plot, combined with alternating viewpoints, keeps the reader constantly wondering what what could possibly happen next.  Exceptionally well thought out storyline.
Loved this book from beginning to end. One of my all time favourite thrillers....I highly recommend all of her books. She's a stunning author, all are thrilling and engaging!
An excellent read that had me on the edge of my seat. Plot twists that completely change the roles of protagonist and antagonist. Original, well thought writing. A must read.
This was a roller coaster ride of a book.  The twists in the plot made this an exciting read.  I would recommend this book to anyone that likes face paced suspense thrillers.
This is one of my all time favorites. There are so many twists and turns I was on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book. The perfect thriller, I highly recommend it!
Well written, full of plot line twists. A real page turner and I could not put it down. Some people did not like the ending but I thought it was right. I highly recommend it!
Twists and turns that was scary good.  Surprised.  I didn't like the ending but definitely enjoyed the ride.  It was a quick read but not appropriate for young kids or teens.
Want to read more novels written by this author. Very suspenseful --loved the story line and how you were hooked right away. I found that I didn't want to put this book down.
Couldn't put this book down, the story was so good. Every time I thought I had this story figured out there was a new twist. Amazing writer, I would 100% recommend this book.
It took me a few chapters to really get into this book but once it took off, it was a page turner.Very suspenseful and I could not wait to read more.  Highly recommend.
This book was one of the most addicting books I've read in a long time. I highly suggest this book to anyone who has a pulse.
Absolutely loved the book! A riveting read with unexpected twists in the plot and SO MUCH better than the movie :) I will definitely buy more books written by Gillian Flynn!
This book is a WOW!!! I never knew what was next and didn't want to put it down. I did not see what was coming in the end at all. I can't wait to read more by Gillian Flynn.
Fantastic. Such a well written plot. A refreshing look into the human mind and the twisted games people play. The characters are perfectly created to tell a brilliant story.
This is the best novel I have read in years. A great exploration of the roles people play in relationships, and what happens when on of those people is a ruthless sociopath.
I love this book with all the turns and twists. You never know what is next and just want to continue to knoe. Also all the messages to the real world are deep and well kept
Noir novel/love-hate story.  Combines suspense and psychological drama.  Makes you love/hate the bad guys and lose respect for the good guys.  Thought provoking page turner.
A real treat! Page turner with wonderful characters that keeps you guessing until the end. Gillian Flynn is a masterful writer and weaves a mesmerizing tale. Excellent work.
Very interesting story of modern love, characters and marriage. The author depicts today's woman very realistically and portrays the sorry state of marriage very accurately.
So many twists....It always kept me in suspense. It was not predictable, which I liked. I would recommend it to anyone....but warn them of the language. Would love a sequel!
Great prose, interesting plot, dynamic characters with several motives, and a controversial ending that will have you asking for more. This is hoe a novel should be written.
Well developed story--> couldn't predict the ending. I could see the characters in my mind. Glad I read the book before the movie to fully enjoy it. I really enjoyed it!
Gone Girl pulls you in, then just when you think you have figured out the story, makes sharp turns in an entirely different direction. Well crafted story and enjoyable read.
Amazingly twisted, you have a feeling what the outcome will be, but you don't!  With turns, unexpected twists and such fluid writing, this book was a can't put it down book!
I loved this book, it was captivating and suspenseful.  Amy Dunne is ruthless.... Nick Dunne is too intriguing and too masterful to let himself be played twice, but will he?
Wow! It has been awhile since a book caught and held my attention as much as Gone Girl. It will yank you one way and the other and where you end up is a surprise. Great fun.
Highly recommend to anyone that loves a good book. Starts kind of slow but stay with it, when it gets good, it gets really good! Has some twist. Worth the read, no question!
couldn't put this book down and it's not my usual genre............macabre and calculated..........what some people think they can do and get away with................
Amazing & intriguing! Flip-flopping narrative about a housewife's sudden disappearance and all that led up to it. Plot twists will have you hanging on the edge of your seat!
This book is a page turner.  Gillian Flynn is a terrific writer and she kept my attention throughout the story.  I loved it and will definitely be reading more of her books.
Wow. I really liked this book. There were so many twists and turns to really keep you reading to find out how this crazy at times story ended. I totally recommend this book.
This book captured my attention from the first page. Gillian Flynn's writing pulls you into the story and Its many twists and turns keep it suspenseful.  I highly recommend!
I am glued to this book.  I'm about half through it and I can't put it down.  Still haven't figured out the ""who dun'it"".It is getting more and more interesting and tangled.
I couldn't put this book down. I don't usually go in for thrillers, but this one was really well constructed and well written. It made me want to read the rest of her books.
This was a fantastic read! The story moved so fast and had some fun plot twists. The end was slightly disappointing but definitely a book to recommend and pass on to others.
Hang on to your seats. This is quite a read. It twists as much as the Mississippi River does through the plot. You will be surprised, happy, sad... emotional roller coaster.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat the entire read.  There were so many twists and turns.  The writing is fabulous.  Recommend this one for sure.  No question. Get it!
Whoa! I mean... Whoa..
A MOST compelling read...couldn't put it down.  Although I was disappointed in the ending.  Not what I was hoping for..darn!
The book started out slow but stay with it.  There are so many twist and turns. It was a page turner and enjoyed every page.
I watched the movie before I read the book (backwards, I know), but the book is by far better that the movie! The cunning, the twists, the first person insight...I love it!
I had the great fortune of not seeing this movie before I read the book. There were quite a few twists and turns. There was only one conflict in the plot that I saw coming.
Look: This book rules. Hopefully you've seen the movie by now (the movie was great) -- the book is better. If you haven't read it, just make your life better and get to it.
Overall, I found this book to be ravishing! Amazing Amy surely is a force to not be reckoned with. Being 3 steps ahead every time, Jesus christ.... Will Nick truly survive?
The story gets raw at time but it is riveting and worth keeping sensitivities in check and keep reading. I anxiously wait to see the movie. I also look forward to a sequel.
This book was unlike anything I've ever read. To hate both characters and still want to see what happens to them. Intriguing and a page turner. Now I can go see the movie!!
I loved this book, the characters are Frighteningly real, it was like reading dialogue between girlfriends of mine.  The story itself was so twisty, I couldn't put it down.
There were so many twists and turns, I actually could never guess what was happening, and I am usually one to guess really early on. Kept me interested all the way through!
I really liked this book a lot and now I can't wait to see the movie. It was very suspenseful, I couldn't put it down! Definately not predictable, I was shocked many times!
What a couple of utter and complete dysfunction. The lengths these 2 go to is unfathomable . Makes for a very tortured and torturous relationship."" Amazing "" story, indeed.
I reallytruly loved this book. I'm not very good at reviews but God this was mind blowing and Amazing! the movie was really good too but not quite the mind f u c k as this.
I decided to read it when the movie came out and there was so much publicity.  I loved it. There were so many twists and turns I couldn't put the book down.  Well worth it!
I couldn't put it down! It annoyed me to be interrupted mid sentence, paragraph, mid anything this book was page turning good! I aren't watched the movie but will for sure!
This book had me hooked from the first chapter! I always wanted to keep reading to see what would happen next. There were twists and turns I never expected... awesome read!
In the beginning I didn't like the style it was written in but I soon got used to it by the time you get half way into the story you just can't put it down an amazing plot.
Excellent plot and suspense. Story told with multiple first person prose. The plot was meticulously detailed and developed. I would be very afraid of this woman. Good read.
This book had so many twists and turns, and is written from two perspectives which I found fascinating. Would definitely recommend, even if you don't like murder mysteries.
Twisted, manipulative, selfish, despicable.  Not your normal psychopathic and sociopathic parents. Cannot wait to read more about Amy and Nick. I know who I am rooting for!
Gone Girl was an excellent read.  It was very well written and I highly recommend it.  A little disappointed with the ending but I can imagine how else it could have ended.
Brilliant he said-she said structure.  Flynn toys with readers sympathies as expertly as Amy manipulates everyone around her.  Couldn't stop reading til the very last page.
I love this book, I am re-reading it. I just love how she writes! I love the story. Once I am done reading it, I am passing it around my work so everyone else can enjoy it!
I have recommended this book to all of my friends. I am loving every book by this author and can't wait to read yet another book by her! Really interesting easy read books!
I couldn't put it down! A real page turner! What else can I say? Every good review you've read about this book is true. I'm starting to read Flynn's first two novels TODAY!
I am about half way through this book and it has surprised me a couple of times which I enjoy. The language is a bit rough, but overall I have to say that I am enjoying it,
Great book, a real page turner. It has been a long time since I have had a book I couldn't put down. I like the way the author writes I would read more books by this author
Great book!! Lots of twist and turns. The author did a good job of keeping you on the edge of your seat. Just when you think you know, NO YOU DON' T !!!!!  Highly recommend
Devoured this book during a beach weekend.  HIghly recommended from a friend, and I have also passed this novel along to others ... who have equally enjoyed this book. A+++
I could not put this book down!  I was hooked from the beginning, and though the ending is a little hard to take, it was totally worth it. Great for book group discussions!
I found this a novel that was difficult to put down. The multiple story lines and perspectives intertwined to present a story with several twists. It was an enjoyable read.
Real page turner.  Couldn't put it down!  Recommend it highly.  Best book I've read in a long time.  I hope this is made into a movie.  Love to see this on the big screen!!
Can't put it down! Just when I think I understand the characters... another twist is added. It is very entertaining with Flynn's engrossing characters and style of writing.
This book is amazing! There are twists and turns in every chapter. You will definitely leave wanting so many questions answered but being too terrified to know the answers!
I don't normally read suspense novels but this one was excellent. I didn't know from one page to the next what was going to happen. I loved it and can't wait for the movei.
This book encompasses me until I finished! I don't think I've bombed through a book in my life as quickly as I did with this book. I could not put it down until I finished.
This book is full of unexpected plot twists and turns. The ending was great and unexpected. I read the book in one day. I'll definitely pick up Gillian Flynn's other books!
This is a fantastic read! Just make sure you stick it out all the way to the end. It took me a couple of months to read the first half, a couple of days to read the second.
Twists and turns I didn't guess ahead of time.  Interesting story and well written.  Having it on Kindle is a definte plus.
Fantastic, exciting story! I had a difficult time putting this book down which honestly does not happen often! A must read!
The book is even better than the film, more intricate, better character development.  I have read it twice and will read it again.  Highly recommended without reservation.
A true page-turner.  Emotionally graphic. Entertaining.  Even when it goes out on a limb, the climb out there is compelling, astonishing and credible.  Highly recommended.
Twist and turn after twist and turn. I did not see this book going where it did at first. I've never read anything like it. I will be picking up her other two novels asap.
Racy thriller. Twists and turns plenty. Tends to get somewhat artificial towards the end, but this does not distract from the plot. Watch the movie after reading the book.
LOVED THIS BOOK! Read it on my beach honeymoon and it was hard to put down. A great read that throws numerous twists and turns a you, cant wait to read other books by her.
What a book !!! I could not put it down. Great plot and even better ending. I won't spoil it if you haven't read it but trust me, it's a blockbuster for very good reasons!
Wow. I had to force myself to stop reading this several times because I had to get some sleep. Mind. Blown. Not sure the movie could match the intensity of this book. Wow.
Very intense!  Got to a certain point in the story and I could not put it down. Stayed up until 5 am until I finished it.  It's a good think I wasn't working the next day!
Without giving anything away, this book is just insane. Completely a great read that will make you pick sides. I would appreciate a different ending, but it is what it is.
Had me hooked straight away. Spent the whole weekend reading it cover to cover. Loved the plot surrounding two narcissistic people who were obviously made for one another.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat, gave me nightmares, and then kept me guessing some more - I couldn't put it down. Looking forward to seeing the movie to compare!
This novel is spellbinding! I saw the movie first and was glad I had not read the book first. The movie did not dimenish the book's impact. I was hooked by the first page!
Loved the writing style--two stories that eventually collide. Left me unsettled and unnerved. Also saw the movie which was written by the author--was not a disappointment!
This book had me questioning everything every step of the way. Intelligently written, this is n not your typical mystery. ""Amazing"" is the only word to describe this book.
this is the best book that I've bread in a long time. the plot and characters were riveting.  It was full of surprises and kept me wondering what would hap p england next.
Great suspense novel! Kept me on my toes throughout the book! I had to keep reading until the end and still could not believe it! I am team Nick and just still in shock!!!
Full of twists and turns, surprises around every corner. You think you know the ""Gone Girl"" and her husband, but do you really?!? Can't wait to see the movie soon.
Excellent reading for anyone who likes intrigue and mystery ~ definitely not run-of-the-mill.  This book keeps you on edge with many unpredictable.  I highly recommend it.
It follows back and forth from his perspective and her perspective following a missing wife and the police investigation leading to the husband being the possible suspect.
This is probably one of the best stories I've ever read. Every detail, every word every page is woven together and like a good movie, don't blink or you'll miss something.
I loved this book! I never wanted to put it down! The authors approach to telling a great story, filled with twists was very effective! I would highlt recommend this read!
A rather different scenario (for me at least) with lots of plot twists and turns. Fascinating how controlling married couples can become. Well plotted and lots of reality.
This started out a little slow for me.  By the time I was a 1/4 of the way through, I couldn't put it down.  Lots of twists and turns until the very end.  LOVED this book!
This is one of the best books I have ever read!!! There are 2 other books by this author and I also rate them 5 stars. These books keep you in suspense until the very end.
Great read, kept my attention with all the unexpected turns!  The end was very surprising, but it could not have ended any different.  Looking forward to seeing the movie.
Different than any other book I've read! This is the first book we read in our book club, and it was mixed reviews. It all depends on the reader and what you like to read.
Took a chapter before I was pulled hooked and then couldn't put the book down. So great when you have an author who writes so well and you're driven to solve the mystery!!
I liked this book.  I think I knew what was going on very quickly though.  It was a good read and I'd recommend it.  I just found it to be easy to guess what was going on.
Very cleverly written, suspenseful. Hard to put down.  I would highly recommend. Actually looked forward to reading it and chose doing that over other usual entertainment.
Without giving too much away this book is amazing. I stayed up all night reading it, couldn't put it down. I don't usually like thriller's but this was different. Read it.
Awesome book! I love the writing. Very reminiscent of Fitzgerald. The characters we rich and very life-like. It will keep you on the edge of your seat. Highly recommended.
From the time I opened this book, it caught my attention. I loved it. I found myself reading it during work because I had to know what happened next ( don't tell my boss).
I could not put it down from the first chapter.  I loved that the author alternated between the two characters' perspectives.  The book was unpredictable and a great read.
This was a fascinating story with all the twists and turns of a good novel. I like a book that I cannot figure out the ending until the ending takes place and this was it!
I loved this book. I don't think I have ever read a book so fast in my life! I liked reading the different perspectives. I would definitely recommend this book for anyone.
A marriage gone bad, a wife gone.  This book is a look into a marriage gone bad with twists and turns that keep the pages turning.  I could not put it down.  A great read!
The book is extremely well written and holds you in suspense.  Great read with several plot twists.  I can understand why it remained on the best selllers list for so long
Wonderfully written  whodunit that leaves you wishing for more. I'd guess that Gillian has loved and hated someone at the same time in her life, as have we all...I think!
This book was totally engrossing. I couldn't wait to get to the end. I was a little disappointed in the end but when I thought about it is the only way that it could end.
If you like twisted and suspenseful, then this book is for you. This book is most excellent and I highly recommend it. Make sure you read this before you watch the movie.
Great writing; good suspense.  The main characters are truly well planned and developed and you will learn to hate them over the course of the book.  Hard to put it down.
Couldn't put this book down. It had me guessing all the way to the end!!! Amazing Amy is something else, and I doubt Nick will ever measure up. Twists & turns all the way
A well written story with many twists and turns.  It keeps your attention throughout the book.  The ending makes you wonder where these people will be in another 5 years.
Hard to get started on the book.  After a few chapters could not put it down.  Ending was not what I expected.  Would recommend to any one to read the book.  Man or Women
The book has more twists and turns than any book I've ever read. The method used to tell the story is very clever. I look forward to seeing if the movie is as we'll done.
I just reread Gone Girl, and it is just as engrossing and horrifying the second time around.Gillian Flynn has mastered the art of creating believable, beautiful monsters.
I couldn't put it down. I read through the night. Reading drifting into sleep, waking & reading until I finished the book. Only to gasp at the last sentence! A must read!
Kept you guessing the whole time and totally had my mind reeling! Loved it and being from Missouri it was cool for places I've actually been to be big parts of this book.
This book is great it keeps you interested and on your toes. The first couple of chapters are boring but once you get through them it's great. Can't wait to see the movie
loved it. i am no fan of suspense, murder, mystery and yet this book was fantastic. There is actually a story, a captivating one, regardless of the mystery......fabulous.
Dark, twisty, and absolutely perfect. I could not stop reading, even though I was pre-spoiled and knew what was going to happen, it still gripped me from start to finish.
Held my interest through out,,,would definitely recommend it, I was not quite sure where it was taking me or what was going to happen , just the way I like my mysteries,,
Evokes strong emotions. I don't know that I can read another of her books for awhile, though. A very interesting use of both individual and group psychology in a mystery.
Excellent imagery, language, logic....characters are keenly manipulative and selfishly evil. Unfortunately, what makes it a page- turner is the fact that it could happen.
I could not put this book down! Especially once I reached the second half of the book. I don't want to give anything away so I'll just say I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
I thought it was extremely well written. I enjoyed every page. The characters and plot were fully fleshed out, well crafted. I will definitely seek more from this author.
I did not want to put this book down. It could have been a little longer read, and I did not like having to read parts of other books at the end, but I did like this one.
For a first time reader of Gillian Flynn I was hooked after the first chapter. A story written from the male and female perspectives, it kept me captivated! A great read.
A compelling read. A page turner until the very end. I like her raw characters and writing style. It kept me thoroughly interested and ready to read the other two novels.
This was tremendous.the story line took you on a terrific ride. The characters were brilliantly developed.The way the story was told was suspenseful and intriguing.
I am on vacation and could not put this book down.  The twists and turns were expected from the onset but not the insight into the work a marriage takes, makes or breaks!
By the time you finish the 1st 4 chapters you can not put this one down!  I kept wanting to sneak a peak at the ending but don't do it---that would ruin a wonderful read!
I really loved reading this book. I never expected the twists and turns that were in store. Gillian Flynn created a book that kept me engaged and really got into my mind!
Great read and I passed it on to my daughter to read.It was an intriquing trip back and forth.  Couldn't wait to get to the end to find out if he killed her or not.
This book was recommended to be by several people, of different ages. Both my retired friends and my daughters, loved it. I recommend this book highly. A really good read
This book is so well written. It keeps you involved from the first page! More twists and turns than the Monaco Grand Prix!
this book was full of twists and turns.  the bad thing about reading it is that it is hard to find another book this good.
Brilliant book ... very hard to put down.  Complex characters that had you guessing every step of the way.  I can't wait to see how close to expectation the movie fares.
Great book that starts a little slow and quickly speeds up.  Very suspenseful and twisted at times and always interesting.  Wonderful study into the mind of a sociopath!
This book had me hooked within the first paragraph. It's well-written and the characters are really very different than anything I've ever read before. Highly recommend.
This book was very surprising...so many twists and turns..I have never read a book where I kept going back and forth between characters to root for..a definite must read
Definitely a must read. Keeps you wanting more and guessing to what will next. If you enjoy reading or watching those crime stories then you'll really enjoy this book!!!
Well written and once you get to the middle of the book everything happens so fast you have to try and keep up. I would have never guessed the ending in a million years.
Gillian Flynn has an interesting writing style. Her multi-perspective style allows the reader to love (or hate all characters equally). It makes for an interesting read.
This book was awesome I could never put it down!! I have to watch the movie really soon and see what the difference it because the book is always better! Two thumbs up!!
Loved it. Now I must read another of the authors book. This one was awesome! I intentionally skipped the movie until I finished the book. Now I have to wait for the DVD.
read it after having seen the movie. I wanted to see how the pace in the movie differed from the book. The book is outstanding. Great read. I will definitley recomend it
This a captivating story and one that is difficult to put down. The twists and turns are endless... I wouldn't be surprised if there is a sequel to bringing up Nick jr..
Wow....  I kept thinking  I had it all figured out... and I never did ....  the end is awesome ....  I finished the book 2 weeks ago .... but think about it still a lot.
One of the best books I have ever read!  I could not put this down.  This is a must read!  Can't say much more, or I'd ruin the book for everyone who hasn't read it yet.
I would say this is Gillian Flynn's best book! I could not put it down. definitely recommend reading this book if you wanted a good thriller. I will be re-reading again.
this raring is well earned. this book holds your emotions and makes you root for one character than the other! When you read this book, you won't be able to put it down.
I couldn't put this book down! Yet, I wanted to savor the well webbed interesting characters and the twists and turns of the plot. Great read, look forward to the movie!
This is the most intricately and meticulously written books I've ever read. I literally gasped and yelled out loud while reading it. I want to read it again immediately!
I could not put this book down.  Its rare that a book surprises me with twists, but I didn't see this one coming at all.  Don't read it unless you can stay up all night.
Very captivating. I was entertained from beginning to end. I can't wait to finish the series. Definitely recommending this book to anyone who needs a great book to read.
Loved the story line. It keeps you guessing the whole time and throws in a lot of parallels for the reader to think about. I read the book in about 12 hours. Maybe 15...
It is a pleasure to read an interesting, complex plot which is so well written.The characters are complex but fleshed out in a manner with which I could emphasise.
The mystery of the story I liked best.The ingenuity of the plot I loved.I really liked the two main characters as flawed people and I wanted them both to win
This book grabbed me and would not let go! It gave me so many emotions!  Happy then sad, angry then sorry, and scared me...all at Once! . Loved it from beginning to end!
Excellent reading! As all Flynn books...Gone Girl is a fast paced exciting read. It ended too early....I seriously cannot wait til her next one.  Love Gillian Flynn!!!!!
Best book I've read in a long time! couldn't put it down and nearly read it in one sitting.  Well-written and full of twists and turns...a great physchological thriller!
Loved the book, never saw the end coming! I don't usually see the movie after reading the book but I may give Ben Affleck a try in this one. It was a big book group hit!
Great read - I loved how you could root for and hate the main characters at the same time.  Wasn't sure how it was going to end, and I think the author did it perfectly.
Not a book I'd normally read, but WOW, what a roller coaster of a read it is ...  almost got whiplash from the twists & turns. I could NOT put it down once I was hooked!
Best book I've read in a long time. Excellent psychological mystery with lots of surprises. Fast pacing and excellent writing made this the best book of the year for me.
The setting is a 5-year wedding anniversary when the wife suddenly comes up missing. Police are focused on the husband and the story begins. This book is so much more than just a who-done-it. In all honesty, there was not a character in the book that was a GOOD character. Everyone had their flaws, weaknesses and secrets -- perhaps that is what made this book so captivating. A very deep, well-thought out plot, this story takes you through the lives of two individuals (and their families) all struggling to find out who they are, how to break from the past while trying to keep their heads above water, financially and emotionally. This book was a roller coaster ride to say the least and in the end there was no GOOD guy, just an appropriate justice for the crimes committed. Be sure and find yourself some quiet time to read this, because you will NOT want to be interrupted. I think this book has the makings of an excellent movie. A must read!
Well done with lots of twists and turns. Sometimes hard to follow with the lies, lies that are often hard to detect. An incredible story, well written, even believable.
Psycho-thriller.  Could someone really pull it off?  A captivating read- think Presumed Innocent. A friend recommended I forget about seeing the film version.  I agree.
I could not put this book down. I wanted to find out more about the complex characters. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a suspense thriller.
Excellent fiction.  I was completely engrossed from the very first paragraph.  Lots of twists and turns kept the plot interesting.  I tore through this novel in 3 days.
Absolutely loved this book! It had me on my toes and made me feel several emotions as I read it. A good book can take you on a roller coaster of emotions! Sequel maybe?
Great story and keeps you guessing. Hard to feel sorry for either character and unbelievable story. The ending was a little lame--really wanted a definitive conclusion.
Kept me on the edge of solving it and challenged me right up to the end.  Smart.  I like this kind of book and cant wait to see if the movie does it justice!  Fabulous!
This book is surprisingly clever and so unpredictable! I loved reading every single word! I'm actually sad that I finished the book. Would read it a million more times!
Best book I've read in a long time!  Hated to put it down and didn't want it to end.  Enjoyed it so much that immediately downloaded another one of this author's books.
Read this book. It's an excellent crime novel that centers on one very troubled marriage. You won't be able to put it down and you'll talk about nothing else for days!!
This book completely monopolized my vacation but in a good way!  My emotions towards the characters ran the gamut, and I could never quite predict what was coming next.
Now I know why this book has been so popular.  A story full of twists and turns and dark humor.  I read 2-3 books a week, and this is the best I've read in a long time.
Recommended by a friend who loves to read.  This thriller is wonderful with a twisting plot and insightful narrative from both main characters.  I couldn't put it down.
Really enjoyed this book kept me turning the pages, very good story, liked the way it ended too, you wanted it to keep going to find out what was going to happen next!!
5 stars. Simply put: this was a page turner. Just when you are a certain you've figured it out... you realize you haven't... and a new thrilling puzzle presents itself.
This book was amazing! I could not put it down. I even held my breath as I was reading it. It had such a deep plot. My head is spinning! I definitely suggest this book!
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn is an amazing mystery and character study that keeps you off balance all the way through. The reader is never prepared for what happens next.
This is one of the best mysteries I've read in 5 years. This is possibly one of the most suspenseful books I've read in 5 years. This is also one of the best psychological thrillers I've read in 5 years. It also contains the least appealing, most obnoxious characters I've encountered in 5 years. What a great read.Aside: Do yourself a favor, however, if you are seriously considering this book - STOP READING REVIEWS and buy it before you run into a spoiler that really spoils it for you!Back to my review: With more than 2,000 reviews, I don't need to recap any plot details, and I sure as heck would hate to provide any spoilers, but I really, really loved this book. If there was any flaw, it was that a couple of characters were a bit thin. That's as brutal as I can get. There is nothing easy about reading ""Gone Girl"" but the author is a genius and a pretty awesome writer. Excellent book. I want a ten star button.
Great read, could not put it down.  I would start falling asleep and push myself thru just one more chapter because I had to know what happened next.  Truly addictibe.
I thought this story was riveting!! I couldn't put it down. I'm not sure how I feel about the ending but still a must read. I would see the movie also just to compare.
I bought this book after seeing a great review on Good Morning America. I read the entire book but was let down by the ending. I have no intention on seeing the movie.
I just finished this book and am sitting here with my mouth hanging open! Amazing Amy & Nick are quite the pair. Well written with surprising twists throughout. Great!
I liked the book - the lead characters were not what I would call role models.  Haven't seen the movie yet but I was not surprised that a movie was made from the book.
I liked this story very much. It wasn't the typical Everyone Lives Happily After plot. The twists and turns were well though out and believable. I never lost interest.
Wow!! What a wonderful book! I haven't read a suspense novel with so many  twists and turns; that has kept me in such suspense, in such a long time! Thank you Gillian!
one of the best novels; I've read this year.  Just heard it is a movie too.  I would recommend this book to everyone.  Very cleverly written and a real nail biter too.
This woman is truly the definition of a crazy b!tch. I'm sure a lot of people can relate to a crazy girl/guy they have dated. Well written. Can't wait to see the movie
Fascinating book.  Well written.  Hard to put down.  Scary relationships among all characters.  I imagined a different ending but Ms Flynn's ending is a good one, too.
I never saw it coming. Didn't expect any of the events. Kept me on the edge of my seat holding my breath. After I hit half way through, I knew I had to finish it ASAP!
It took a bit of dedication to get into this novel, but once there, I could not put it down.  I don't know if I'll see the movie but the book is probably better paced.
I'm an English teacher, and a lot of books are predictable. This one was NOT. Great writing, super creative plot, great read from the first to last page. What a story!
Love this book! I can't wait to finish it but don't want to finish coz I don't want it to be over. The writing is clever and engaging, keeps me on the edge of my seat.
I lost a lot of sleep over this book because I could not put it down at night. It is a great book and I recommend it to anyone looking for a good read, male or female.
This was a good read.  Going to see the movie to see if it is as good as the book.  The movies never are.  In the movies you don't know what the character is thinking.
I was constantly surprised by the twists and turns in the book. I was shocked by events that occurred and did not want to stop reading to see where the story would go.
Keeps you in knots, first leaning one way then the polar opposite.  Reading this book is like really living through the characters, not just one but both of them..Wow!
I don't think I've ever read a book that's gotten me so angry in the middle before. It was an amazing read. I loved it, And had an extremely hard time putting it down.
Excellent. You never really know where it's going. And the author is very good at capturing different perspectives. I was totally perplexed all the time. A GREAT read!
This book is amazing (yes, I did use that word!) The best read I've had in a very long time. It keeps you on your toes wondering what happens next... Hard to put down.
If you're headed to a beach for a few days, pick this one up! You'll be finished before the plane ride home, as Gillian Flynn will not allow you to put this book down.
This book was amazing.  A must read.  It had me guessing the whole time, even though it was written in a way that made you feel like you ""knew"" the characters.
This book was simply gripping, a roller-coaster of betrayals and compromises that kept my interest throughout. One of those books you have to wolf down in short order.
Amazing twists & turns...a story of love and revenge.  Throughout the story, the reader is continually surprised at how the story unfolds.  I really enjoyed this book!
Loved the writing and want more Flynn, Excellent pacing and character development but I sort of resented being manipulated into caring so much about such a psychopath.
It was most entertaining!  Everyone that has read it, really enjoyed it.  A very different ending.  You really don't know how it is going to end until it is presented.
Like I said, I love suspense and mystery. Gillian Flynn, who I had never heard of, is an excellent writer. I will definately purchase more of her novels in the future.
I'd recommend this book - especially to people in relationships and/or married.  I can't wait to see the movie.  I just ordered ""Sharp Objects"" by same author.
Fun suspenseful study of a disfunctional couple. Loved the characters, the plot not the ending. It was as though the author had a hard time figuring out how to end it.
Psychogical page -turner. Nothing got done last Saturday until I finished the book. It makes one wonder who that person sitting across from you at breakfast really is!
I found the book refreshingly different from others in the genre. A great read. The plot is fast moving and unexpected.
As a male, this is a scary book.  Wife loves it.  I saw the movie and loved it.  Still struggle with the ending...males don't trust females who act like this.  Scary.
This is my favorite Gillian Flynn novel. I hear they made this into a movie. I want to see it but it probably not as good as the book. It's a very entertaining story.
This one keeps you guessing... Wondering, just what will happen next!!  Glad I read the book.  Now perhaps I will seek out the movie.  To see if it can do it justice!
This book kept me guessing. Just when I thought I had it figured out, I would realize I didn't. I suppose you must read this book if you intend on watching the movie.
I feel think I'm the last person to read this but, if you have not read it, buy it.  You may find yourself reading just one more chapter late into the night as I did.
Gone Girl makes for an amazing read!! The charcters of amy and nick are very well etched. I was just hooked to the book. I hope the movie is half as good as the book.
Excellent  story with many twist and turns; loved it but did not love the ending. Please understand, however, I am not the author so I do not get to plan the ending!!
Great twists and good switching between characters. Read it twice and liked it each time. Because I knew the ending the second time, I was able to catch more details.
Well written with excellent character development. The story kept your interest throughout all the twists and turns. I'm not surprised it became a best selling novel.
Gillian Flynn's writing is exquisite and rich, very rich. Her metaphors and precise language provide a richness that parallels the cleverness of her style. AMAZING!!!
This was a book I just couldn't put down. I had to find out what was going to happen next. And after I rea it I continue to think about the story and all it involved.
Kept me engaged.  Couldn't put it down.  Creepy story.  Reminded me of Psyco and Fatal Attraction.  However, after reading the book I have no desire to see the movie.
I read this book a year or so ago and now that the movie is out I decided to read it again. Can't even think about doing that with most books. But this one is great!!
Could not put it down!  I love the way it was written in his and her narrative. It keeps you wanting more. I wish I still had more to read. Can she write a part two?!
This book ended in the opposite way I wanted but man, was it addictive! Going to see the movie tomorrow. How can that even be done?? So many twists and turns! Yikes!!
It was a little slow moving at first, but good enough to keep reading. I am so glad I did!  What a crazy, suspense roller coaster ride!  Can't wait for the next book!
Thoroughly enjoyed the book. Very disappointed in the ending.I got the feeling that the author either lost interest or couldn't figure out how to end the story.
This book was amazing! The story of Amy and Nick Dunne leaves the reader loving and hating both of the main characters in the book! this book is a definite must read!
A rivieting  psychological thriller that entertains and horrifies.  These are people you do not want as your neighbors or coworkers but are fascinating to read about.
I read this book along with 4 friends from work.  We all really liked it.  It was hard to put down once you began reading.  A great book.  I think you'd like it too!!
Must read, bought her other two books it was so good! Love this author. It is dark reading so if you like humor, drama or happy story tale books, this is not for you!
Awesome book! Took a couple chapters to get into the flow of back and forth between husband and wife and time frames, but once I got into it, I could not put it down!
Half way into this book you think you know where it's going and then BAM, you were wrong and this book find a way to keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time!
Twists and turns and great dialogue. Wonderful character development. Our book club is already talking about our opinions on this book before we even meet this month!
I had difficulty putting it down. Intricate plot, great character development, an insightful psychological thriller. A great read on the beach, or long winter nights.
This was a selection made by my book group, and I'm certainly glad it was chosen! From one moment to the next, I never knew what was around the corner. Great book!!!!
This book is a real page-turner with surprising twists.  It is well-written, and the characters are interesting. The reader will wonder what will happen to them next.
Loved the twists and turns and character development.  Interesting psychology of family interactions and personality types .Suprise ending was Really a surprise, too.
This book is extremely suspenseful with a huge twist that no one will ever see coming. In addition to the suspense, it was very well written  I couldn't put it down!
Even with the release of the movie in the past year and having a bit more of an idea about the plot than I usually would when reading a book, I couldn't put it down.
This book keeps you guessing quite often. I was disappointed with the sad ending, but not surprised.  This story is very well written throughout and reading is fast.
I haven't read a book in a long time that kept me up all night two nights in a row.  This book was addicting.  I was frustrated throughout and shocked by the ending.
Gone Girl is a wonderful novel  --  I was concerned because I had already seen the movie.  Have to say seeing the movie first did not cause me not to enjoy the book.
Couldn't put it down.  Many twists and turns.  Had to find out how it would end, and that was the discouraging part.  Wish the author had thought of a better ending.
This book was perfect! A little hard to get in to at the beginning, but I could not put it down after I did!! I cannot wait to see the movie now! Definitely 5 stars!
Could not stop reading!!! Surprise after surprise after surprise! The author keeps you guessing until the very last page! I will definitely read more of her books...
So many twists and turns in this story, it will certainly keep anyone reading late into the night.Anyone who likes a good mystery thriller will love this book!
Unbelievable twist and turns like none I've ever seen (or read). I won't elaborate other then to say shockingly diabolical. A must read. Can't wait to see the movie.
I would recommend this book, a strong original story. Well written, unpredictable, easy reading, unexpected finish. Well done, will explore more of the authors work.
Great read fast paced and fascinating. I couldn't put it down. I would recommend to my friends for sure! I'm looking forward to reading another novel by this author.
Gone Girl was a real page turner; I couldn't put it down. Gillian Flynn plays with your mind and poses the ultimate dilemma of how to outsmart a brilliant sociopath.
I couldn't put this book down. Not your average mystery. After finishing it, I immediately got hold of  another book by this author. This is a book not to be missed.
twists on twists.  I was literally slack jawed at times.  reads easily from a first person perspective telling a twisted love story.  you wont see it coming.  Enjoy!
This was a perfectly drawn story of two people who meet, fall in love and never really know one another.  The ending leaves you believing there is more to the story.
I really enjoyed this book. Really kept me interested the whole time. I loved how it would alternate each chapter between Nick and Amy. Very different and thrilling.
The writing is thick and rich with detail.The storyline is twisted, unique, and surprising.This book invaded my dreams and therefore deserves five stars.
I waited almost six months to buy this book and I found I can't put it down. Ican't wait to finish it , there are so many twists and turns that you never see coming.
This book started out slow for me, but then I couldn't put it down! In the end I don't know who I even feel sorry for......not to give anything away. Fantastic read!
A fantastic read... i couldnt put it down... not your usual 'who dunnit' novel... i enjoyed the changing narrators and their perspectives....definitely a great read.
This author really 'jacks' you around with her characters.  You both love and hate the leads at different times in the book.  Could not put it down a truly fun read.
Loved the point of view changing constantly. She is very good at keeping the reader hanging till the next time the character came into play. Definitely recommend it.
This was very exciting, even better than expected. What plot twists!! And the ending was truly unexpected, although somewhat contrived and unrealistic. A fun ride!!
I can't think of a single criticism worth making. I was completely engrossed from start to finish and sad to have the story end. Brilliantly woven and well written.
I really enjoyed this book.  I had already seen the movie so the major plot points had already been divulged but the book adds depth and more intrigue to the story.
kept me guessing· book is better than the movie, of course· fun spin on those who are always watching dateline and making assumptions - enjoyed her other books too·
This book captures the thrill, the romance, and the suspense. It brings up issues that every couple deals with to some extent. I cannot wait to watch the movie now!
The story of Amy and Nick Dunne is fast paced, suspenseful and just grabs you and makes you want that next chapter! I want to know what happens after the last page.
A story of a sociopaths revenge to get even...she doesn't really have a reason,nor does she care to have one.Exciting from the opening page till the epilogue.
This book is brilliant . The book was a little slow in the beginning and by the middle it really gets interesting.This is the best book I have read all year .
Completely insane. Nothing like I expected. I feel like I personally know the characters, and they are extremely complex. A very well written, whirlwind of a story.
I like the honesty that developed through there story.  The human condition for these two was Nicks journey of discovering who his wife was for better or for worse.
Couldn't put it downLots of twists and unexpected turnsJust when you think you have it something unexpected surprises youFun and unexpected ending
Wow just wow. Some sincerely messed up people and yet real reactions and emotions course through this book. Would anyone have done anything different in real life ?
Very well written. Interesting story with lots of twists.  Just when I thought I had it all figured out our surprised me again. Unexpected and different characters.
Great read!  Well developed, skillfully presented and lots of intrigue and drama.  I read the book before seeing the film and liked both. (Slight edge to the book).
Great mystery thriller with unpredictable plot twist and great characters- loved it ! Also some insightful dark parts, that resonate with all of us imperfect people
My first time reading this author and I am very impressed, well written, edited and a great intriguing story line. Dont hesitate to purchase. You are sure to enjoy.
Great book. It keeps you guessing until the very end. I highly recommend this book to someone looking for a story that likes the unpredictable story. Two thumbs up!
This is one of the better books I have read lately. Great character development. The author has you drawn to and then away from the characters in such good fashion.
it is a quick read because you just can't put it down.  The story continues to unfold throughout the book giving the reader a fun ride through the twists and turns!
This book kept me in suspense through the whole reading. Just when I thought I knew what was happening and who was doing what, it changed and I was surprised again.
This book grabs you from page one.  I loved every minute of it but I thought the last chapter kind of rushed the ending.  I guess I just really wanted it to go on!!
This was a bit of a weird book.  Maybe I should say story.  I was not sure I liked the way it switched back and forth between the characters.  I did enjoy the read.
Loved the viewpoint of both parties. Very enjoyable read. I liked and disliked each character. Great discriptions of all characters, from their looks to mannerisms.
Great read...I loved the viewpoints..kept you reading and as trite as this sounds, you want to find out who done it..
Read this after watching the movie. The two versions of the story are very close to each other, but it was still worth the read. The writing style was just amazing
Even though I knew the general outcome due to the hype surrounding Gone Girl, there were times I was on edge, finding myself surprised. Holy s*** this was AMAZING!
Loved the book and the twist.  The details needed to plot the deceit was phenomenal.  I didn't want the book to end.  I want to see how Amy and Nick do after baby.
This was an excellent read. The twist and turns takes you for a unexpected and fascinating ride. The ending was well worth waiting for. Highly recommend this book.
After hearing from others that this book was good I knew I had to read it!  Words can't describe how good it really is! I hope you enjoy this book as much as I do.
Really good book. Kept you reading with many twists and turns. You think you know what's going on, then it changes. Not sure if I'm thrilled with the ending though
Truly an enjoyable read with many twists and surprises keeping the readers interest till the end.  Much better than the movie with much more detail and back story.
Well, I'll be damned...my OUT LOUD words after the last page are ""Noooooo....."" Couldn't stop reading, now want to start over reading it again...Noooooo...
Fantastic!!!!This is fabulously written and a fantastic read! I had trouble putting the book down. One of the best books I have read in quite some time
So good!!!  This entire book was so good, every turn of the page (or swipe of the finger) brought yet another crazy surprise.  I loved reading every minute of it!!
Oh my goodness I couldn't put it down!  Every few pages there was a twist or a turn!  It was one of the most disturbingly enjoyable books I've read in a long time!
Unique story using techniques that had me hooked from the beginning just the way the author intended! Giving the reader just the right insights for each character.
Amazing read and excellent screenplay.  Gillian Flynn is an exceptional author.  On her book ""Dark Places"" now.  ""Sharp Objects"" also well written.
This book was one that was difficult to put down. The author has developed two very twisted main characters in Amy and Nick. Perfect crime? The story goes on......
I loved the book!  Did not like how it ended. Just saw the movie.  As always the book is so much better, because of all the details that cannot be done in a movie.
This book is fantastic.....keeps you guessing throughout!I would have enjoyed a more conclusive ending, but maybe this leaves the door open for more to come!
I like that when I thought I knew the ending the story would take another turn. I'll read another Gillian Flynn book anytime and can't wait to check out the movie.
it's a literary game of twister!  mind is blown...if you're the type that gets annoyed when you don't guess the ending right, this book is NOT for you.
Homebound due to Surgery and 3 weeks of recovery reading has never been this amazing. GONE GIRL is an excellent read please know you will be wanting more..........
Loved it!! So many twists and very well written.  Love how she switches between his side to her side. Dont want to give anything away so thats all Im going to say.
Couldn't stop reading, will gladly reread... Just fascinating, twisting, really pulled me in. One of the best books I have ever read, and I've read a lot of books.
Interesting style.alternate chaptering adds volume and depth to the story.Unlikeable characters at every layer and they progress to more uncomfortable level.
Couldn't put it down!  Exciting and interesting---keeps you wondering (constantly). I like the design of the book and how you get the story from both perspectives.
Not at all what I expected and I loved it for that very reason. Definitely a page turner. Expect to lose some zzzz's staying up all night to finish. Well worth it.
This book was a turn off my usual reading but man oh man did it have me guessing. Looking forward to the movie and how the ending is re-written for the big screen.
After reading so many rave reviews I FINALLY read it! What intrigue. What bad girl fun! Can't wait for a movie....each main character would be a role to fight for!
I loved this book.  It was a very unpredictable and suspenseful story.  I guessed a different outcome 17 different times and none of them were close.  A must read!
Love love loved this book. The end totally pissed me off though.  But I would absolutely recommend it anyway. Excellent writing style..smart, fun, thrilling. Love.
This one would make a great little mini series. I'll be surprised if I don't see it on TV at some point. The twist was good and unexpected. I found it a good read.
I bought this book for my daughter-in-law, but I had read it previously and loved it. The twists in the plot just keep you reading. It was a hard book to put down.
The plotline had some disturbing nuances but there's no question the book held my attention and I had a difficult time putting it down.  Not sure about the ending.
This is a fast moving book and was kept my attention and I loved it.  It is not too serious and a great read for any time of year.  Would be a great vacation read.
Both my husband and I enjoyed this book.  Great story line with gripping details that made us want to continue reading until the end.  I would highly recommend it.
Edgy and well written.  The right ending for a wild ride.  If you are uncomfortable when things are not 'as they should be', then this may not be the book for you.
What a fantastic novel.  I was keep on suspense throughout the whole book and would recommend this to anyone who loves to read!  One of my all time favorite reads.
This is a thriller and a page turned and I liked it enormously. Well writtena nd plotted through directly as always.
There is a lot of plot twists and turn of events. This is a good book to understand how crime and marriage can connect. As well as work not so ever in your favor.
Totally engrossing. I never really knew what would happen next. I really liked the interplay of switching between the story as chronicled by both main characters.
If you enjoy suspense and believe that the world is not full of white picket fences and home cooked meals you will enjoy that there is somebody for everybody! LOL
If you have not watched the movie, read the book 1st.. It's twist and turns leave you wanting more!  Though the ending, left me feeling as if it were incomplete..
This book was amazing, to say the least. A real page turner (or finger-swiper). I wish it would have ended with Amy being undunne but I still thought it was great
Was so many twists and turns and no way could anyone guess the ending. Love that kind of book, even if you get mad at all the main characters throughout the book.
Lots of suspense and twists throughout the entire novel. What you think is going to happen never does It definetly had a surprise ending and was enjoyable to read
Characterization was fabulous; plot was superb; settings were absolutely credible. As a reader, I felt very drawn into events and totally disassembled at the end.
This book is an extraordinarily well-written page -turner. Gillian Flynn is brilliant. The book is fabulous. Very interesting but the ending left me wanting more!
took me a little bit to get into it in the beginning but once it picked upI could never guess what was next. this is a Great story. i can't wait to see the movie.
Did he? Didn't he? What an incredibly well crafted tale of love and hate within the bond of marriage! I dare you to read it and then take your spouse for granted!
It's a lot more than just a great Novel!  It's so very well written, that you can hardly put it down until the very last page.  I doubt a movie can do it justice!
Loved this book!!  I found pieces of myself in the best and worst of Amy.  Those pieces  we never admit to others or even to ourselves.  Gone girl is a must read.
Great read.  Full of twists and turns right up to the last page.  Very compelling and very disturbing.  It was hard to put it down.  My stomach is still churning.
Do yourself a favor and read the book before seeing the movie. The movie is good, but the characters just don't get enough time to become themselves in the movie.
It makes you look inside, study your own intentions, your own moral judgements, your own line of self-doubt. How can anyone go on with life as it was: Before Amy?
This book was amazing. I couldn't put it down and I was surprised every step of the way. It was a great purchase and definitely my favorite book so far this year.
Flynn kept my mind racing as I tore through the p..pa...well, tablet!! She threw me a curveball at the end though!! Can't wait to see her alternate movie ending!!
Frustrating, yet you can't  put it down.  Just want to strangle the characters at times!Gillian Flynn.....what a story!  Would love to get inside your head!
Totally unpredictictable and creepy, leaves you with a shocked look on your face! Great great spellbinding story. Couldn't stop reading but didn't want it to end.
Even though I didn't really find the characters to be that believable and that vindictive, the book kept me hooked till the very end. Quite a few twist and turns!
Also the writer tricks you dishonestly. Nick keeps saying/thinking things that imply he actually committed the crime. It doesn't allow you to suspend disbelief...
It is a page turner because you are always wondering what is going to happen next. The author does a good job of making the characters believable and interesting.
A. Surprisingly suspenseful story. Surprising turns in direction. Rather than character development,we read a slow demise of both characters. ultimately quite sad
I'm still recovering from the twists. Who is the devil? Who is the savior? You might figure about every 20% this changes. I now need to get some sleep.. If I can.
This whodunit will have you guessing page after page. I loved the way the author had each chapter alternating between the perspectives of the two main characters.
Gillian Flynn is so good at writing suspense stories that leave you wandering what next. I never did guess the ending of this book and it was so twisted! Love it!
A must read. I have recommended this book to all of my friends and family that like to read. I couldn't put it down. I read the whole thing in less than 48 hours!
I loved the originality of the novel. Many twists and turns will keep the reader on its toes. Easily one of the best books that I have read in the last 12 months.
This book is yet another of Gillian Flynn's work of art.  The plot is amazingly corrupt and twisted and keeps you guessing from the start, it is a wonderful read.
This book is written very well.  It moves fast, and it has any number of surprising twists.  The author provides a very original spin on an old theme.  Well done.
Amazing book - I'm a wimp with suspense however it was not scary just fascinating, fast paced & keeps you guessing!  Clever - looking forward to seeing the movie!
loved this book, couldn't put it down........wasn't what I expected, really different story and ending....great author! I would read more of his work - definitely
This is a great book! I love reading on my Kindle. It was on my Kindle within seconds of purchasing it. I haven't finished the book yet but I highly recommend it.
Gillian Flynn is now my new favorite author and Gone Girl is now one of my favorite books!  I was on the edge of my seat, yelling at my book like a crazy person!
I give it five stars it was the great novel all the way to the end and they had seen even the special mystery at the very end that I could not very never predict
Flynn crafted a masterpiece of twists and turns in a very fluid, fast paced changing points of view novel. Chilling, crafty, easy to read and shifty. Great read!
This was a very quick read - two days. I couldn't put the book down. Movie was pretty close to novel. Gripping, scary, unbelievable, nice twists, very enjoyable!
I enjoyed reading, and this book was great. Of course movie left so much out, even though the movie too was great. If you like these type of books, recommend it.
Even if you've seen the movie ready, this is still a great read. Flynn still had me dropping my jaw and 're-reading paragraphs due to shock. Brilliantly twisted.
To avoid spoilers, I will just say ... clever, creative, & captivating. Enjoyed!!Not sure I want to potentially ruin it and see the movie. We'll see.
Great character development. Lots of twist and turns and keeps the reader guessing. You'll find your attitude toward each character shifting throughout the book.
Very engaging novel to the point that I felt involved in the character's lives. It was filled with surprise and suspense all the way to the very end of the book.
I was certain at the half way point I knew exactly where the story was headed, and then BAM I was completely wrong.. A very good read, would recommend to anyone.
A good story, lots of twists and turns ~ it's the kind of book that once you start to read, you won't be able to put it down. At least that's how it was for me!!
I would recommend Would recommend everyone read the book before seeing the movie. The book clarified the ending of the movie which left you confused.
I read this book in 2 days, mostly on my phone! I couldn't put it down. The unexpected twist pulls you in and you can't stop reading until it ends. Awesome book!
Hard to put the book down. Well written thriller. I can only hope the movie will treat the book well. I hear good things though. My niece loved the tale as well.
some of the best writing I've 'lived through' in many years.  Flynn knows how to put cliffhangers in just the right place.  And I thought the finale was perfect.
This book is AMAZING. It was one of those books that you could not put down after you had started it. I would recommend it to my friends. You will be blown away.
Wow! This book was the most ""amazing"" read ever.  I read it all in one day, could not put it down.  The characters were so real it was scary, scary good.
I loved how the book went back and forth in time and eventually mergedEnjoyStay GoldMartyI will see the film soon. I pictured Ms. Paltrow
Awesome read,  very well-writren, and entertaining.  I would highly recommended this to anyone who likes a good thriller, or anyone who enjoyed her other novels.
So many twists, turns, and surprises! This thriller is a must read. There is not a good way to give a review without spoiling any of the twisted bizarre secrets.
Best book  I had read for a long time ////////////////////keeps u quessing to the very end Was nice get thro amazon cheaper price to my kindle Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great book! Slow beginning but awesome read. I would dear. Recommend this to people who like mystery, crime, deceit, love, suspense, and who done it kinda books.
This book was very good, it had you thinking a lot because there was so many ways it could go, but I did not like the ending I wanted it to end another way. LOL!
Hard to put down!  Clever and fast-paced from beginning to end.  Explores many kinds of relationships - more than just a who-done-it.  Great book club selection.
Wow.  Page turner.  I could not put this story down- I read it twice.  It's like watching a clever movie...you need to see it again in case you missed something.
Super suspenseful! Couldn't put it down! I loved watching both stories entwined and  unraveling at the same time.  I found myself changing who I was rooting for.
Not one boring chapter. Kept me guessing as I couldn't turn the pages fast enough. Loved how it was written from both a male and female perspective. Very clever.
Keeps you second guessing your own predictions.  You have to keep turning the page, because you don't feel like you have enough information to solve the mystery.
Great characterization, wonderful dialogue, twists and turns galore.  Looks like many people had problems with the ending; I thought it fit the book wonderfully.
I read it in 2 days. I just couldn't put it down!  The writing was superb and the plot thickened until the end - and here I sit with my mouth open, craving more!
Ever wonder how devious and deceptive some people are?  Well, read this book and find those adjectives on steroids. Loved the book. Couldn't put it down.  Enjoy!
I had relatively low expectations based upon the reviews, but found it spellbinding.  I can see how some would not like the structure, but I found it attractive.
This book was a little slow to get started, but kept reading. Many twists and turns.  I am going to download and read more of her books. She is a little twisted.
Gone Girl is crazy good. It seems like it take a while to get started. But pay attention. It all has meaning. A great who-done-it that keeps the reader gessing.
This story sure keeps your attention. WOW the different twist in the story.  A story for adults only.  This story was recommended to me by more than one person.
Crazy reading.  Didn't think I would like it at all or that it would keep me interested... let's just say my house is a disaster because I couldn't put it down.
Wow!  Enough plot twists to boggle the mind.  The story made the reader work through each relationship while keeping suspense in the forefront.  Excellent read.
This book will have you on the edge of your seat the entire time. It made me just wanting more...i couldnt put it down. But....im pissed about the way it ended.
Read over vacation in Cancun and could not put down. Lots of twist. I will wait for movie to come out on video and it will be interesting to see how it is done.
I found this story very intriguing yet strange and one has to keep reading to find out what happened. Very complex and interestingall the way to the end !
Wanted to read the book before I saw the movie.  I am so glad I did this, the book gives so muchmore detail on their story.  Great book, hard to put down.
A really good read with twists and turns, then ""the end."" I really wasn't quite ready for ""the end"" when it came. Look forward to the movie now.
Could not put this book down! From start to finish, I was hooked. Could not wait to see what happened to this interesting, twisted pair. I was not disappointed!
What an incredible book! I couldn't put it down. There were so many twist and turns that wasn't expecting! You won't be able to stop reading until the very end.
Wow! Can't wait to see the movie. The book started out okay, but took a twist somewhere in the middle and I couldn't put it down. Flynn is a very clever writer.
Read the whole book in two days. Loved reading two perspectives of the same scenes and deciding who to side with and root for as the story unfolds. A must read.
Very interesting. Didn't see the ending coming. Totally recommend it.Easy beach read for the summer. Well written and yet not a hard read. Easy go follow.
Good luck getting anything done the day you start this book. It is full of manipulations,lies and staggering plot twists. Good read. I can't wait for the movie.
Easy to read.  My sister suggested it and I was skeptical since I am one of those people that stick to the same author.  I was very pleased that I branched out!
This is a very well written psychological thriller that had me from the start.  I highly recommend this title if you need a great book that is a thrill to read!
It was a great story that reads fast and keeps you wondering what might happen next. An interesting look at a relationship that so uncommon in this day and age.
Dont read reviews about a poor ending! The ending rocks!!!!The characters, the susspense and the mystery all rock!!!Just get the book and read it!!!
i didn't want to put this book down.  it was like a train wreck from which i couldn't look away.  i needed to talk about the ending with others who had read it.
I am a frequent reader and I hate when books are predictable. I did not see the ending of this book coming or the middle, even. Keeps you guessing. A must read.
Delivered quickly, condition as stated.Always looking for a good seller to buy from, absolutley would buy again!Highly recommend!Thanks!
I absolutely loved this book.  Just when you thought it was going in one direction and you starting feeling sorry for Amy it quickly changed. What a great book.
A seriously twisted one-step-ahead-of-you book of intrigue and terror.  Highly recommend.  Jodi Picoult meets Stephen King; frightening.  I want more chapters!
I'm actually only about half way through and I don't want to put it down.  My husband read it first and can't wait for me to finish it so we can compare notes.
This was one of the most screwed up,  bizarre and twisted stories ever written! I vowed to read the book before viewing the movie. Now I am terrified to watch!
Well written... very descriptive interesting in style without being ""flowery"".Surprising without being unreasonable (for the most part).Great book!
Great suspense novel that is a fairly quick read! I would recommend it to those who feel like reading a book you don't have to really analytically think about.
Couldn't put it down with all the twists and turns. The author seamlessly went from different  character view points which made the storyline more interesting.
What an excellent purchase for my Kindle. This book has it all, mystery, suspense, love, hate, and always keeps you guessing. If you haven't read it, you must!
What an awesomely amazing roller coaster story.  Can someone really be this twisted and devoted to destroying another human?  Sadly, I believe it could happen?
Fabulous twists, a real page turner.  I wished the ending had been different... but it was so unpredictable that I decided it was, in fact, a very good ending.
This book/movie should be rated 10, 10, 10!!!  Best book I have read in a long time, and the movie was pretty true to the plot.  I loved them both.  Nice job!!
Twisted and wonderful and wonderfully twisted. If you like a book with constant surprises and one you can't figure out until the end, this is the book for you.
One of the best books I've read in a while. While I anticipated many twists, the ending left me wanting to know more.... But knowing more would ruin the story!
He took away chunks of me with blasé swipes: my independence, my pride, my esteem. I gave, and he took and took. He Giving Treed me out of existence.
This book has so many twists and turns I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next!  Honestly could not put it down. Just had to keep turning the page
The book had so many twists and turns.  You didn't know what was coming next.  You hated a character then you loved them.  Would have liked a different ending.
The book has a very interesting plot with many twist that you cannot predict the ending. I like the way it is rolled out as well showing her side and his side.
It's not often, as an avid reader for most of my life, that a book surprises me. This one absolutely did! It's great; not sure I want to see the movie, now. :)
I can't say I liked the characters in this book overly much - but boy did I keep turning the pages as the plot twisted and turned. Can't wait to see the movie.
Such a great novel!! I couldn't put it down, and when I did put it down I couldn't stop thinking about the story. I can't wait to read more from Gillian Flynn!
this book kept me guessing, racing to the next page for more- writing is clever and engaging and the story and characters are rich, twisted, complex. a winner!
It's difficult to write a review that won't ruin it for someone else. One should read this book without knowing or expecting anything. I could not put it down.
I enjoyed this book a lot it moved fast and kept me reading late into the night. I liked her style of writing, am reading another one of her books now.JR
Gullian Flynn is an excellent story teller! I loved this book and the way she thinks is amazing. The characters are right on. Good read would highly recommend!
This was such a great book. Everytime I thought I had it figured out, something else would happen to change my mind! I will be looking for more by this author.
I am sure glad I have a good marriage!!!!  Terrifying is the best word I can say.  Twists and turns....wasn't sure how it would end.  I think I enjoyed it (!).
I loved this book! MIND TOTALLY BLOWN! I did enjoy the great majority of it, except for the ending.  Bought the rest of her books and halfway through the next.
Exciting and suspenseful.  Thoroughly enjoyed the unexpected twists as the story developed.  Gillian Flynn is a great author, looking forward to more from her.
This is the first book I've read by this author and couldn't put it down. The characters are well portrayed and the end was surprising. Very glad I ordered it.
That book was crazy good. First you think it is the husband then you think maybe the girlfriend then possibly the dad. Then bam oh my goodness. Very good read.
Love Gillian Flynn and have read all of her books. While this is not my favorite by this author, I read it during the London Olympics and couldn't put it down.
Perfect.. I can't tell you how many things I neglected to finish this book. The twists and turns kept me guessing
The author had me convinced early in the story how this book was going to end (don't want to give away too much).  Hang on to the book, you are in for a ride!
This is truly a fantastic book . The craziness  from Amy the manipulation....... the suspense I couldn't put this book down. I hope the movie is just as good.
Great book, easy to read, better than the movie in my opinion.  My picture of the characters in the book did not match who played the characters in the movie.
I just finished reading this story. I liked the way the plot developed. It built up to a surprising twist.  I recommend you read it. I know you will enjoy it.
I watched the movie but the book is much better. Excellent rendition of a psychotic female. Makes you wonder what would be next if there where to be a sequel?
This book was great. One of those page turners that you cannot put down. The twist is sensational. I recommend that you read the book before seeing the movie.
Enjoyed the Rashomon-esque plot device of the two married protagonists providing alternative, self-serving, contradictoryversions of the same incidents.
Loved all the twists the innuendo's the unexpected-  maybe a sequel on the baby- maybe how she is after the birth when someone takes the limelight off of her!
I loved this book. Couldn't put it down. The character development was impressive as well as the build up of the story. I was left in suspense the whole time.
I would recommend reading this book before seeing the movie! Everyone is insane, except the sister, Go! I am ready to read the other 2 books by Gillian Flynn!
What the what?? I'm left completely speechless! What a mind puzzling and mind boggling book! I read it in 2 days and would've finished sooner! Love love love!
Amazing book. There's a reason it's the bestseller that it is. Anyone who doesn't like this book must have serious issues. The author is a master storyteller.
Extremely well written.  I now know way more about what makes a sociopath tick than I want to know.  The old saying about hell being other people proves true.
This was a good book. Right from the start I was hooked. Throughout the book I was wondering who did it. If you like mysteries this book will be good for you.
Amazing book! Just when you think you have it figured out it leads you down another path! Kept me on the edge of my seat. I want to see the movie now as well!
Read the book after seeing the movie to get the background on the fascinating characters. Reading was a richer experience for me. Great read. Interesting POV.
Loved everything about it, and could not put it down.  This story was full of surprises, plot twists and had great shock value. I highly recommend this book!!
I thoroughly enjoyed reading the disallusioned thoughts of each character!  It was a mental chess match between the two main characters.  It was a great read!
Loved Gone Girl! Looking so forward to seeing the movie on October 3. Hoping the studio stayed close to the original story and didn't take too many liberties.
This is a very clever, funny, twisty-turny thriller. I had fun all the way through! I'm so happy Gillian Flynn has two other novels I can enjoy. Yey, Gillian!
So different from usual mysteries that I read.  A great story with a surprising twist.  The only negative criticism I had was that it got off to a slow start.
I'm speechless. Best book I've read in a while. Author does excellent job of keeping reader wanting more. Looking forward to reading more work by this author.
I liked this book a lot, Gillian Flynn writes great books! Looking forward to reading more from her! I've also read Sharp Objects and Dark Places. Great Read!
Loved this book.  Can't wait for the movie to come out. I hear they rewrote the movie ending, will be excited to see the difference. Lots of twists and turns.
I know I am just echoing a huge crowd, but I really enjoyed this book!  Couldn't put it down - read it while nursing a newborn and it was great entertainment!
The plot & twists are amazing! This is the first book I read by Gillian Flynn and it was definitely a page turner. Can't wait to read more books by the author
Great intense book. Who thinks this way?!?!? OMG! this book definitely in my top 5. If you are looking for suspense this book is it. Can't wait for the movie!
This novel has me on edge while reading.  It was not predictable which made it a fantastic read.  All conflicts were well thought out and thrilling to unwind.
THIS BOOK WAS HARD TO PUT DOWN.  THROUGHOUT THE NOVEL THE AUTHOR KEEPS THE READERS' MIND TRYING TO GUESS THE NEXT CHAPTER, ONLY TO BE SURPRISED AT TO OUTCOME.
A great thrill ride!
Easy read. Hooked from the first chapter. Twists and turns, just a great suspense book.  Make me think, smile, and be seriously concerned for the characters.
Book was initially hard to get into. Once in though, it's difficult to put down.  Enjoyed the different twists in the storyline. I would recommend this book.
Great book, easy to read.  Great story.  I plan on seeing the movie now that I've read the book, I hope it's at least close to being as good as the book was.
To begin with I thought the story was a bit strange, but the further I got into the book The more I enjoyed it. I can certainly recommend it. I give 5 stars.
Reading this book was quite an adventure.  I could not hardly put it down, and enjoyed it from beginning to the end.  I would definitely recommend this one!!
I loved the book.  I read the book in a day.  It definitely kept me in suspense.  What I didn't like was the going back and forth between the two characters.
I couldn't stop!  I have to work early but I wanted to finish it so badly. It was such a great read. I can't believe the ending. I recommend this to anyone..
A definite page turner. Didn't expect that! (That's all I'm going to say.) I highly recommend recommend this book. I hope Flynn's other work is just as good.
Good story, a little predictable but the ending was bittersweet...only something people who have been married awhile will get.  Should I stay or should I go?
You root for the women, then the man, then the  . . .  either way, a new twist a every curve.Now for the movie.  I hope it meets my expectations.
This book is phenomenal! I bought it to read before i went to see the movie and I am so glad that I did because reading this was a journey i'll never forget.
I liked the switched up chapters. Just when you think you understand where it's all going, you turn the page and start going 90 degrees in another direction.
Such a great book! Flynn goes between Nick's point of view and Amy's diary entries. She leaves me at the edge of my seat after each. Definitely, a must read!
Masterful tale of suspense, intrigue and psychological twists and turns. Gone Girl was one of the few books that I could not put down! I hated for it to end.
Quite a book....sure keeps your attention and just when you think you have it figured out...you realize you don't!  Excellent reading, I highly recommend it!
This book is a must read. Packed with excitement from beginning to end. Wonderful concept. Hated it to end, but the way it did could a sequel be far behind??
Excellent twists, kept me wanting more.  Serious page turner.  I highly recommend.  Who would have thought that turning a page can change your entire outlook
I downloaded this book for a long plane ride and was 80% finished reading within 24 hours. I need to read this author's other books! I love her twisted mind.
A wonderful interesting read.  I recommend it.  Her views on ""Cool Girls""  gave me an insight into myself.  I would be a Cool Girl for the right man.
The characters seem have real reactions to their environment . The story is definitely engaging, but it's s the characters that make it more than worth while
Love love love this book!! Gone Girl takes the reader on a journey through the dark side of relationships, while exploring how different perspectives can be.
Wasn't sure in the beginning if I was going to keep reading then all of the sudden I couldn't put it down!  Looking forward to seeing how the movie holds up!
Like the visuals created....enjoyed the twists and turns....the ending should be written differently.  Quick read....can't wait to see what the movie brings.
Wonderfully intriguing, gripping, funny, insightful, and intelligent novel with so many twists and turns. I couldn't put it down, and immediately re-read it.
This book kept throwing in twists, just when you think you've learned the characters another surprise is thrown at you. I never wanted to put this book down!
I read Sharp Objects 1st and this is my 2nd book of Gillian Flynn. I have really enjoyed it. If you like a little twist to your thrillers you should read it.
Great read, twists and turns the whole book. Thoroughly enjoyed it! I can't wait until the movie comes out I wonder will it gives the book justice. Loved it.
I enjoyed the clever story and the writing style.  Totally enjoyable read and story..top notch.  The style and story kept me guessing all the way.  Good Job.
Great development of all characters and surprises that were not contrived, but were unexpected.  Stayed up late reading it wondering what would happen next!!
Totally addictive, believable story, keeps you guessing. I'd highly recommend this book to both male and female readers, can't imagine anyone not enjoying it
I could not put the book down.  So many twist and turns.  What you think is going to happen doesn't and I found myself saying ""No Way!"".  Great book.
I really enjoyed reading this book!  Totally worth reading.  Although it doesnt seem like their will be a second book, somehow I hope there is a second book.
One of the best books that I have read in a long time. The story is filled with lots of twists and surpised. I'm telling all my girlfriends to get this book.
Read Gone Girl book with a neighborhood book club. We all found it hard to put down. Very different story line yet believable. Is there going to be a sequel?
The book keeps you guessing until the very end.  You realize at the end, you cannot easily assume anything about someone, and what makes them ""tick"".
What a fun read! I loved the back and forth between the points of view of the two characters. It was very dark and twisted. I thought the ending was perfect.
What a fun read...couldn't put it down...very quirky characters...how they were made believable was fascinating and watching this story unfold was a delight.
Gone Girl was an amazing book.  It took me a while to get into. I stopped reading and then picked it up again.  Very clever and engaging right until the end.
This book holds the reader's attention all the way through. Refreshing change to have such a flawed main chacter who was still trying to do the right thing.
This is the best book I've read lately. I highly recommend it. I'm almost afraid to read more by Gillian Flynn, in case I'm disappointed, but I know I will.
I love Gillian Flynn's voice in this book. Her characters are fleshed out and the pace moves along fast. This book kept me up all night until I finished it!
What else can you say about amazing Amy?  It was simply amazing. I figured out the plot fairly early on, but it was still thrilling enough to keep me going.
Fantastic escape read and impossible to put down. It's not the next Great American Novel, but it's engaging, entertaining and definitely worth checking out.
A total tour de force. A must read. A really great page turner. One of the absolute best mystery thrillers I've read. And in three distinct voices, no less!
Incredibly well written. I fell for both main characters and was so surprised with the numerous plot twists!Excellent book. Fast read. Great writing!!
I could not put this book down. The story and descriptions of inward vs. outward emotions were the perfect combination to keep you on the edge of your seat.
Great read... Kept me turning pages and I could never guess what would happen next... This was a great read, I'm going to read other books by Gillian Flynn.
I read this book in three sittings which I haven't done in a long time. I can't imagine the movie can get all the details as the book but I'll rent it soon.
Very interesting, many  twists and turns. Hard to put down . Would highly recommend to anyone who likes lots of suspense on the edge of their seat suspense.
Saw the movie and loved it! Had to get the book. Shipped fast, can't wait to crack this book open and read all the details you don't get watching the movie!
Couldn't get enough of this book! Kept hearing about the movie and when my friend sent me the book on my kindle I decided to start reading - It was amazing!
This tale of a dysfunctional marriage has so many twists you never know who you will be sympathetic toward from chapter to chapter.  These are scary people!
I found this story compelling, and riveting with an excellent pace and many twists and turns.  A great read! I can't wait to see how it's shared as a movie.
Great read. I'm not typically a fast reader but was driven to finish in a week. Holds your attention. Started off weird and intriguing and became addictive.
Love it as it was really exciting to read.The ending made me stop and think about why they ended the way it did.That was not the way I would have ended it..
Who doesn't love a good book. Kept me guessing up till the end. Really really loved the whole book, even if I didn't like both main characters at one point.
I loved this book....they were beyond crazy and the ending was so fitting that I laughed for like 20mins.  I look forward to reading other books by Ms Flynn
I give this five stars because there are more woman out there like Amy than you would imagine-maybe they don't kill but  they damage.I know a woman like amy
Him murdering her, when she returns, and going to prison for it (or killing himself before that would happen) would have been a better ending for poor Nick.
Really loved it so complex and wonderful. The ending was short and simple but perfect for Amy's character. Literally could not put this book down. Love  it.
Can't put it down.  Lost a couple nights worth of sleep for this one!  Flynn writes a haunting piece that makes you ponder what happens after the last page.
At first it read slow, almost quit reading  then some things started happening I got into it and just had to find out how Amy could be so sneaky etc.  But e
Really enjoyed the twists and turns of this story,  it's a bit warped for sure but  it was a hit with my bookclub and I've already passed the book on twice.
Very well written. Full of surprises right to the end.  The characters are well developed so the reader has mixed feelings for them as the story progresses.
The book kept the reader guessing as to what was going to happen next and even when it all unravelled the reader still wanted to  know how it would all end.
The author had me captive. I couldn't put the book down and I felt I couldn't read fast enough. I enjoyed the book and I felt like the ending was ingenious.
Super read -- quick witted with lots of twists and turns.  Would be good for book club discussions. I can hardly wait for the movie. Who will be psyco bitch
Such a great book. Kept you guessing.  Great character development. I will read everything this author writes.  From the beginning to the end, I was hooked.
You think you know what is going to happen, then you don't.  The characters were chilling and kept you in suspense. I would recommend this book to everyone.
I read a lot but I rarely pay this much for a book because the truth is that they are rarely ever worth it. Not this time! I loved this book. I am an avid reader of mysteries/thrillers and within a few pages or chapters I have the entire story all wrapped up. About 50% of the way through, when I started to feel the same way and a little disappointed, this book threw me a twist that was so shocking I gasped out loud and I was thrilled about it. What a great plot. I enjoyed the writing style and the different first person accounts. It was really unique and different. It was entertaining and I couldn't put it down. Even better than that is I didn't want it to end. My feelings toward the characters were all over the place and my mind was spinning trying to figure out what was going to come next. It's a roller coaster that you want to keep riding over and over again.
It's rare (for me at least) to read a film noir book but this book was so reminiscent of old suspense movies; Dial M for Murder and Double Indemnity kept floating through my mind. Things are rarely as they seem in life and never has that cliche been more apt in a story. I've read Gillian Flynn's previous two books, I became thoroughly engrossed mainly because her characters are so real, they lie, they have ugly sides, they aren't especially nice people. I find that I can't stop reading on because while I'm busy trying to decide whose side I'm on, who deserves the comeuppance... the characters are evolving like people tend do. Gillian Flynn does not give us a protagonist and an antagonist, she gives us masterful stories and riveting reads.Now I'm back to where I was last week before I read Gone Girl; I can't wait for the next Gillian Flynn book.
Good, fast paced storyline. I haven't found many books lately that I have trouble putting down, but this one was one of those books. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Read this after I saw the movie, so I knew what to expect, but for some reason, i was still on the edge of my seat and in shock when I read this. Love her!
Excellent writing, one of the best literary ""detective"" stories I've read. Eager to read more of this writer's work. Book is better than the movie.
Not quite finished yet, but this is an awesome book.  I wanted to read the book before I see the movie.  I cannot wait to see the movie now.  Awesome read.
A must read! You will say oh my gosh about a dozen times throughout this book! Amy's character is definitely the definition of psycho bitch to the fullest!
I read this after watching the movie, and I am so happy the movie stuck so close to the book because it is such an original story and wonderfully written!!
The beginning was little slow for me, but it picked up very quickly. I really enjoyed this book! It was very suspenseful and I am excited to see the movie.
Engrossing novel with unpredictable twists by a fine writer. I tried to ration it, a little each night, but the author soon had me reading hours at a time.
Good reading. Liked the character development and the story line.  Good suspenseful story that keeps the reader constantly wondering what will happen next.
Gave this five stars as it captivated me from the beginning. Great imagery. Situations to relate to. Feelings that are valid and it basically felt so real.
Awesome thought provoking. ....engaging really makes you wonder how many are suffering the same sickness ....good read...love how there really is no ending
Thrilling story.  I had a hard time putting the book down.  As I turned pages, I found myself surprised over and over again.  I recommend this novel.
Couldn't put the book down. I hate reading in the car but decided to give it a go during our family trip. Excellent story... can't wait to watch the movie.
This book had so many twists and turns!  It was just impossible to put down. I couldn't wait to see what would be around the next corner. Very suspenseful.
I first loved Gillian Flynn when I read Sharp Objects, and Gone Girl was no slouch, either. It was an intriguing, well-written book with an exciting story.
This was a great read!  Loved how it played out. Not interested in the movie but loved the book. I definitely recommend this to anyone who likes mysteries!
I enjoyed every minute of it.  I had seen the movie the week before, but knew there would be more in the book, so bought it and read it in just a few days.
This book had a lot of twist and turns!!! I was so engross in the story line that I didn't even want to study/do homework. I may check out her other books.
A true masterpiece of suspense, a horrific look into human psyche.  This is must read for everyone who loves to be on the edge of their seat 'till the end.
Great book can't wait to see the movie although the books are always better then the movie. A lot of twists and the ending was not was I expected it to be.
The characters were so well developed I just hated them both but absolutely loved how I was so emotionally involved.  this is a great book and a must read.
Disturbingly clever.  Even when you think you have it figured out....things get more twisted.Not nearly as predictable as you think it's going to be.
The twist is fascinating... Not what I expected. Now I can sleep during the night again. I could not put this book down!!!  Best book I've read in a while.
don't go near this novel without a scorecard. Who has one up on whom? Cancel all appointments and put your phone on silent. You won't want to stop reading.
This story has a lot of twists, but the transfer from book to movie was very well done.  I would read the book and then see the movie it is worth the time.
I was greatly surprised by this book. I thought it would be a love story. And it is but it is a love story gone wrong that just keeps twisting into itself.
So many layers of a marriage,, just when it looked simple it spun out of control.  I believe that I knew girls in high school who. Could have plotted this.
I loved the book and can't wait to see the movie. It kept my interest all along. I'm not sure I love the ending, it feels like there is still more to come.
Hands down one of my favorite books I have read. I loved the ending, I don't know what else readers would expect, it was perfect! Definitely a page turner!
Suspenseful! This novel really knows how to keep your attention. Following the different time lines really made sure you were following the story. Love it!
I read this book a couple of years ago and I'm just now reviewing it here.  I loved it and can still remember the whole book.  I'd definitely recommend it.
I could not put this book down.  So dark and suspenseful - I think I read it cover to cover in one day!  So many unexpected twists and turns.  Loved it!!!!
This tome was part of my book club choice's.  Great mystery.  It's quite the ""page turner"" as the plot thickens with each chapter!  Loved the book!
This book is like riding a rollercoaster blindfolded! Just when you think it's going one way it whips you in the opposite direction. I absolutely loved it!
Loved it!  I never expected the twist in the middle.  I loved the smart characters.  I wish the ending was different, but it's clear the author had a plan.
Everytime I thought I had something figured out, bam! another twist and unexpected turn of events. A fantastic novel that kept me reading way past bedtime.
Gone Girl's storyline keeps a good pace and the writing is excellent! Its the type book I want to read more than once to make sure I catch all the details.
Page-turner!  I couldn't put this one down.  Crazy twist when least expecting it- I really enjoyed the writing, especially the sick wit.  Highly recommend.
AT FIRST, I WASN'T SURE THAT I WOULD ENJOY THIS READ...BUT AS I GOT FARTHER INTO THE STORY, I KNEW IT WOULD BE ANOTHER THAT WAS HARD TO PUT DOWN...........
If you like mysteries at all, you will likely be intrigued by this one, which is also a portrait of a disintegrating marriage between 2 ill-matched people.
fills me with intense emotion from the characters thoughts and actions.Loved the verbiage that reflected the character's thoughts and feelings!
Sensational novel! This truly is a psychological thriller if ever there was one. Unlike typical ""who dunit"" stories where the author leads you in one direction then the next, this story just flowed easily and without interruption. I read A LOT, so usually before the 'mystery' is revealed I've already solved the case and know exactly where the story leads - that is most definitely not the case here. There were more twists and turns in this tale than on my favorite roller coaster. I COULD NOT figure this out, not completely anyway, even up until the last page. I really do not understand any of the negative reviews unless they come from people that aren't avid readers or readers of this genre. I can not recommend this enough. I suggest for anyone that just loves a good book to grab this one quick. In my opinion this definitely is a must read for everyone.
It has been a long time since I have enjoyed a book so much.  It was a quick read that I did not want to end.
This is an interesting concept. Once I started reading, I didn't want to put it down. Amy is quite the shrew!
Oh my gosh - this book was so good. I was drawn in right from the title which is perfect for this book. ""Gone Girl"" just sounds creepy and intriguing. This is one of those books that is really hard to review without spoiling it but I shall try. Gillian Flynn has created two fabulous characters in Nick and Amy. While the plot of this book is primarily the mystery of what happened to Amy, it's also a study of Nick and Amy's marriage and how things change once they both lose their jobs and move from New York City to Missouri. I had the pleasure of seeing Gillian speak at an event hosted by Rainy Day Bookstore. She said Gone Girl is about how no one really knows what goes on in a marriage and what happens when your golden lifestyle that you define yourself by is stripped away.My full recap of Gillian Flynn's talk will be published on 6/20/12 at [...]
This book is not great literature. That said, it is cleverly written, a page-turner, and had an unpredictable ending. I enjoyed every minute of this book.
I'm not a mystery buff, but this book is truly a surprise.  If you want to spend a solid day reading, this is your book. It's difficult to pull away from.
So good. Twist and turns... Glad I read the book before I watched the movie, I had such a deeper understanding about the characters and their motivations.
This book is amazing! The ending left me like ""what?! Noooo..."" wanting to throw the book across the room but still it's suspenful and just great.
I enjoyed the book very much. I don't want to give anything away for those that have not read it but there was a surprise twist. I will leave it a t that.
Awesome story that keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole story. Was not expecting it to end the way it did. But still quite the mystery!
Easy read with twists and turns. Would recommend to those who enjoy an unpredictable storyline!  Just watched the movie, and as usual, the book is better.
The ending was not what I expected, but I couldn't put the book down. I'm a little sad that it's over. So glad I read the book before I watched the movie.
Holy crap.  I didn't expect this type of ending.  A typical woman disappears and husband did it kind of book was what I thought.  I was way off.  So good.
This is the best book I have read in a really, REALLY long time.  Wonderfully written and a great read- you won't be able to put it down!Loved it!!!
Gone girl is freakishly outstanding!!! It keeps you hooked, you literally can't put it down!!! You are constantly wondering what's going to happen next!!!
The characters are very well written. There was enough of a mystery that I devoured the book but not so much that I became frustrated. Definite recommend.
Really enjoyed reading this book. The author has such insight into to peoples feelings and thoughts..You may not like the ending, But it is a great story.
The style of writing was different than what I've read in the past. However, once I became accustomed to it, it was riveting! I would recommend this book!
I didn't like it at first, but ended up spending the whole night reading it through to the end.  Just couldn't put it down.  Somewhat drowsy the next day!
Just couldn't stand not reading this book! It grabbed me almost immediately. I've already ordered up Gillian Flynn's other books. This one was crazy good!
Gone Girl was truly amazing. Packed with suspense and so many ""omg"" moments. I couldn't put this book down! Definitely recommend this to everyone.
A truly incredible and twisted novel to the very end. Exceptional writing that offered a nuanced narrative and was near impossible to put down. Fantastic.
Way too easy to pick up the word ""amazing"", but, by reading this book, you are in for some thrill, fun, introspection, and get ready to be Amazed!
Great read!A lot of reviews didn't like the ending but don't let that deter you from reading the book. It's the creepiest love story I've ever read!
I read this book in one day. it kept me wanting more. Great story line. I think Gillian did a wonderful job and look forward to reading more of her books.
This book keeps you guessing the entire time, and leaves you feeling conflicted between characters as to who is good and bad!!! Very moving and emotional!
This book started off a little slow, but is one of my favorite reads this year. It's definitely a book that stays with you and it was really well-written.
This story had my emotions on a roller coaster ride from the beginning. I couldn't decide which story to believe until... the real story began to unravel.
Thought I'd read the book before the movie came out.  Lots of twists and kept me guessing until the end.  Haven't enjoyed a book this much in a long time.
loved this book! totally not what you expect at all. im really interested to see how they end the movie. this is a book you HAVE to read before the movie.
This book was great!  Suspenseful and interesting all at the same time.  The characters were rich and the plot twists and turns in ways you can't predict.
I really liked this book.  I was surprised many times right after I thought I'd figured it out and could tell what was coming.  Very entertaining reading.
Made me think about my own relationships and what we expect of our mates....only issue I had was with the very last page. But not going to give that away.
Great story line..twists and turns when I least expect it..can not put it down..great character creation, very believable..cannot wait to see what happens
I really enjoyed this book.  Lot of twists and turns to keep you guessing.  The author does a great job of keeping the story fresh, it's hard to put down.
Very different, very real.........  Could be you and your loving husband.......  looking into the minds of people, especially you and your husband........
I couldn't pit it down! I have read all 3 of her books and I just love the way she writes. It's a great read and you will completely loose yourself in it!
This was a great story and with excellent character development. The story kept you interested from the very beginning and kept you excited on every page.
This was a real page turner that left me wondering how well we can know anyone. I definitely recommend this book to anyone that enjoys drama and suspense.
This was a unique mystery novel. Lots of twists and turns turns that kept me guessing until the end. Very fast, easy read. I thoroughly enjoyed Gone Girl.
I jumped into this book hearing good things and knowing a bit of the twist, but not much else. The people complaining about not liking the ending are kind of petty, in my opinion. Although perhaps it's good, because I was not expecting much. There was plenty of resolution--it perhaps was just not the resolutions others wanted, which is why I find the criticism petty. It's like, ""WHY DIDN'T THE BOOK END THE WAY I WANTED TO?"" Honestly, it makes it more realistic for me. Life doesn't always have the ending you want either.That being said, other reviewers are right--don't read too many reviews and just read the book! The only thing I can say against it is you may want to just watch the movie if you don't have an entire weekend or about two days to read this book and do practically nothing else. You really won't want to put it down!
Well crafted page turner. Gillian Flynn really know how to keep the reader engaged and full of suspense with all of her novels, this one is no exception.
One of the best books I've read in awhile.  I loved all the twists and turns that the story took - you never knew what to expect next.  A very fast read.
Smart. So very smart.Will be that book you cannot put down until the end. Twists, turn, and just when you think you have it figured out, you don't.
Very good book! Don't let the negative reviews about the ending keep you from reading it as it did me. I should have read it much sooner. Very enjoyable!
Great book. Flynn never ran out of ideas. If you are looking for a mystery novel this is it. It keeps readers thinking how can someone come up with this.
Twists and turns galore. If you like a mystery that you can't predict this is it. So glad I read it before I saw the movie. I highly recommend this book.
starts off a little slow but stick with it.  Notice the chapter headings as you go and hang on for all of the twists and turns of the story.  Great book.
I really enjoyed the way it was written with a look from each perspective. You could follow what was in their thinking. Some great character development.
It was a crazy ride.  I couldn't stop reading.  By the end, I couldn't decide which of the main characters I hated most.  Now I have to go see the movie.
The ending killed me.  Started a bit slow but then I was totally engrossed.  Kept peeking at it when I was supposed to be doing other things.  Good book!
This book was unbelievably good! The way it was written, in the many different perspectives, was brilliant. Everyone should read... especially newlyweds.
Read it before I saw the movie and couldn't put it down.  Got through it in 2 days and it was better than the movie, but the movie followed pretty close.
Just when you think it will zig, it zags. I liked this book a lot, but am not sure what to do with the ending. Not sure if I should see the film, either.
I don't usually read this genre but this book was fantastic. I have already purchased Flynn's other novels. I am excited to have found real page turners.
Good story line. Addictive.  Great use of vocabulary!!  Increased my vocabulary by at least 25 words!!! Can't wait to see the movie.Thanks Gillian.
A-maz-ing!!!!!  The pull to read and the push for it not to end was climactic.  I was pro-Amy in her revenge rant but my heart and soul belonged to Nick.
I couldn't put it down!! Will see the movie tomorrow night. The only problem for me was the abruptness of the ending. I felt there should have been more?
What a roller coaster ride Gillian takes you on. You are never quite sure until the end exactly what the outcome will be. Best book I've read in a while.
This book had so many plot twists I was constantly surprised and craving more. Such a good read and will make you think about it long after you finished.
Loved the twists and turns! Didn't like the ending but that's my personal opinion. This book had me on the edge of my seat waiting to see what came next.
this book grabbed me after a short while in and never let go!  Mind bending and thought provoking.  Now I completely understand the meaning of sociopath!
totally addictive could not put it down. deep dramagic ****i dont usually dont write reviews but had to put something down so it would get noticed.
I started this book this morning and haven't been able to stop reading until I knew the ending! So many twists and turns and a totally unexpected ending!
Great bookStick with it until the end. Great writing withinterestingcharacters although not like ableFinished It and made my wife read it too
Ominously clever.  The backgrounds of the characters are revealed through diary entries and actual events interwoven masterly throughout the page turner.
I've never read any Gillian Flynn before and I am not typically into the murder/mystery genre, but this was riveting from the first page to the last one.
This Both grab me from the very beginning.Jillian grandpa has put a whole new meaning on mysteries. Gone Girl was twisty, freaky, and deliciously wicked.
Holy moly, it was a page turner! I was up late into the wee hours reading this. Ate it in two days. Not sure I like the ending, but it sure was rivetin'!
Not the usual predictable story. Keeps you guessing from beginning to end. Love this author.Dark Places also by this author is an exceptional read.
Couldn't put it down! Great writing. Great story. Very well done, funny, clever, and constantly interesting. I'm going to have to read more of her books.
Enjoyed from start to finish.  Went along smoothly, then bang, the unexpected twist.  This book has it all, suspense, humor, and human~Ness.  Great read.
this was bought for my daughter-n-law as a birthday gift. She said she thoroughly enjoyed the book. She has bought books by Gillian Flynn since this one.
Elaborately dark and beautifully written. Somehow you hate and also desperately root for these 2 psychos. Definitely reading more of Gillian flynns work!
This book was so twisted, I couldn't figure out which characters to love and hate. And I never expected what came at the end. Flynn is an amazing writer.
I really loved the first half of the book, but the second was also very interesting. I have read the book very quickly tempted to find out, what hapened.
I really like the way it was written from both sides..you hear the thoughts hopes and dreams as well as fear doubt and insecurities..lot s if twist
Powerful and brilliantly written. Not all in the book club loved it, although most did. All agreed it was worthy as a book club book. Lots of discussion.
Great book, read it all the way through, don't think you know the ending when you are two thrids through,'cause there is more surprises after that.
Great plot, but a little slow at times as  I felt the characters had to be developed.  Gone Girl is well written with lots of nuances. A great fast read!
If you like Girl On A Train, Whatever Happened in Granite Creek, or Defending Jacob...this book is for you.  It's well-written, original, and absorbing.
fantastic book can't wait to see if there is another, it keept me guesssing and what was going to happen next was very exciting.  I love loved loved it.
Waiting to watch the movie. Wasn't suspenseful until the middle... and the folks that stole her money was never talked about again...that part was weird
Nice twist and turns in this.  A little scary to think of running into a Psycho portrayed in the bookenjoyable read outside my normal genres
Didn't like the ending but I will have to do. The story was intense, strange horrifyingly, and exciting. This is almost as good as fifty shades of grey.
One of the best books ever!  Gillian Flynn is great and you won't see the ending coming.  Also read her other 2 books, and would recommend them as well.
I loved this book kept me wondering what would happen next I give it five stars very long book but finished it quick can't wait to see the movie version
Great quickpaced read- just as eerie reading it as watching the movie but you get more into the heads of the twisted all too realistic character's heads
Intense evil. So much manipulation and lies. A scary relationship that is pretty sick. The characters are all so real even the parents are manipulating.
A very suspenseful story.  This book will keep you wanting to find out where the story will take you next.  I highly reecommend it if you like usupense.
This book kept me reading, but I don't think the story will end here. Just because he said he felt sorry for her leads me to believe that it's not over.
A very well written and engaging put. It never once got boring. I would recommend this book to other readers. Hopefully the film does the novel justice.
Excellent character development and exquisite attention to detail.  I am still not sure who is the cat and the mouse, but I thoroughly enjoyed the ride.
Best book I've read in a long time, fascinating characters, couldn't put it down. Looking forward to the movie... And reading more books by this author.
Incredible edge of your seat reading.  Loved the authors style.  I've already begun reading another one of her books.  I definitely recommend this one!!
Awesome book. Kept me engaged the entire time and wondering what came next. Was not expecting the twist in the middle there. Wish it didn't have to end!
First book,I read written by Gillian Flynn, I am impressed, I'm going to come v back for more. interesting plot, amazing story telling.you will enjoy it
Would definitely recommend it. Maddening yet entertaining and very thought-provoking. Just long enough to keep you turning pages to find out the ending.
I really enjoyed her other books so have this one a try. Took me a while to get into it but once I did it was a nonstop ride. Game play at its greatest.
I highly recommend Gone Girl.Great Intense read, kept me guessing until the end.I am planning on checking out more books from Gillian Flynn.
Great book! Read it in one sitting the thrill of trying to figure out her next psycho move was what kept me reading and reading. I couldn't put it down!
Twisted, spellbinding, surprising. Well written and one of my favorites last year.  Just wait until you get entwined into these two inconceivable lives.
The book took my breath away. The characters were completely unpredictable.. I never thought a person could go to such length to just ensure he/she wins
Way more and much better than I could have thought or predicted. It's a fun read and makes you really think about how well you really can know anyone...
This was a great read!  I kept wanting more and more.  Definitely one of those books that you can't put down because you want to know what happens next!
I really enjoyed reading this. The book had several twists  I never saw coming. However, the ending was less than satisfying for such an explosive book.
This book is like a roller coaster! You have to keep reading until you find out what happens next. She does a wonderful job of keeping you on your toes.
this was a great read with ongoing surprises. loved the characters and how well the writing allowed you to picture them. great creepy well thought story
I couldn't put this book down.  There are some bizarre, crazy twists that I was never expecting and an ending to match.  But I loved every minute of it.
Loved this book!  Couldn't wait to see what would happen next, so well written!  Read for my book club and can't wait to discuss it with my girlfriends!
I loved the structure of the novel. Every other chapter was written from thge past and every other was written in the present. Shocking surprises await.
The format was unusual,very intriguing,truly a book I could hardly put down.I have never read anything by Gillian Flynn before but I will in the future.
This was wildly entertaining! I read a review that warned that you may not get the happy ending you usually like but I loved this from beginning to end.
Loved it!  Def did not predict how this was going to play out.  Could not put it down. The only negative is it starts out a little slow but dont give up
This book is unlike any I've ever read...There are so many twists and turns and you always know what's going on in the minds of the two main characters.
Book was great!  I have fallen in love with this author and am in the process of reading Dark Places.  Looking forward to many more from Mrs. Flynn!!!!
Gillian does an amazing job as being the voice of man and woman and aggressor and victim. It was a book I couldn't put down, and I am glad I bought it.
Wow, I have to say it took me a bit to get into it, but once it built up it twisted and turned!!! What a crazy book. Highly recommend reading GoneGirl!
Loved this book. I love a book that I'm beginning to think I figured it out and all the sudden..... wow!! I will admit I wasn't crazy about the ending.
So compelling...twists and turns, but kept me thinking I could predict the next chapter...psycho-love story and insightful. A truly well written story.
A great read which will make it hard to put down. You can't wait to see what happens next. Now, to see the movie. The book will end up better I'm sure!
I could not put the book down. A disturbing story of love, insanity, murder, suspense, and the biggest shock that leaves you baffled. I need part two!!
What an incredible ride!  A must read.  Literally could not put this book down.  The plot is like being on a really great, really scary roller coaster.
This novel is a great read . Definitely a page turner...just when you think you've gotten it all figured out it takes you on another loop...suspenseful
Excellent book. Loved the alternating chapters. Hard to put down & when you think nothing else can happen, the author has one last twist again for you.
I could not put this book down. From beginning to end it hooked me. I would highly recommend it. I can't wait to read the other books by Gillian Flynn!
When I started reading I thought it was an ok read, then all of a sudden, the book takes a sudden turn and it becomes a book that I could not put down.
slow to get into at first, but once i did it was great. many twists and turns and different perspectives made it a great read! cant wait for the movie.
You will not be able to put this book down!  It is full of twists & turns and has a great storyline that will keep you wondering.  This is a must read!
Couldn't imagine outcome, very interesting. I don't usually read fiction and was glad this one caught my I interest plus rumor of a future movie.
you cant put this book down until you find out what happened. You may be disappointed in the ending at first- but it really keeps you thinking about it
Great book with twists and turns! Keeps you reeled in right from the start! Highly recommend! But be ready to stay up late as the book begs to be read!
The book seemed their inside joke.  A strange and toxic relationship but well written. I am glad that I watched the movie first., very enjoyable book.
Kept me entertained, first book i've read entirely. A great twist a different kind of love story. I recommend this for anyone whose ever been hurt lol
I was in suspense.  Did not guess until almost the end where she had gone.  Then the ending was a surprise.  Like, there should be Gone Girl, Part ll.
Heard about the movie but didn't know it was based on the book.  Thought I would check it out and I'm glad I did.  Great story and I loved the twists.
This is an outstanding thriller that I will undoubtedly read again. The way the author gets into the head of her main characters is brilliant writing.
This is probably the best book I have ever read.  There were so many twists and turns I didn't want to put it down.  Now I can't wait to see the movie
Many twists and unexpected turns.  The characters are well developed.  I wouldn't describe the story as gripping, but it definitely held my attention.
Amazing. So detailed that I could picture everything. So much better than the movie and I could feel the emotions of Nick and Amy throughout the book.
Great book.  Took it on vacation with me and just about finished it.  Just finished it now.  Lots of twists and turns.  I have not seen the movie yet.
I absolutely loved this book! This is the first book I've read in a very long time and I have to say I am very please! I cannot wait to see the movie.
Loved the way it jumped back and forth from Nick to Amy. This allowed both sides of the story, at the same time. Just awesome read. Now for the movie.
Characters are multidimensional as in life. Deeply flawed and recognized by the dark elements of ourselves in a way that is comforting, yet upsetting.
I found this book to be fun to read from page one. The author is a trickster and takes you for a ride. I think the book is much better than the movie.
Loved the twists in th e story, would not have been able to predict the storyline. Very nicely written, will read the other bestsellers of this author
Great book. I just  couldn't put it down. It was like being in the mind of a psychotic. You wonder if anyone will come out of this toxic relationship.
Wow, twists when least expected!!! Great read.Highly recommend. Skillful writing.Ok, they want nine more words...nine more words. Required
This is a gripping read...suspenseful beyond belief.  Warning: you will find yourself up late, unable to stop reading.  Shocking and mesmerizing book.
All I can say is, I really didn't see that coming! I finished the book in a day; it was extremely addicting. A little slow at first, but wait for it .
Probably one of the best books I've ever read. Completely enthralled from page one. Flynn has a unique way of writing and I mean that in the best way.
I have become such a fan of Flynns writing style.  I can spend hours reading one of her books and be completely engrossed by th  mystery and suspense.
What a great read.  Amy and Nick certainly deserved each other and their perfect love, but who would ever guess that it would turn out the way it did.
This kept me captivated through the entire book.  Human psychology at its best.  Very enjoyable with the right amount of twists.  I highly recommend!!
Bought this to read on the train on the way to work and had trouble putting it down.I finished it in two days because it is so hard to put down.
Although it too awhile to arrive, I couldn't put it down (once I got past the diary entries). Good stuff. Can't wait to see the movie later this year.
This was a very entertaining book.  I read it when it first came out and didn't want to put it down.  I'm very excited they're making it into a movie!
This was the most mind boggling story I have ever read!!! I hope there aren't any people like these two in real life, but I think I am kidding myself!
very bizarre and unexpected ending. although one of the most twisted things I have ever read, it was near impossible to stop turning the pages. crazy.
I really loved this book. The story kept me wanting to know more. Although I think the ending is perfect, it leaves me waiting for the next chapter...
I couldn't stop reading this book until I finished it. But I hated the ending - I wanted so badly for Amy to be exposed for the person she really was.
Great book. Most intense plot twist I have ever read. Kept me wanting more. Can't wait for the movie, hope it can live up to how amazing the book was.
Loved it! Great book! Suspenseful, smart, engaging. Would definitely recommend. Everything I look for in a book - real characters that make you think.
Excellent book! Plenty of twists and surprises. Suspenseful and entertaining. Intelligently written. Best book I've read in recent memory, hands down!
Mesmerizing and addictive. The story is exciting and will keep you turning the pages! The ending has an unexpected twist. I wholeheartedly recommend!!
Loved this book but also hated it.  You would have to read it to understand.  They say there's nothing new under the sun but this comes kind of close.
Loved every messed up minute of it. Literally jumped up and screamed when I hit the turning point. Thrilling, complicated and unpredictable. Read it!
Fantastic book! From the beginning I was hooked! I really enjoy her writing so I am reading her other books, which I recommend if you like Gone Girl!
Emotional roller coaster - jumping to one conclusion and then jumping to the opposite spectrum. Excellent book - feel like there has to be a 2nd book
This is one of my favorite books of all time. It is so gripping. The characters never do what you expect. It is layered, smart, and a fantastic read.
An interesting story with a plot that keeps you in full suspense, with numerous unexpected twists and turns, while you anxiously awaiting its finale.
It was very interesting. Kept me guessing. Not very predictable. I recommend it for anyone interested in a little mystery and at least the age of 16.
Slow to start but then I couldn't put it down. Suspenseful and incredible to experience. Not sure the movie could live up to the details of this book
Great book throughout, great twists... Ending was a bit sudden but definitely recommend to everyone. Now time to see the movie to see if it compares!
Bought it for kindle and its a great book. Havnt seen the movie yet. That WTF ending had me upside down for about a week but im just hangin in there.
I saw the movie before I read the book - the book is even more suspenseful, the characters more developed.  Definitely worth the time and investment!
Kept my interest the entire time! Bought the 2nd before I was even done reading the first and cant wait to read the next one. Definitely a good book!
Great storyline with an unexpected twist in the middle. I enjoyed this book very much. Hard to put down. Now I hope the movie is as good as the book!
Couldn't put the book down because I had to know what was going to happen next.  I didn't like the ending.  I feel it left many unanswered questions.
I absolutely loved this book! I couldn't put it down. There were some parts were I wanted to jump into the book and shake Nick. It's an amazing read.
I read this book with an open mind, and I will tell you I felt nothing but cold fear all the way through the book.  I loved it.  It is worth 5 stars.
Hard to get into at first with the back & forth, but once into it, it was great.  Exciting, suspenseful & keeps you wanting to know what happens next
This book is fantastic! The way it is written completely draws you in and takes you on a ride. Page turner is an understatement. Bravo Gillian Flynn!
This is a great thriller. Lots of twists and turns. Every time you think you have it figured out there is another turn! Can't wait to see the movie!!
One of the best suspense books that I have read in a long time.  Excellent detail and consistency throughout providing the you with plenty of twists.
I could not stop reading this book is awesome but the ending ""really"" I wanted to pull my hair off .... I cannot believe it Amy is the devil herself.
I couldn't put this book down! What a great read and a real page turner. Gillian Flynn is a brilliant writer. I would definitely reccomend this book!
Gillian Flynn takes a dive into mindsets of the 21st century being. An amazing plot, twisted characters, and the spin of the media. Loved this novel.
I loved this book and I couldn't put it down.  I was never sure where it was going and I was constantly surprised.  Everyone needs to read this book!
I absolutely loved this book. Every chapter had be thinking that it would end a different way.Gone Girl was the best book I have read in years.
This book kept my full attention from start to finish! Shared this book with friends and they loved it as well. Can't wait for the movie to come out!
I have recommended this book to everyone who has asked. Good read that keeps you on your toes. Refreshing change of pace in the murder mystery world.
Great whodunit book, keeps you guessing.  Nice plot twists. Just enough mystery to keep the pages turning but not too much that's it's hard to follow
This was my first book by this author and it drew me right in.. I was hooked from the start and on the edge of my seat. This book did not disappoint.
I thought that this was well written and catching story that surprised me few time through.... Couldn't stop reading. Definitely recommended reading.
Well done!  A one day read.  Characters are incomprehensible.  Am amazing insight into the criminal and devious mind of a psycho - maybe two psychos!
I have been meaning to read this book all year and finally did.  I couldn't put it down. The ending made me want to know what happened in the future!
Supremely well written. This book says things that I have thought of before about relationships. I love a good mystery and this isan interesting one!
A thought provoking book that shows how multidimensional a marriage can be.  Very entertaining, couldn't put it down, will recommend to many friends.
Wow!  Twisted and dark but written beautifully!  Loved the double points of view.  Not normally my genre but was curious with so many great reviews!
Probably one of the best books I've ever read.  It got to a point where I stayed up all through the night just to finish the book, it was that good.
Love this book. Page turner. The movie was good too but I am more of a book fan. So glad I bought it because it's a book I will read numerous times.
Normally I read the book first then watch the movie but this time I watched the movie and loved it. This book is amazing keeps you turning the page!
Completely twisted and shocking and a little bit sad.  Couldn't put this book down till it was finished.  If you love a suspense, this is your book!
These characters are so bizarre and twisted that you can't put the book down. But if you need a satisfying ending to a story, you won't get it here.
Thrilling story that keeps our attention from the beginning til the end and that goes with a speed of a jetcoaster. I would love to see in the movie
Style of writing was excellent. The way the story turned out was fantastic. So glad I read the book before seeing the movie.  Definitely a favourite
I saw the movie first and really liked it so decided to get the book. I like her writing style and I am thinking of trying another by Gillian Flynn.
Ingenious, cleverly-written whodunit. Told in a novel format, ""Gone, Girl"" will hold you in suspense until the very end. Highly recommended.
I really found this story very intriguing, but I was surprised of the ending and how it leaves you hanging, I couldn't believe it was over, Awesome!
I saw the movie first but after reading the book. The movie I can not watch as now I know what was missing from the move. This is a first rate book.
I really loved reading this book, it kept me on edge. I thought I knew what was going to happen, but it kept changing, flipping, exciting me. Super!
I am easily pleased but I really liked this book! Gillian Flynn did a great job keeping the reader guessing and I thought it was a real page turner.
Couldn't put it down.  Keeps you in suspense.  Finished it in 2 days.  Can't say that I liked either character but it was definitely worth the read.
Spoiler: this book rocks!! Fast and hard to put down. Well done. Really engaging and good look into a marriage and how horribly wrong things can go.
This book was so effed up!!! I finish this book and wonder how in the hell are they going to sustain this effed up life? Brilliant and yet effed up!
This is a great little book, well written and crafted into quite a nasty little thriller.  Did not think I would every feel sorry for him, but I do.
Just when you think you have it all figured out, Gillian is around the corner with another twist! A great, fast read. You don't want to put it down.
Suspenseful; compelling; thought provoking!  An excellent read that I couldn't put down!  You will enjoy picking up this book to read more and more!
Well...this book takes you all over the place and the characters and true characters!  It's a must read.  I now have to go and see the movie.  Enjoy
I actually knew the plot before I started reading this and still couldn't put it down!  The characters are so interesting and unstable.  Great read.
Loved the book. Great suspense and amazing imagination.  Once I thought I had something figured out I would be so wrong.  Couldn't put the book down
Extraordinary writing !!!!! Had so many twists and turns - lots of red herrings which made me not want the story to end..........but does it ???????
Riveting from beginning to end, written in such a way that it is both intelligent and relatable, a difficult beam to balance but succeeds with ease.
Thriller from beginning to end. Characters are interesting and unpredictable . Couldn't put it down. A must read for the psychological thriller fan.
Every chapter has a different twist that makes you never want to put the book down!!! Just when you think you know what will happen it all changes!!
Gone Girl was exceptional.  I couldn't put the book down with all the twists and turns to the story line.  I am looking forward to seeing the movie.
You will not be able to put this one down. It is just as everyone says .....an edge of your seat read! Can't say much more without giving plot away.
I really liked this book because it kept me guessing until the very end. Great psychological thriller! I'd definitely read another one of her books.
Absolutely engaging.  Gillian Flynn has quite the imagination.  Good with character development even though some of the characters were not likable.
well written surprising twist that keeps you wanting more!can't wait to read another Gillian Flynn novel. definitely would recommend this book
Great book, I couldn't put it down!! Had me wanting more once I finished this book I continued on to the other books this author wrote (Dark Places)
Gone Girl kept me riveted every page.  At no point did I guess how this delicious book would end.  I definitely recommend it for a good summer read.
Excellent book!  Just when you think you have it figured out, Gillian Flynn throws in another twist.  I'll be reading everything this author writes.
The book was well crafted.  Kept you guessing.  The ending was not how I would have written it.  However I liked the back and forth of the chapters.
I can hardly put Gillian Flynn's books down once I start reading them!  I love the way she writes & the thoughts of her characters are spellbinding!
You will definitely not see anything coming.  Blind turns everywhere!  Great story I would recommend it for anyone, you will be paranoid at the end!
I just started the book and found it interesting  The more I read the better it got.  I got out of bed at 5AM today, no sleep just read.  Great book
This book is a trip. A crazy, twisted trip that you just can't stop reading. I want to say it was a good read but that doesn't really do it justice.
This book is a must read, brilliantly written, keeps you guessing,  could not put it down! I was not one for thrillers-but I am now! Fantastic read.
This book kept me on my toes from the beginning. It jumped right into the action and was non-stop through out the whole book! I highly recommend it!
My fav book. Great twist at the end. Great job Flynn, planning on reading the next two books soon. I would recommended this book to all my friends!!
I devoured this book within days.  Never a dull moment.  You don't know who or what to believe or what is going to happen next. Brilliantly written.
Love the plot, the characters and the ending. This book is so well written and offers so much insight into both its main female and male characters.
Great twists and turns. Each chapter gets better and better! The book started out slow, but improved quickly. I would recommend this book to anyone.
Very suspenseful and an unexpected ending.  I have not seen the movie yet...whew.  Heard the movie was disappointing.  To much editing I suspect...
Amazing and shocking at every turn! The movie was nothing compared to how incredible this book is! One of the best books I've read in a looong time
Loved this book. My first non-pregnancy, non-baby sleep training book. I whizzed thru it so fast, it was a much needed haven away from the kids. :)
There's so many possibilities!  So many twists and turns! I couldn't put it down, thinking ""Dishes can wait, I have to know what will happen next!
Extremely entertaining read. Better than the movie (even though the movie was awesome). Great suspense in an overall taught and twisty page-turner.
Amazing book! Terrible movie... The book keeps you on the edge and you never know what might happen next! I can't wait to read the rest of her book
This book was excellent, I couldn't put it down. There are great twists and turns throughout that you won't see coming. Highly recommend this book.
I loved the twists in the plots by both characters.  I usually guess the outcome of stories but this one kept me on my toes.  Now to see the movie.
Flynn makes the completely understandable instances in our lives sociopathic and it's amazing. It is the Ultimate mystery book everyone should read
One of the best stories I have ever read. The movie was 'Amazing' too. I loved it so much!! I can't imagine a marriage like the one these two have.
So many twists and turns!! You just gotta love it! If you're into suspense/thrillers...then Gone Girl is for you! Can't wait to watch the movie! :)
I enjoyed this book tremendously.  One of those you can't bear to put down!  This is really shocking, because I saw the movie first and hated it...
The language is a little over the top but it's one of the best books I've read in a long long time.  A lot of twists and turns. A truly great read.
I saw the movie first.  The book filled in gaps that could not fit into a two hour time frame.  It made the movie make more sense.  I recommend it.
A complicated, but easy to read book. Didn't want to put it down because you never knew when the next twist would come. Can't wait to see the film.
Extremely fast read with fun and unexpected plot twists.  While not the ending I would have expected or chosen, it was excellent to the bitter end.
Brilliantly written.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat for nearly the entire read.  I finished this in about two days and would highly recommend!
So many twists and turns-you'll never stop guessing!!! The characters are so awesomely addictive and you're never sure who you want to be the hero.
This book captured my interest, I couldn't put it down. I would have preferred a different ending but this one, given the characters, was expected.
Really enjoyed the story!  Couldn't quit reading the book.  Great characters trying to guess what was coming next, always cheering for Nick and Go.
Amazing so good its scary ish buts is still awesome i read it at the age of ten i was amazed i have never read such an amazing book ITS A MUST BUY.
I have to admit, this book was weird! Not at all what i expected. Cant say much without spoiling it. Read it, be ready for surprise after surprise.
This book kept me wanting to turn the page. At first I didn't care for the back and forth style, but then I found myself waiting for the next turn.
This book consumed my life for a few days.  It had twists and turns that I was not expecting, and I like to think that I can expect the unexpected.
This book will have you sitting at the edge of your seat, confused, and going crazy and you will not be able to put it down. Truly an amazing book.
If there is such a thing!  I love Gillian Flynn's books.  She's a wonderful writer with a vast knowledge and ready wit. Can't wait to see the film.
If you are interested in edge of the seat tension when reading, this is the book for you!  Once I got into the book, I really hated to put it down!
Keeps you guessing; characters aren't the typical sort in most of the books I read. This was suspenseful and surprising and I couldn't put it down!
EXCELLENT book... One of the best books I've ever read.  It has lots of twists and turns!!  Hard to put down.  I would highly recommend reading it!
I love all of her books. I read them all back to back. Very engrossing and well written. I believe they are even making movies out of some of them!
What a roller coaster. Great read overall. The story takes twists and turns. Whenever I had the ending figured out, a new development would unfold.
I had gotten this book immediately prior to the movie coming out. I was glad I finished the book before seeing the movie. The book was much better.
I love that this book shows how crazy people can be and how love can bring the best and worst out of people. I was rooting for Nick the whole time.
This book kept me interested from the first page to the last page.  I was very impressed with the story.  I can NOT wait for the movie to come out.
The characters and story were crafted with such mastery.  I didn't like the wife (or the husband) & yet I couldn't stop reading!!!  Excellent read.
loved the book It kept turning the plot around and aroundgone Girl by gillian flynnwell written bookrecommended to all my friends
Loved this story, great writer, very interesting and not at all what I expected.  Good storyline, wonderful characters and I was sad when it ended.
Downloaded this to my Kindle less than a week ago, and finished it today! Such fun to read! The story is delivered from the voices of the two main characters, Nick, the husband, and Amy, the wife. A woman, Amy, is missing. Where is she? The clues  seem to lead to murder, and who is the prime suspect? Nick, of course. Where's the body? Nick writes from the day his wife disappears claims innocence. We read Amy's diary which starts with the beginning of her relationship with Nick. A true love match. The reader gets hooked and that why it is so difficult to put the book down. It is best not say much about the book. You need to read it and have the fun of following this convoluted relationship and the mystery yourself. I don't think you will be disappointed. Love books that take place in the immediate present.
It is very hard to write a review of this book without giving any spoilers. Having read some of the reviews, I should say that you should only read this book if you like non-traditional suspense stories with rich characterization. You might also like this story if you have been intrigued by, again, DARK, stories about relationships and marriage. If you are someone who does not like a dark story, who gets prissy if there is profanity a novel, and can only invest in a story if you like the main characters, this is not for you. This is a page-turner, and in my case, a compelling listen, keeping me exercising in hot weather just so I could hear what would happen next. The narrators in the audio version, particularly Julia Whelan, are spectacular. The most wickedly entertaining book I've encountered in years.
This book starts off very slow but once it takes a turn it was a page turner. It is scary to think that someone could create all this destruction.
Keeps you guessing. A little creepy in the end, but definitely not lazy ending you read so often.  Great character development.Hard to put down.
I never guessed the entire book what would happen at the end. Is the first time in my reading experiences that I've had that. Can't put this down.
Excellent.  Like how she wrote his and her prospectives of events.  Being a law and order kind of guy I would have preferred a different ending...
Great mystery and puzzle of a story. Ending could've been more but the ride there was great. Looking forward to reading other books by the author.
Flynn is adept at getting inside the heads of both characters, brilliantly.....her use of language is clever and creative.  I read it in two days.
Seriously the best fiction novel I have ever read! So many unexpected twists. I stayed up all night and finished the book the same day it arrived.
I really wanted to read this before I see the movie! This book kept me hooked until the last page and the ending was a surprise. I'd recommend it!
One of the best thrillers that I have read in a very long time. Masterfully crafted down to the last detail with twists and truns at every corner!
Filled with twists and turns, this book is hard to put down! It is an exciting, engaging read! If you read it at bedtime, plan on staying up late.
This book was great. Lots of twists and real life character struggles. Some really shocking surprises.Overall  great read I would highly recommend
This story really reels you in, making it hard to put down the book to do anything else. I enjoyed Gone Girl and will recommend others to read it.
Loved it, loved it. This book has indeed swept me away. It was exciting, thrilling and full of suspense. Want more  books by this amazing author..
I really liked the book....very interesting characters.  I may have ended the book a little bit different but I still thought it was a great read.
very mind twisting reading  never sure who or what did it  definte ending i would never predicted  sorry for some of the characters left stranding
An evil twisted plot that keeps you guessing.  Prepare to be hooked and want to read it all in one day. I can't wait for the movie to be released.
A very good read, holds your interest till the very end. Didn't like the ending much. Will be interested to see how the movie stays with the book.
This story has lots of intensity, every time you think you know what's going to happen, you get completely surprised. It's a very intriguing book.
Amazing twists until the very end! Very nicely done! Characters are very well developed. I couldn't put it down until I completed the entire book.
Read this on a friend's recommendation. Nice storytelling by Ms. Flynn. You will be attached to this book until you finish it. Highly recommended.
This book was one you couldn't put down.  It had many twists and turns throughout the entire the book.  I have liked all the books by this author.
I really enjoyed it! I thought I had it all figured out, but NO.Would recommend it. What an ending, didn't expect it. Looking forward to a sequel.
Amazing craft! Compelling and full of adventure, compassion, and angst. The main characters flaws remained true throughout as we'll as their lies.
This was an awesome book. The ending was not what I expected. I would have liked to have more about what their next chapter together would be like
Well worth the read and I loved the discussions several of us had afterward about potential interpretations.  That's what you want in a good book.
Pretty darn gud. Kept mi turning teh page. I liket the one part where they were doing the thing. Yeah.
I found myself sneaking away to get to the next chapter. Flynn's tone is so readable and the characterizations so well done. This is a must read.
Really enjoyed this book. Didn't love the ending.... but left room for a sequel so I guess that's okay. Definitely suspenseful!! Reads very fast.
Definitly a good read. It does switch around on you and make you hate a certain character! I will be reading this again after watching the movie.
Even though I knew the ending (I saw the movie before reading the book), I still loved the book.  What a brilliant plot with plenty of surprises!
What a great book!  I loved that it kept me guessing until the end.  Lots of twists and turns. I will be looking into other books by this author.
Was such a good book I found myself talking to the characters.  Can't wait to watch the movie and compare.  Will find other books by this author.
This was an interesting book with a twist that was unexpected.  .  I enjoyed reading it and will be happy to read this author again  I recommend.
Loved this book.  Superbly crafted, brilliant character development, and could not put it down.  Look forward to reading Ms. Flynn's other books.
Each time I thought I had the characters figured out, I was totally wrong. This book kept me glided to the pages all the way through. Brilliant .
Wow, just wow. Not what I expected. A truly on your toes crazy story. I do not think that I have read a book with more plot twists than this one.
I loved the twists and turns in this book! Fantastic character development.Gillian Flynn has a wonderful mind!Is there a second book?
This book is exceptional in every way - the prose, the structure - all so unique, fascinating, captivating...  read it. trust me, you'll love it.
I enjoyed Gone Girl a lot. First I felt sorry for the husband, then I felt sorry for the wife, then I disliked them both. The end was a surprise.
This book never ends! Even after its over its still mind bending and unbelievable. Highly recommend that if you're considering this book, READ IT
Each page turn took me somewhere I didn't want to be but I couldn't imagine leaving.  It was troubling and I found myself cheering along the way.
Very well written with surprises throughout.  Wish the ending would have been elaborated on a little more, maybe they left it hanging on purpose?
Definitely not what I expected.  This book was hard to put down and kept me on the edge of my seat trying to figure out what was going to happen.
I just finished reading it in a book club.  We found it interesting, with unexpected plot turns, and a puzzling finish.  Definitely worth a read.
I couldn't put this book down.  The writing was masterful, the plot surprising.  So many twists and turns...I'm waiting for a sequel.
Great twists and turns. The authorities a great job developing his characters..he made the transformation of Amy and her husband very believable.
I couldn't put it down.  Very much a page Turner with lots of twists and turns!  Just when you think you know what is going to happen, you don't!
This book was a page turner. I couldn't put it down. It keeps the reader wanting to know what happens next. I will definitely see the movie next!
Could not stop reading this book!! Thought it was slow . forming the characters in the first few chapters.But then wow!  Have to see the movie!!!
Great story! Pretty much kept me on edge! l recommended the book to my daughter and even bought her a copy. She loved it! she just saw the movie.
Great story, kept me up late reading I could not put it down. I was surprised to the end and have recommended this book to my book lover friends.
It's as good as everyone says. I hope that you have the experience I had, reading it fresh without knowing anything about the plot or characters.
I rarely post on the books I read on my Kindle, but I liked this one. The story unfolded and was an eye opener into my own relationships in life.
Really enjoyed this one, must read, would probably read again seeing it has been a while, am i right in thinking this has been made into a movie?
A real page turner, keeps the reader off balance, steady growth of character throughout. Unsettling conclusion. Totally engrossing and different.
The book captured me from the beginning.  A can't put down...kind of book.  The twists and turns were great.  Thank you for a strong summer read.
I couldn't put this book down. Every chapter is leaves you hanging. If you like a good mystery with lots of twists and turns then read Gone Girl.
The whole ploy keep me completely intrique during the entire book.  Best book I read in awhile. Heard its coming out in a movie.  Will go see it.
Good twist at the end. A rare style of mystery and twisted people. Not your typical plot twist and formula.probably buffer than the movie will be
Well exceeded my expectations. I didn't want to put this book done. It's as thoughi was there, a character in such a story that could be so real.
This was my first book to read by author Gillian Flynn and it was really good.  It kept me so enthralled and I couldn't wait to see how it ended.
Great Read and wow!  Scary and believable that there are possibly people in the world just like the main character.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Loved reading this book. I bought it because it was on a list. I was not disappointed. It keeps you guessing and trying to figure everything out.
Not what I expected even after hearing about it. Really different and totally unexpected. Don't wait for movie because the book is always better.
Great always changing always twisting tale of love and betrayal. Has you guessing until the very end and still leaves you with lots of questions.
Absolutely loved it! Couldnt put it down! Twists and turns everywhere! Would highly recommend to everyone to have a read and get lost  in it! :-)
Good read, exciting and somewhat predictable .....a great book club pick.I would recommend this book. We enjoyed the read and the suspense.
Very good writing, goes deeply into characters and personalities, intrigue at the most, a very good book, but not if you are in a depressed state
Both plot and characterization came together to create a fast-paced story which often left me wondering how the next chapter would go. Excellent!
Great story ...  a  little hard to follow in the beginning but got the hang of it .. and it was  well worth it  :D  Now will watch the movie  :D
My new favorite book! So much better than the movie. I stopped halfway through the book and ordered more books by Gillian Flynn. It's that good!
Great book, keeps you guessing the whole time and the ending is very unexpected. Even if you're expecting the unexpected it still surprises you.
Loved the book! I am waiting for the sequel because when I turned the last page I needed to have more story line, she needs to be stopped! Lol!!
Great Story! I always like to read the book before I see the movie.  I might skip this movie however - don't want Ben Affleck to ruin it for me.
Awesome engaging and thrilling read! Refreshingly different from the mass crime thrillers out there... I really Hope the movie lives up to this!
This book kept my attention very well and even though you can figure out what is going on fairly quickly it still has many twists and surprises.
I couldn't put this book down. It was written very well and enticed the reader to befriend the characters, almost against your better judgement.
This book made me think in a different way about the stories in the news. I enjoyed reading  and didn't want to put it down until I finished it!
It is a page turner...I could not wait for the next page.....what a great book and movieThe biggest surprise is when Amazing Amy returns!!
I loved this book it was full of twists and turns. It kept me on my toes the whole time. Anyone who enjoys a good thriller will enjoy this book.
Really kept my interest. Could hardly put it down. Looking forward to seeing how the movie handles it...never as good as the book but we'll see.
Loved the twists and turns in this story. The author kept me guessing and I guessed wrong. Didn't love the ending as it kind of kept me hanging.
I was rooting for Amy almost all the way through the book, and was very surprised when she turned out to be just the opposite. An amazing story!
Great novel.  I watched the movie and then read the book and neither disappointed.  Will not give any spoilers, but go ahead and read this book.
I have to say that I was engaged throughout. It took me a little while to get used to the authors writing style but in the end I loved the book!
This was one of the best books I have EVER read!  A true page-turner with an unbelievable twist! Made me want to read more books by this author!
,I liked that both sides of the story was presented.  My husband is going to read it after me. I recommend this book of twists and turns to all.
Was great, unexpected fun. I enjoyed the twists and turns and surprised at switching my loyalties from one character to another. Really enjoyed.
This is a wonderfully intense book with twists and turns that keep you reading. I am on to her other books and hope that she keeps writing more!
This story has so many surprises, and you never know what's going to happen next. Just the kind of book I like to read.  I couldn't put it down.
I was skeptical in choosing to read, GONE GIRL, simply because of the hype. But, I caved and ended up enjoying it immensely. Highly recommended.
Fast reading but constantly shocking. Truly unpredictable! Leaves you hanging! There has to be a sequel! Cannot wait to compare it to the movie!
Read this provocative tale before you see the movie. Interesting format with alternating chapters in his voice and her voice. What is the truth?
Wow!! Wow! Wow! Wow!  I literally could NOT put this book down.  Either could my daughter or friend! Excellent Read!!!  Off to the movies we go!
More than a mystery, this is an in depth study of character. The characters are fully rounded, and the story is intriguing. Exceptional writing.
The story takes many sharp turns that continually surprise and entice. I couldn't put it down. And the ending left me in suspense one more time.
Such a great and clever book, but absolutely the worst ending I have ever read. Overall though, the writing is great and the storyline brilliant
I read tons and tons but rarely give five stars.  I love this book!  IT kept me engrossed from beginning to end.  I did NOT want to put it down.
Haven't read such a good book in ages. Definitely made me want to drop everything I was doing and just read to the end. Well done Gillain Flynn!
I thought I had this book figured out and it actually surprised me.  That doesn't happen too often.  I wanted to read it before I saw the movie.
What a cliffhanger. I kept turning back and forth on last page sure that I had missed a page. I'm almost mad but chucking how abrupt the end is.
Great book. By part two I didn't want to stop reading. The author did a good job keeping me engaged throughout the book. Very fascinating story.
Great book. By part two I didn't want to stop reading. The author did a good job keeping me engaged throughout the book. Very fascinating story.
A M A Z I NG ... Captivating from beginning to end. Gillian keeps u guessing and double guessing the characters, the motives and the intentions,
very exciting as well as quirky. An emotional roller coaster as you take one side or the other trying to figure out the good guy vs the bad guy.
lots of twists and turns, keeps you wanting to read the whole book without stopping. a nice mix of suspense, mystery, crime, drama. a must read!
An amazing, manipulating read.  Couldn't put it down. The characters are complex and constantly keep you guessing. I highly recommend this book.
Very well written. Suspenseful, chilling, thought provoking. What twists. This book will make a man think about the consequences of his actions.
Thoroughly enjoyed the ride.I don't want to reveal anything to spoil it for others, and so will just recommend you read it yourself.
This was an incredible story.  It will both shock and surprise you.  I hear they are making a movie based on this book...I can't wait to see it.
This was an incredible story.  It will both shock and surprise you.  I hear they are making a movie based on this book...I can't wait to see it.
It was a terrific read and I could not put it down. A twisted story of a love-hate relationship...surreal. I can't wait to read her other books!
well written book with some twists and psychology. I will not forget this book. It hangs on to me like Defending Jacob does and reminds me of it
Great Book!!  A GOOD thriller with a real twist!~I highly recommend it to those who like thrills and mystery!A real twist in it.....
A MUST READ! THIS BOOK IS A PAGE TURNER, AND DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND READ IT PLEASE! I READ IT VERY QUICKLY AND IT WAS AMAZING TWISTS AND TURNS!
I liked this story so much I have no idea where to start. I was literally spending all my time thinking about this book. The ending was superb.
Kept my interestCouldn't wait to see how it endedInteresting how they moved back and forth from Nick to AmyReally a good read
Saw movie first..it was good..book was better...good to the last drop..what happens next...we need to know..need book #2...Gone Girl Back!!!!!!
Saw the Movie first (on purpose). I was very excited to be able to get more in the head of the main characters--Really brilliant tale weaving !
Sick story that grabs you and won't let go to the point of no return I am rooting for Nick but unless there is a second book he won't win
Twist after twist, very well done,Gillian Flynn.Would like to see what happens next.,great for when you are looking for a pleasant distraction.
I haven't seen the movie yet, and I wanted to read the book first. I always prefer the book over the movie. This book was a page turner for me!
Intrigue that keeps you guessing until the end.  A clever way to write both characters thoughts and movements.Good read for anyone.
The book is addicting and definitely entertaining throughout. The ending was maddening. Overall worth reading, but leaves you itching for more.
Best book I have read in a long time. Can't say Anyang without giving anything away.  Wow!  Kept me hooked for a weekend, couldn't put it down!
Gillian Flynn is an intellectual, witty writer whose words take you on a suspenseful journey within the lives of complex characters. Loved it!!
Many twist and turn. Never expected the ending but I definitely do see a Gone Girl 2 in the Making which I would love to see. Awesome Read!!!!!
Twists and turns unexpectedly, never predictable. Have recommended to many already. Makes you see how messed up the human psyche can really be.
An absolutely brilliant book.  Enjoyed every bit of it, well written and the twist in the middle was so unexpected.  Would highly recommend it.
l could not put it down. I HAD to know what was going to happen. Crazy interesting...but the ending is annoying...maybe there's a second story?
l could not put it down. I HAD to know what was going to happen. Crazy interesting...but the ending is annoying...maybe there's a second story?
Recommend this to all who want to be taken in from the first chapter.  The writing is amazing and the story shocking. Look forward to the movie
I just finished rereading this great book in anticipation for the movie. I can't get over how great and truly disturbing it really is. Love it.
This book is just amazing!!! If you likes thrillers and not-so-conventional endings, this is for you. You'll enjoy it from the very first page!
Gripping novel. The ending is frustrating, but unsure of how it could have ended otherwise. Literally couldn't put it down. Highly recommended.
Such a great read!  I couldn't put the book down from the very first chapter!  I definitely recommend it and I am looking forward to the movie!
So rare to find a book that sustains you every time you pick it up. Leaves you wanting more. One of the best crime mysteries I've read to date.
First book I have read by this author and I was absolutely obsessed. I could not put it down! Definitely will be reading more by Gillian Flynn!
wow, really scary.  Not what I expected.  Has all the best in what makes reading fun. Suspense, not predictable, anticipation; love, love, love
Couldn't put this down.  The ending wasn't quite what I WANTED to happen but I loved the story nonetheless.  A couple of screwed up characters!
However, very disturbing.  If you don't want to think deeply and suspect (or, more horribly, understand) your nearest and dearest...don't read!
Amazing turn around. Didn't see any of it coming! One of those times you want to look inside the authors brain and see what's going on in there
A friend recommended this to me a YEAR ago, and i just procrastinated to pick it up.  But once I did, I couldn't put it down!  Very intriguing.
loved the book recieved it on my Kindle, I can read anywhere, yeah! I love Am,azon!!!! Its so easy and everything always arrives packed well...
Always three steps ahead.  The twist and turns leave you on the edge of your seat throughout.  The scavenger hunt poems are wickedly wonderful.
The writing definitely was subpar but yet the story was intoxicating most of try way thru. I enjoyed it and couldn't put it down til I was done
It was a very unusual subject and not one I had run into.  I was quite fascinated, but was disappointed by the ending.  Still was worth reading
What writing ! I have read her other two books... Her twists and turns keep you hooked! Well written and well done! Can not wait for more work!
Her best novel yet
I really enjoyed reading this book. It kept me engaged. I think the ending is great, even if you figure out what happens earlier in the story.
Funny how you start off hating Nick and feeling so much sympathy for Amy. But Wow! By the end of the book your feelings have switched persons.
Wow!!!!!!! Better than the movie:) although the movie was very well made! Great read, highly recommend to everyone. Couldn't put the book down
Definitely a page turner. I found myself changing sides in the beginning and then hoping for a final escape at the end. None stop mind bender.
Very interesting read. Lots of twists and turns! It is an entertaining book. A love story for all genders. I want to read more by this author.
Several interesting plot twists that I did not see coming, although the end was spoiled for me prematurely I still enjoyed this book very much
This book was absolutely amazing alor if twist and turns ..And Amy was crazy as I dont know what a must read will definitely leave you stuck😁
Great book, very suspenseful and keeps you guessing. I found this book to be very twisted and I love that about books when it's unpredictable.
This book is definitely going on my list of top ten thrillers. A smooth read. Great characters. Great plot. The best book I've read in awhile.
I read this book before I found out the movie was coming out and it was really good that I couldn't put it down.  Ended up reading it in 1 day
My husband said, ""I know you love a book because I think to myself I had a wife but she's gone.""  I read it in less than 24 hours, great book!
Surprise after surprise! This book kept me on my toes for sure and had the perfect amount of description without boring me to tears. Loved it.
Wow twist and turns. Just when you think you have it figured out there is another path taken. I will definitely read another from this author.
Exceptionally well written and never dragged or became repetitive. The ending leaves a clear option for a sequel. Hope it is soon! I'm buying
Could not put this book down.  A perfect mystery thriller.  EXCELLENT.  Still haven't seen the movie because the book put me thru enough, lol.
A great book. Kept me guessing the whole time. The characters were so twisted. Buy it and plan on spending all your waking hours finishing it.
It is well written.  With all the twists and going back and forth in time and perspective, I couldn't put the book down.  I really enjoyed it.
Dark and twisty, excellent read! Couldn't put it down! Love the unexpected twists and writing style of Gillian Flynn. Highly recommended read!
Excellent book can't wait for the movie, very suspenseful and kept me guessing highly recommend. I am going to read Gillian's other books now!
Didn't exactly like the ending, but I would recommend it to anyone.  I gave the book to my sister and am anxious to see what she thinks of it.
I found this book hard to put down. Can't wait to compare the movie to the book. I heard the movie is not even close to the tone of the story.
Really good! Left me on the edge of my seat the entire book. Really a quick / awesome read. Finished in just over a week (reading on and off).
Amazingly well written, with superb twists and turns, though the ending is a little wonky and unresolved. I found it completely unputdownable.
I had to read it, didn't just want to, had to. That rarely happens to me. Or exclaiming out loud. I was a little disappointed with the ending.
Many twists and turns. Kept me intrigued!!  Very hard to stop reading. HIGHLY recommend THIS BOOK. It takes a GOOD book to keep me interested.
It kept me guessing and shifting alliances. It was also deeply disturbing. I'm so involved with the characters, I wonder what will happen now.
I hope the movie follows the book. I am interested to see this play out. You want more towards the end, and if you read it you will understand
A great vacation book.  Keeps you interested and reading without making you think, (too much.)  Excited to see the movie, that's coming right?
Gone Girl kept me so intrigued throughout the entire book.....I had a hard time putting it down! well written and satirically amusing...
Couldn't put it down! Well-written with an original plot. Hard to decide if you love or hate the characters. Keeps you guessing until the end.
This book is twisted for sure but oh my god addicting. Gillian Flynn is quite the writer. I will most definitely be reading more of her books!
This is the story of Nick Dunne. He lives in Missouri.  On his fifth wedding anniversary his wife disappears.. He is a suspect. Very exciting.
Amazing story. Surprise twists. Unexpected ending.  Believable, characters with deep flaws character. Must go read more books by Gillian Flynn
I couldn't put this down. The characters evolve In a surprising way. A little twisted, but a fun read for vacation. You won't be disappointed.
I have read all of Flynn's books, and this is certainly her best so far. It is well thought out and intriguing. I look forward to more by her.
Great read, great story. Looking forward to the screen adaptation to see if it captures all the nuances. A must see if it is true to the book!
I couldn't put the book down. I was surprised at the ending. the characters in the book interested me. what a great imagination the author has
Well written, very interesting story that surprises you on every page. It would make a great movie. Great book to take on a vacation with you.
Full of surprises. I was intrigued from page one and finished this book in a day. Don't start unless you have the time to read the whole book!
I always recommended this book to anyone looking for a good read. Once you start its hard to put it down! Definitely one of my favorite books!
This book was impossible to put down, so crazy and twisted I'll probably read it five more times! This is a great read for any type of reader.
Fantastic book!  Starts out like a good relationship-type of novel .... then it gets a little cray.  An enjoyable read for both men and women.
I couldn't put this book down. It keeps you wondering through the first half and then adds suspense throughout the second. Highly recommended!
Great read.  I had a hard time putting it down.  A book club discussion group recommendation.I look forward to this author's next novel.
LIKE A HE SAID, SHE SAID.  VERY CLEVER WRITING AND BELIEVABLE STORY RIGHT TO THE END.  EASY TO SEE WHY IT STAYED ON BEST SELLER LISTS SO LONG.
I am a Gillian Flynn fan and have loved the other books.  I didn't think that they could be topped, but this one is the best book I have read all year. I couldn't wait to get to the end...and I hated to get to the end because I didn't want to not have this book to read.  This is a complicated story of a marriage (more complicated than most I assume since it involves crimes) that has really gone off track.  Amy and Nick have serious problems and just when you think that one of them is more screwed up than the other, they surprise you.  There are more twists and turns in this book than you can imagine and the things that Amy is capable of will never cease to amaze you.  This book is so well written and the story so compelling that you will be entirely engrossed.  I just loved it.
This one is a page turner, kept me on the edge of my seat.  Always a new unexpected twist and turn.
I waited... Did not see the movie because I wanted to read the book first ! I am so glad I did ! What a gifted writer. I will be reading more
Reminded me of early 80s movie ""Body Heat"" with William Hurt and Kathleen Turner. A lot of bait and switch with an unexpected ending.
Flynn is a fabulous wordsmith and storyteller. I'm looking forward to reading more books from this author, and of finally watching the movie.
It took me a couple of chapters to get used to the back & forth point of views. Other than that it was a great book! Keeps you wondering.....
This book was delicious, that's how good it was. It was just the right amount of dark and twisty to keep you reading. I couldn't put it down.
Very well written mystery that kept me reading well past my bedtime. Loved the story. Will be looking for other books written by this author.
Excellent book right from the start it captivates you. I can't believe what is going on. I recommend reAding it. Can't wait to see the movie!
It surprise me how the characters in the book changed I didn't expect that turn in the characters. It did make the book more interesting!
Started slow for me but became like run away train once I got into it. Colorful plot with enough twist and turns to make it a very good read.
Couldn't stop reading!!!  Total thriller and will keep your attention!  Can't wait to see the movie! Plan on reading some of her other books.
...drama.  It took one crazy author to write to this.  A very good crime drama that I thoroughly enjoyed.  Might not be to everyone's tastes.
A book that keeps you guessing!! Gillian's writing style is unique and doesn't allow you to put it down! Got through this in just a few days.
Amazing roller coaster ride.  Not at all predictable.  Didn't see any of the twist and turns coming. I would recommend this book to everyone.
Great book. I heard the movie was just as good. Author did a great job of keeping it suspenseful. The plot twists definitely kept me reading.
I liked that I was surprised, it was not predictable.  I thought the beginning was a bit slow. I would recommend this book to all my friends.
I really enjoyed this book. It grabbed my attention right away and held my interest all the way through. Always kept you guessing, what next?
I loved every minute of it except the last few pages. I hate how it ended...so much lost potential! Ugh! It was a phenomenal book until then.
Wholly satisfying, couldn't put it down and I can't get it out of my mind even a few weeks after finishing. Standout book of the year for me.
really i would say 4.25 or 4.5 but Amazon doesn't let you do 1/2s so i rounded up.riveting book.  glued to it.  hated the ending.
Couldn't put this down.  Absolutely fascinating book with some characters that you won't soon forget.  Great read!  Can't wait for the movie.
As soon as I started reading this book I couldn't put it down. loved it from start to finish. Can't wait to read more books from this author.
I really enjoyed reading this book. Wonderfully written, page turner. I will recommend it to family and friends. Can't wait to see the movie!
Awesome Book!  There are lots of unexpected twists and turns that anger you a new level as your turn each page.  I would recommend this book.
This book was awesome right from the first page! Well written...entertaining...and never did I guess correctly what was going to happen next.
This was one of my favorite books of the year.  Well deserved best seller ranking.  Could hardly put it down.  Lots of plot twists and turns.
And to know me is to know that I don't say that lightly. Absolutely phenomenal! So wonderfully written and positively impossible to put down.
This crime story gives a funny and grimly true image of life as a couple gone bad. You think you know what will happen... but then you don't!
Initially a little slow picking up but I was totally surprised at the twist in the story. Could not stop reading...perfect for our book club.
Great book so unlike anything else I've read. I couldn't put it down. Great characters that make you think how crazy people are. A must read!
But entertaining for sure. Keeps you interested the entire time.  Not sure where it goes from here in the next book - will be curious to see.
A disturbing story with some awesome and exciting twists, I couldn't stop reading this, on top of the amazing story it was very well written.
I'm looking forward to the movie so much.I thought it was a great read... Even though I can't decide if I looooove or hate that ending!
Twists and turns of plot keep reader invested from the start.  Excellent description of the complications that can develop in a relationship.
Excellent writing, characterization and plot.  Lots of twists and turns and the best use of unreliable narrators I have seen in quite awhile.
Loved this book, but ended up hating both the main characters.  Each wanted the other dead, they just took different paths to that objective.
Held my interest from first page -- hated the ending.  Characters were very engaging.  Plot almost believeable.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Gillian Flynn did an amazing job with this book, my jaw literally fell open at one of the plot twists. Can not wait to read her other novels.
It was great read, very intriguing.  Hard to put down.  It was very intense as you delved deeper and deeper into the mind of the protagonist.
Best book I have read in a long time.  I couldn't wait to get to the end, it was not disappointing.  Great, fast, interesting read.  A must!
Great book. Read it after seeing the movie and I really liked both. The book is definitely better though. Captivating story and great ending
Best book I've read in a while. Neatly captures the complexities and contradictions or modern married life. Or of modern life. Great writer.
Great read!!It's a great emotional roller coaster! I can't wait for the next book. Her writing is so easy to 'read and get into.
Awesome book with a twisted ending that disappoints cuz it doesn't follow the stereotype ending.  Definitely a must read now on to the movie
I couldn't put down my Kindle.  A new twist with every turn!  I loved the format of the chapters: his view and then her view or diary entry!
Amazingly astonishing & sad. Cannot imagine this relationship, incredibly mad and psychotic.  Frustrating and very scary.  I would run away!
By far one of the best books I have read. The ending was certainly unexpected, so I am looking forward to a sequel. Very, very well written.
Let my friend borrow it for her opinion she loved it. Bought a kindle edition for another friend, he hated it. I look forward to reading it.
okay, I gave it five starts because it was one of the best suspense books I've ever read.  Having said that, I hated the ending.  Nuff said!
I was very impressed with this mystery thriller. Just when you thought you had things figured out, a new twist develops. A captivating read.
Five stars for a book that could keep me up reading! I read the book in three days, I could hardly put it down. Great character development.
Loved the book.. Read it because I could not get to see the movie but I'm sure I'd like that too. Ben Affleck must be perfect for that part.
She is one twisted highly intelligent character. I'm not quite sure how Amy came to be how she is but boy it was a fun read! Poor poor Nick.
could not turn off! it was very hard not to go see movie in order to get to the end! Glad I read the novel, going to see movie this weekend.
So many twist and turns and a perfect amount of crazy. Just when you think you know where the story is going, bam! It was very well written.
Great read! Saw the movie after finishing the book.  It was well translated to the screen. Great flick! Gillian Flynn wrote the screen play.
Has you guessing till the end.  It's a roller coaster of emotions.....I enjoyed the whole book and truly enjoyed the way this author writes!
The story is disturbing yet addictive, constantly twisting and turning. Can't wait to read the authors next books. Such a great storyteller!
Anticlimactic, but a good read nevertheless. I just wish the ending was different.How...? I don't know how. I'm not a writer :-)
I read this book in a day. I was hooked after reading the first page. This is a thriller on a whole other level.... Well done Gillian Flynn.
absolutely beyond description and I've read a good deal of pure physiological craziness that defies reason. brilliantly thought out. genius.
Very well plotted out. Kept me guessing for a long time. The Amazing Amy interjection throughout was an added bonus. Good read until the end
Except for the end. I was disappointed. All of the mystery all wondering what was going to happen I expected more of an ending then they had
Great book. Lots of surprises. First time reading this author. Hope to read more books  of his. Lots of action and a very well planned plot.
A very different style of writing and thought patterns........I not sure what to make of it..............I hope it never happens to you.....
GreatLoved the book, great story. I couldn't put it down!!!!!!!!!! I'm definitely recommending to someone else. Can't wait for another
I couldn't put this book down.  It was an easy read that kept you on the edge the whole time.  I look forward to other books by this author.
suspenseful and kept you guessing the whole book.  didn't like the ending much, was expecting a good twisting ending but that didn't happen.
So many twists and turns, it was hard to put down at the end. I enjoyed the thoughts about life, love and womanhood woven through the story.
Gillian Flynn is amazing, this novel, like her others, kept me guessing until the very end. Captivating, well written, overall a great read.
This book is a good psychological thriller. A modern-day Hitchcockian tale. Keeps one guessing. Really makes you wonder about the author. :)
Wow, a spellbinding book. Couldn't believe the ending! Just makes you ponder marriage and relationships. And what goes on in people's heads.
Quite the page turner... I couldn't put it down. Completely suspenseful till the end. Highly recommend. They need to turn this into a movie.
I would highly recommend this book, I couldn't put it down. It left me wanting more I got to the last page and couldn't believe it was over!
I loved this book! This book brought out the binge reader in me.  Once I picked it up, I couldn't put it down.  Just could not get enough...
Came in on time for a class that I had to use the book for. Characters are freaking nuts...not even kidding. Follows the movie fairly well.
What a page turner! Gillian Flynn put together one help of a book. The details and intricacies are insane. I want to read more of her work.
Not really my kind of book.  Too much gruesome. Especially did not like the way it ended.  About middle way you figured out she was physco.
Kudos to the author for writing in such a way that made be so interested in peering into the lives of two completely despicable characters!
Couldn't put this book down! I recommend to anyone who loves suspenseful books. It was more than I expected, which was a pleasant surprise.
Excellent study of emotional imprisonment, the first have of the story moves slowly, but worth continuing.I would recommend this book
I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in suspense. Well written and amazing. Lots of twists and turns. Wished for better ending
I read this book in 3 days.  I didn't want to put it down.  Just when you think you know what's going to happen you find out you are wrong!
Filled with twists and extremely interesting. Literally couldn't put it down stayed up so late I needed a few extra coffees in the morning.
Really good book! Had me gasping with every sick twist! Amy and Nick are sickly right for each other. Would definitely recommend this book!
Many twists... Loved this book. Recommending it to anyone who has any predisposition of romance. This captivating story may challenge that.
Heard all the hype, had to read this! It's  worth it!Makes  you  think you know what's  happening  but what a mental twist it makes !
This book had me right from the get go.  It was a roller coaster ride of suspense that had me changing sides and theories with every twist.
I loved it. I couldn't put it down, had my mind spinning. If you want a good compelling read, grab a copy of this and prepare to be amazed.
Involves the reader into the story ....so you are never sure of the outcome.Delves into the intricacies of underlying mental prowess.
Surprised me I read cover to cover in one sitting.  It started a little slow as many good books By about  1/4 of the book the hook was set.
I am glad I read the book before seeing the movie.  What plot twists!  It keeps you on the edge of your seat. Excellent and very different.
Very entertaining, fast pace read,enjoyable and different. Full of twists and turns, shocker of an ending...Keep you guessing kind of read.
This book is a page turner, I didn't want it to end! Better than the movie which I ran out to see as soon as I finished the book. Fun read!
Loved the book! Can't wait to see the movie. The twists and turns made it hard to put down. Looking forward to reading more by this author.
This book was amazing! I love unpredictable stories and this was definitely unpredictable. So glad I read it before going to see the movie.
Uncomfortable but honest look into a psychotic, narcissistic couple that leaves you grateful for normalcy. I was truly terrified to finish.
I have read this twice.  Great story.  Can't wait to see the movie.  Taking my husband, should be great.  I hope it us as good as the book.
What a crazy yet mesmerizing book! I couldn't put it down and at the same time wish I had never read it (not really but it is really crazy)
Slow to start, then bang, you cannot put it down!  Mind boggling!  You think you have it all figured out, then another twist.  A must read!
This was an amazing book! I'm not sure I like the way it ended. I wish there was another book where Amy is figured out! Still a great read!
Kept me interested the entire time!  I couldn't put it down and it was dummy how you change teams while reading it, team nick or team Amy?!
love the portraylal of a disintegrating marriage. can't wait to find out who the big  bad is...I think it's Amy's daddy...terri
Loved every bit of this book! Gillian really made have that love/hate relationship with Nick and Amy. It was an amazing rollercoaster ride!
It doesn't need my 5 stars anymore - but a beautifully constructed story - absolutely loved it - and totally devastated when I finished it.
It's a little bit slow at the beginning but once you get into it you'll be surprised and then you can not put it down, it's very addicting.
Loved the individual dedicated chapters and it was a page turner from the beginning. Loved it!  Wished it didn't end the way it did though.
I just could not put this book down. It was totally engrossing. I purchased Dark Places and Sharp Objects as soon as I finished reading it.
What a great novel!  I don't want to say too much so as not to ruin anything but seriously, a MUST read!!!!  You won't want to put it down.
Excellent!!!!! Psychopathic wife goes missing and husband is suspect #1.I won't say another thing. You've just GOT to read it!!!!!!!!
This book keeps you guessing the entire time through. It's impossible to put down and is wonderfully written. I'd recommend this to anyone.
Gone Girl has humour, romance, mystery and intrigue.Such an interesting perspective that kept me turning pages, couldn't put it down.
Twisted, somewhat dark and simply addicting! The roles are developed flawlessly and leaves you wanting a sequel! I read the book in 6 days!
Couldn't put it down good read!! Well written and kept me interested until the unexpected end.Don't start it until you have time to commit!
Yes, as my title clearly states, this was one of the best books I've read in a long time. I know that because I literally did nothing ALL DAY today but read it, eager to find out what would happen next. I hate long winded reviews that are basically a readers version of the synopsis, so I will simply say that if you like a riveting, twist filled, curiosity feeding story that completely flips you on your head midway through the book...you'll be very pleases with Gone Girl as well.I will say, one thing I didn't love was the ending. Don't mistake me, this was still an unbelievable book from start to finish, and I did not feel cheated or let down by the ending, but I was just hoping for a different outcome...maybe a little bit more at the finish line.
This is a hell of a read. Very fast paced. Enjoyed it thoroughly and then left it on the coffee table to scare the crap out of my husband.
This book started off a little slow...I almost gave up on it more than once.  I'm glad I didn't....once it caught my interest, it held it!
This was an excellent read. Very well written and full of suspense. I was completely absorbed in this novel, incapable of putting it down!
SUSPENSEFUL from the beginning. I read this and have not watched the movie. Really enjoyed it and it kept me guessing until the very end!!
Holy Cow! Spooky. Wonderfully dark, twisted. No way to guess what's going to happen next. The best of mysteries with some thriller twists.
I was hooked on this book and couldn't put it down. So ready to watch the movie now as I waited to watch till after the book was finished.
A well-written book that kept me engaged as a reader. Flynn created magnificent and dark characters that were almost too real for comfort.
I read this book in 4 days. It was so good, and so on the edge of your seat reading. Did not care for the end, I get it but I needed more.
As a good murder mystery should, I was biting nails the whole book, as it turned into a murder mystery unlike others I've read. Very good!
Is as good as everyone says. Can't put it down I keep reading it again! So scary my husband hated it lol. A classic, at least at my house!
I feel like I am not done with this book. I want to read more and more. It was totally not what I was expecting, in the best way possible.
It was quite amazing, a true horror story for our modern Internet crazed generation. Gave me several nightmares, but was also enthrall ing
Great book that is hard to put down.  Easy must read!  Hard to not picture Ben Affleck as Nick since the movie already came out though lol
Well written,I couldn't put it down. Wanted to know what was happening next. Went to the movie and thought it followed the book very well.
After the first couple of chapters or so, I was hooked.  I didn't want to quit reading. Loved the twist and turns to the end. Pure genius!
Chapter by chapter it kept me at the edge of my seat. Captivating story with an interesting writing style...is amazing Amy really amazing?
So many twists and turns. An absolute page turner.  I can't wait to read more Gillian Flynn. This was my first, but certainly not my last.
I really had no intention of reading this book but I'm so glad I did. I couldn't put it down.  It takes you in and doesn't want to let go.
This is original and compelling novel. I hated the ending but in many ways it makes since. Also, the movie based on the book is very good.
Amazing to read an author, that keeps you compelled to turn the pages or in my case touch the right side of my kindle to see what is next.
This has to be one of the best novels I have ever read. I saw the movie yesterday and will definitely buy the DVD whenever it is released!
I just which it would have had a different ending.  I don't like endings that leave you hanging or where you have to use your imagination.
I didn't anticipate one twist in this story. It was great and surprising every time . The authors tone and voice is relatable yet shocking
One of our book club reads. Loved 99% of the book.  Didn't love the ending but interested in seeing how it has been changed for the movie.
Loved it. Nuf said. I recommend this to all readers. You don't want to put it down. Stuff like this could really happen and probably does.
Masterfully crafted, and a real page-turner. Don't be tempted to see the film first, as you'll miss out on this terrific piece of fiction.
I absolutely loved this book. A lot of twists and turns. Can't wait for the movie!! I just hope the movie isn't too far off from the book.
Every time I would think I had it figured out, I was proven wrong. True edge-of-your-seat thrill ride! Can't wait to read more from Flynn!
It had me from the word ""Gone.""  It's been a long time since I've read a book that ended in a way I wouldn't have imagined. Kudos.
Such. A. Good. Story! I was completely sucked into this and couldn't put it down. Loved the way the story was told. Didn't want it to end!
Loved this book- I couldn't put it down. I've never come across a book that was so witty and funny, but a murder mystery at the same time.
Such a good read. I can't believe the twists and turns. Kept me entertained and intrigued the entire time. Definitely a page turner. Enjoy
Great read! The author did a great job keeping the truth under wraps until HE was ready for his readers to know. I recommended it to many!
Amazing!Definitely a must read! The author puts into question love, relationships and sanityReally couldn't put the book down!
Couldn't put it down, loved that there were so many twists and turns... You never knew what was coming next...really kept you on your toes
Really pulls you into a complex tale of disappointments, failed communication and righteousness. You must read it and decide for yourself.
Each time I thought I'd figured it out, there was another twist. Well written, captivating and smart. Can't wait to see the movie version!
This book is very enthralling and keeps your attention every step of the way.  Every time you think you know the story, you don't. Enjoy!!
GONE GIRL"" WAS ANOTHER TO CAPTURE MY ATTENTIONFROM PAGE 1.  I HAVE PASSED IT ON TO FRIENDS.FLORENCE L. WASHBURN
Gone Girl has been on the best sellers list for quite a while. Read it and you will find out why. I loved the book and would recommend it.
I have to admit that when I first started reading this book, I only got about 10 pages or so and had to stop.  It just felt too boring to me, so I went on and read something else with more action.  I decided I didn't want to waste the money I spent purchasing the book, so a month or so later, I started it from the very beginning again and this time I decided I would be patient enough to keep reading.  I AM SO GLAD I DID!  Wow....what a great story!  I absolutely loved this book.  I don't know what I was thinking when I stopped reading it the first time.  This time, I could not stop and it just kept getting better and better.  I was cracking up at times, shocked at times....but overall, I came away from reading this thinking that it was simply BRILLIANT.
I watched the movie first and figured I needed to read the book. Super good. I do t know what I would have done in the husbands situation
This was a fun book to read.  I looked forward getting back to it every night.  The end was a bit of a let down but overall, a good read.
Great read! I have recommended this to several of my high school students as well, and they love it, too. I am a huge fan of this author!
OH MY GOSH!! I could not put this book down! I would definitely recommend this book to any reader. No matter what genre you usually read.
the box was well written and some of the plot was unexpected leaving me thinking OMG!the book was much better than the movie.
Richly developed, complex characters and believable thoughts,dialogues and actions from both a male and a female perspective.Great novel!
Holy s#$@This book is twisted and so good. Worth reading! It's very twisted. And so scary to think how realistic this can be.
It holds your attention to the point of not wanting to put it down.  I have heard from others that the movie was not as good as the book.
I truly enjoyed the book but kept wondering how the movie handled the story line.  I will see it at some point.  Did not like the ending.
This was a very intense read!!  Twists, turns, and a whole lot of crazy!!  I was very surprised by this book!!  Very slick storytelling!!
I loved and hated this book simultaneously. I couldn't put it down and though the ending really upset me, I found it an enthralling read.
Page turner, made me want to keep reading. Half way through I was thinking where could this go then it flipped! Ending made me want more!
Characters were very lifelike, and the story kept you in suspense during the entire novel.  You never knew what was going to happen next.
One of the best reads... finished it in one go... keeps you hooked till the last page... u truly created an amazing thriller Gillian Flyn
Loved the complex psychological aspect to the story. Really well thought out. Haven't seen the movie yet - hope it's as good as the book!
Terrible book  but interesting she would be a great Steven King character.  But she is a great Gillian Flynn character as is.  Five stars
At first I thought it was a bit simplistic, with an interesting literary structure. Then it got interesting with the turn of one page ...
Absolutely awesome read. This was one of those books I couldn't put down as I needed to know what was next. I highly recommend this book.
All I can is wow! I found myself rooting for the husband and then the wife and then back to the husband. What a brilliantly written book.
Keeps you engaged. The story never fully quite goes where you keep guessing it will go. Definitely recommend, a thriller & a page turner.
Can't wait to see the movie!  Loved this book, kept me on edge  the entire time.  Just when I thought I figured it out, it changed again.
This was a great book!  It started out slow, but once it picked up, it was hard to put down.  The ending is surprising and disappointing.
Couldn't put it down. Love all the twists and turns! I went from team Amy to team Nick several timesCan't wait to see the movie!!!!
Once you think it can't get any better, it does! This novel keeps you on your toes and is near impossible to put down. Very well written!
I have  heard so much about this book, an  every positive this was spot on! I love  how the writer goes in-between Nick & Amy's thoughts.
This was the best roller coaster ride ever of a read.  A must read for all engaged couples.  Highly recommended read for married couples!
My friends were right, once I read through 1/3 to the aw the book, I couldn't put it down. But I had try expected a much better ending...
Really good writing. And the way to the tell the story was the best. And I like the end, I don't know way other people complain about it.
I've read the book a while ago and seen the movie this weekend and l love both,but with  the ending in the book and movie I did not like.
Amazing..cliffhanger at the end of every entry. Unbelievably clever. Highly, highly recommend. Author is a genius..keeps you on your toes
A must read. You will love and hate and love again the characters in this story. Gillian is a genius! Like nothing I've ever read before.
A page turner I've never read before...was she killed? Was she not? The ending kept changing in my head...didn't want this book to end...
Amazing book. Always keeps you guessing!  Definitely could not put it down. A must read for anyone who loves a good suspense filled book.
Great book. Definite buy.  Lots of twist and unpredictable. I recommend it highly. Very entertaining and suspenseful. I would read again.
Couldn't wait to get to the end! Amy was defiantly one true ""psycho bitch"" like no other character I know. I highly recommend it!
The book was very entertaining and well written.  I enjoyed it immensely.  I look forward to reading more books written by Gillian Flynn.
You'll never see it coming. Great character development.  Although, you'll find yourself wondering if any of them deserve a happy ending.
I was completely immersed in this book.  Twist after twist, this was well written and I can't wait to see it portrayed on the big screen.
Wow!  From the first page, I was completely drawn in and couldn't put this book down.  What a view into the mind of a complete sociopath!
Read it in 2 days. Very good book. My book club selection. Some good twists and turns. Can't wait to read some more books by this author.
Read this in a day and a half - couldn't put it down. Maybe not fine literature but did some fun rearranging of noir/femme fatale tropes.
This is a great book to read. I think everyone should read this book its a real eye opener. Little slow in the begining but great finish.
you can't put it down..It unravels perfectly.Flows very well, story twists just enough to keep you enthralled in what happens next.
Gillian does a masterful job of keeping the reader completely engaged all the was through..Get it today and you won't put  it down.
This book kept me engaged from the start. The ending left me wanting more, so I'm hoping there is a sequel. I highly recommend this book!
Two very sick and very crazy people who use love but can't live love.A roller coaster thrill that will keep you upall night.
Finished it in less than 24 hours!  It was a great book to read while traveling! I thought I knew what was coming next, boy was I wrong!
Great read. Characters are well thought out and easy to envision. Kept me wondering until the end how it would resolve itself. Loved it!
I did NOT expect this story to play out as it did. Best book of 2014 hands down! The authors other books pale in comparison to this one.
A pleasure to read.The story kept me going the whole way through. Loved hearing the story from the 2 different perspectives.
Great read! I wanted to read the book before seeing the movie & boy am I glad that I did! It was an amazing story that kept me guessing!
Each chapter alternates between characters, letting get inside the minds of both lead characters. I liked the movie, but loved the book!
The book takes you on an emotional roller coaster. Looking over your shoulder with every twist and turn of the story till the eerie end.
Fast paced twisted tale of two narcissistic main characters embroiled in a crazy marriage. Well written - I even learned some new words.
Just read this a second time after watching the movie. It's still fantastic. Smart characters, brilliant pacing, and dark humor aplenty.
What can I say that hasn't already been said.  Dark, crazy, upsetting - this is a book that will stay with you long after you finish it.
It couldn't have ended any other way. Sometimes fantasy is more realistic than real life. This book reads like a classic Hitchcock tale.
Awesome hooked from beginning to end! Definitely a book worth checking out. It had humid, mystery, suspense. I recommend it to everyone!
Creepy twisting tale of a marriage gone very wrong.  A wonderfully written story that keeps you engaged and guessing until the very end!
You will go into withdrawal when you finish  this.  The characters become real, if only for a few hours/days.  Hope there is a part two.
I wanted to read the book before seeing the movie. The book really kept my interest up. The twists and turns really made it enthralling.
Great Novel, it definitely keeps you interested an entertained every single page to an unexpected ending!  I would totally recommend it!
Wow. That's almost all I can say. This was a good book, quite a psychological thriller. I will be reading her other books now, for sure!
Suspenseful.  Exceptionally written. Didn't see that one coming. I have enjoyed all books written by this author. Tell all your friends.
Great read - kept me turning pages but didn't like the ending, unless it was written with a sequel in mind. Would have liked resolution.
Kept me wanting to read more.  Couldn't put it down, can't wait to see the movie! If you like unexpected turns, you will love this book!
Rate it 5 stars. Excellent book. Hope she writes more along this line. Couldn't put book down. Lent it to a friend, she said same thing.
I had only read what the book was about before reading this book and I tell you what....so very intense and awesome.  It is a must dread
So many possible endings and certainly not the one I expected...but great read! Will be reading more Gillian Flynn novels in the future.
Good book. Great ending. Slightly predictable but only because the author really gives the reader insight into the protagonist's psyche.
Incredible book with so many twists and turns. I have never read something with two such unlikeable characters that I couldn't put down!
Well. Two nights no sleep with little communication to the outside to finish this thrilling can't stop turning the pages book! Loved it.
One of those books I couldn't put down.  It kept you on your toes until the very end!  Be ready for a couple all-nighters with this one.
What an explosive, can't put down kind of book. I would recommend  this book to anyone who likes mystery. I am anxious to see the movie.
Absolutely fantastic read. Twists I did not see coming and the ending had me I wanting more! Once I picked it up I couldn't put it down.
Loved the dual narrator husband wife story of confusion and betrayal and struggle. Clever and accessible. Things are too good to be true
Every chapter seemed to bring something you didn't expect.  I was a little disappointed at the way it ended but otherwise I  enjoyed it.
Full of twists and turns!! Kept me guessing throughout the whole book! Highly recommend! Planning on reading another Gillian Flynn book.
I love the book - page turning kind of book.Ignore other reviews if your looking for something to read for fun buy it and love it.
Different. Exciting. Unexpected. Unlike anything I've read in a very long time. Great characters, great story. Great ending. I loved it.
Very well writtenI'd recommend to anyone who enjoys intrigue.Kept me interested throughout. Although I did not like the end.
Keeps you guessing until the end. Characters well-defined, and well researched. The movie should be very interesting as well. Good read.
Very well written. Thought provoking.  Ending was not expected.  Don't know if I really liked the ending but enjoyed the book very much.
Not just a quirky love story, but a good thriller as well. It kept you guessing what would be the next twist and turn till the very end.
It keeps you guessing.  I also love the format of the storytelling. I would highly recommend it.  The audible version is also very good.
What a totally great book - full of twists and surprises and fascinating, weird yet believable characters. An exciting enthralling read.
I am not an avid reader, but every once in a while I find a book I just can't put down. This was one of those books. I highly recommend.
It took me a bit to get into this story telling style, but once there, I couldn't put it down.  Really looking forward now to the movie.
Gone Girl is master of plot twist.I couldn't put this book down. I was torn between what side to believe. I'm truly stunned.
Great plot! So many twists and turns. Kinda disappointed in ending only because I wanted more! Can't wait for the movie in October 2014!
I read this book in one day and I can honestly say there was not a moment where I wasn't hanging on the edge of my seat! It was amazing!
I loved this book so much I gave it to my sister -in- law for Christmas. Quick read of a love affair gone very bad. Interesting revenge!
Best book I've read in a VERY long time.  Such a cliché, but I could not put it down.  The back-and-forth perspective was cleverly done.
This book was great!!  Kept me on my toes and wanting more.  I could not put it down.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone.
very good book nice twist. As they say you can know more about your spouse than you know about eachother than they know about themselves
Great read! Sucks you completely in! I was captivated by the characters and their twisted minds.But the ending...why. weird.
My doctor recommended this one to me.  Great refreshing  style and a real page turner. Very well written. Amy reminds me of my ex wife.
So absorbing... I read it twice!  It delves deeply into the controlling nature that can be a big part of seemingly loving relationships
Loved, loved, loved this book. Wasn't expecting the twists and turn it took and never saw the ending. One of the best reads in a while.
Nail biting, unbelievably crazy. I couldn't put this book down. A lot of language that could offend some people. A very chilling story.
I'm still in awe of how fantastic this book was. I already want to read it again. Unreliable, unlikeable narrators. I loved every word.
So well-written. Fantastic plot, and the characters jump right off the page. It's truly frightening to get inside this particular head.
Captivated from the beginning. Couldn't stop till I finished. Fell asleep one night reading and stayed up half the next just to finish!
Very good read!  I had to truly concentrate to understand all the twists and turns!  I rented the movie as soon as I finished the book.
This is an easy read with some surprising twist and turns. The ending is not what I expected and I can't really wrap my head around it.
Great read, had me just rushing to turn the pages. I so enjoyed this book and then saw the movie which stayed pretty close to the book.
I loved the book more than the movie. The novel was well-written and I suggest this novel for people who love twists in the story line.
Very interesting...lots of twists. The best I've read in a very long time...so many plot twists, definitely kept me wanting to continue
The story is crazy, but well thought and very well told. I'm still not sure what I think about the end. I plan to watch the movie next.
Great novel. Kept me reading intensely, right to the end! Loved the book club questions, that have kept me thinking beyond the reading!
Weird book, but I loved it. Keep me interested, and that is what a book is suppose to do, right?  We all need a little weird sometimes.
Flynn does a great job captivating me  throughout the whole book.  The story line is brilliant and impressive. Definitely a great read.
Oh my word. I didn't see this one coming.  Wow the curve ball hits u when u least expect it.  Excellcent I can't wait to see the movie.
One of the best... Most thrilling books I've read in a long time. I would recommend it to anyone. Now I'm looking forward to the movie.
must read.  so many twists and turns my mind was racing to finish each chapter.I loved the way each chapter changed perspectives.
I loved this book. Great turns and amazing twists! I am definitely going to read more by this author! Heck, I may even watch the movie.
Unlike other reviewers, I felt that the ending was brilliant. Not what I expected, but that's what made it so much better. A must read.
Twisted. You think you know. You think you don't. You trick yourself again into thinking you do. And then it simply becomes... Twisted.
So many twists and turns make this book hard to put down.  Just when you think you have it figured out, a new situation changes it all.
Riveting read! Surprising twists throughout . I saw the movie and it was true to the book because Ms. flynn also wrote the screen play.
Excellent read.  It leads you down one path and then changes direction. The book is well written and I had a hard time putting it down.
This book was an excellent read. It was riveting from beginning to end, I could not put it down! I can't read to more by Gillian Flynn.
Kept me wanting to turn the page. Ending wasn't my favorite, but that still didn't take away from the drama and greatness of the story.
Page burner.  Excellent method of leading reader to conclusion of the book without hints of what the resolution  of mysteries would be.
There are many twists and turns throughout the book which keeps you guessing, didn't want to put it down. I highly recommend this book.
This book has so many twists and turns. You just can't put it down! Definitely  a great read!! I just recommended it to all my friends.
What a crazy and unexpected twist! Such a great book. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a good suspense. Well written!
I really thought this was going to end up bein a mushy love story and it was far far from it! Exceeded my expectations def recommend!!!
Great book. Interesting throughout with lots of plot twists.  Not crazy about the ending 😔. But most books don't end as you would like
Best read in a long time!! Loved it. Very interesting with lots of twists and turns. Highly recommended it. Will never guess who did it
Good book. Interesting way to write it, I do think the ending could have been a little more exciting. To me the end fell a little flat.
Truly a page turning.  This book will be coming to the screen in the fall.  I would highly recommend it if you like suspense/mysteries.
I wasn't sure about it in the beginning but I am really glad I stayed with it, the story was surprisingly good and I really enjoyed it.
Likable characters.  An easy read.  Would make a good movie.  Sweet and uplifting.  Just what I needed.  Will read more of this writer.
Amazing book great plot twists and characters. Have read all her books so far this is my favorite. Great casting for the movie as well.
Not at all what is expected and I love those kind of novels.  I couldn't piece it together early and love all the twists.  A good read.
it was good and complex at same time. haven't read a book that drew me in as much as this one did. never would have dreamed the ending.
You will not be able to put this down. Amazing twists,and turns that spur unexpected results and an ending I didn't see coming. Genius.
All I can say is wow.  Just wow.  What a crazy bunch of characters. So entertaining and fun to read. It left me wanting to read more!!!
I couldn't stop reading.. I simply had to know. I am a bit disappointed with the ending but maybe there is an opportunity for a sequel.
Loved this book. Couldn't put it down. Unbelievable twist that I never saw coming! Can't wait for the movie to come out later this year
Loved this book!  I was hooked after a few hours of reading...wish it would have lasted longer.  On to reading more from this author...
I found early parts of the book a bit boring but kept reading, eventually couldn't put the darn book down. lol Can't wait for the film.
Loved this book and was surprised at the ending! I wish it was longer so the ending could be altered to show what happens between them.
Great book!!  One of the best I've read in a long time!  Brilliantly written and wonderfully suspenseful.  Great character development.
This book was a mind blower. The story is about a man, Nick, dealing with his wife Amy's disappearance. I loved how it was told. This book was meant to be told first-person because it would not have been as great any other way. The plot twists and the clues kept you guessing. Wondering what was to happen next. The first part pulled me in and had me completely engrossed in the story and it characters. The second had me guessing if I even read the characters right. Maybe these were different people, which they were in a sense. The ending shocked me so much that I could stop raving about how it ended. I reread the last chapter three times to make sure I comprehended it right. It is definitely one I am going to recommend over and over.
One of the greatest novel to me. The way it was written was beautifully done. Keeps me on the edge of my seat while reading every page
Heard so much about this book and finally read it. Strange ending for sure.  Looking forward to reading another book by Gillian Flynn!
I enjoyed all the twists and turns. It started out a little slow, but then Wow! It got me. Definitely give it a chance. It's worth it!
Well done. Crazy twists and turns. Abrupt and fast ending. It keeps you guessing throughout all of the events!  Two strong characters.
Just as good as the movie. Enjoy twisted killer storiesAmazing how someone can be so sneaky and twistedEnjoyed the madness
I loved it and was so shocked at the end.  Never would have guessed their final decisions always kept me in suspense.  Very well done.
Fun and full of twists. Gillian Flynn has made me dizzy with plot, character, and a dark understory that will keep up you up at night.
The best ""who done it"" I have ever read.  A very surprising ending.  The book was so sensational that I went to see the movie.
I don't read often, this book caught me in the very beginning I loved it!! Can't wait to watch the movie now! Yes I'm a little behind!
A real page turner.  All married couples should read this book.  Just when you think one way, the plot thickens.  Lots of fun to read!
What a wonderfully contrived story! Twist, turns, double backs and in the end pity for all characters. I wonder who is more ""Amazing"".
Keeps you on the edge of your seat, very unpredictable. Crazy twist to constantly keep you engaged and wondering what will happen text
Love it!! Can't wait to read more!! Movie should be great!!!!! Very suspenseful ! Kept my full attention!!!!! Gillian Flynn is amazing
Super book which I couldn't put down. It's hard to relate to a mentally ill person - but regardless very suspenseful and entertaining.
great read after seeing the movie and being left ""up in the air"" ...the book gives you closure!  Excellent unputdownable read!
Very good book keeps you guessing. couldn't put it down. Would recommend reading. Would like to see a sequel to find out what happens.
Captivating, well written and nicely portrayed by rosamond pike and Ben Affleck in the movie adaptation!! Simply super and captivating
Great book.  I always think the books are so much better then the movies.  This was a real page turner with lots of surprising twists.
Story held my interest thoroughly. Was unsure what was going to happen and greatly surprised. Would enjoy a second book on their life.
And amazingly creative. Many unexpected twists and turns. Could not put it down. Want more of Gillian! Thank you for a wonderful read.
excellent book. I saw the movie before I finished the book but it didn't matter because the book goes much deeper into the characters.
This book was entertaining and very well written. I think it would appeal to many different tastes. Definitely worth the (quick) read.
Had to read the book before the movie. Must say...one of my favorites. I couldn't put my kindle down. Read the entire thing in a week.
Very suspenseful!!  A good read -highly recommend.  Where is Book Two?  I couldn't put it down.  Very different story.  Bravo Gillian.
This book keeps us thoroughly intrigued...a real kind thinker .....well written and very much enjoyed the writings of Gillian Flynn...
Well written and intriguing! I couldn't put it down. Great story full of twists and turns. Hope the movie is half as good as the book!
Excellent Book! kind of a sad ending, but you really never know what is going to happen until you get near the end..she is a psycho!!!
Enjoyed this book hard to put down, although I had hoped for a more conclusive ending, too much left unanswered, wanted to see revenge
My second reading of this book... A classic psycho thriller will keep you guessing how can a marriage go so wrong, yet can it survive?
Once I started reading I had to clear the calendar for the day because I could not put the book down.  It's a good thing I am retired!
I really hope there aren't people this crazy... Great book. Very suspenseful and a bit emotional. Will read it again after therapy! :p
good twists,hope they make a movie out of it. I loved how dark and twisted Amy and Nick became. I'm on to the next Gillian Flynn book.
Great exciting read! I couldn't put it down! I was constantly wrong with my guesses for what was going to happen next and I love that!
Love the way this book was written....great twists and turns I did not see coming! Looking forward to reading more from Gillian Flynn!
I loved the shifting perspectives between the chapters - it was perfect storytelling! And the ending was quite unexpected and perfect.
A lot if twists and big surprises in this book! An amazing read, keeps you wanting more, loving and hating the characters all at once!
Amazing book that kept me on my toes at all times, her writing is so vivid that it keeps you wanting to read ! Defiantly worth reading
Five stars.  Incredible chilling detail and sick twisted wit !  From start to finish,  building tension and psycho craziness.  Perfect
This novel was twisted in the craziest ways! I never expected how the mystery unfolded itself. This was a great read, and page turner.
thought I would hate it. started out A little slower than I wanted..I almost put it down.....then I was hooked...line and sinker.!!!!!
Gillian Flynn has kept me reading way past my bedtime again.  This book took me on such a fantastic journey within the human Psyche. .
As most people will say when it comes to movies based on books, this excellent book was (to me) even better than the excellent movie.
I love books with twists that keep you on your toes...this one was everything I wanted and more.  Now I am ready to watch the movie!!
Great read, very interesting especially the ending.  Last page really leaves the reader wondering what's going to happen next to Nick
Enjoyed the book very much! Loved all the twists and turned! Keeps you interested.would recommend to anyone who likes a good mystery.
a terrifying novel. so well done. leaves you in suspense at every turn. you won't want to go to bed till you've read every last page.
This is a read that you will not want to put down or stop talking about. ""Gone Girl"" is intelligently written and engrossing.
This is a very mysterious story.  Right when I think I know who did it, the story turns in a different direction.  It's well written.
This is a marvelous plot of two people living a life that is based on the fantasy of a sick mind and a compelling desire for revenge.
Interesting...enthralling...twists until the very end! I don't want to say more because I'm afraid I'll say to much...read this book!
It hooks you right from the beginning! Excellent narrative and keeps you on the edge of your seat with several plot twists! Must read
What a page turner. The twists in this book are just very entertaining and shocking.I just wish ending would be different
Just  when you yhink you have this book figured out it turns a corner and changes again ,, really keeps you reading and wanting more!
I finished the book in two days I couldn't put it down! All the twists and the turns...the game...WOW! I can't wait to see the movie!
Loved the book! It took a few chapters to catch my interest but after that I couldn't put the book down. Can't wait to see the movie.
What a dark turn into the mind of madness. I won't spoil the book, but this must be what it feels like to be in the mind of craziness
A slow beginning, I almost didn't continue....but then comes the fantastic middle and addictive ending.  Can't wait to see the movie!
Thoroughly enjoyed this book! Was hoping for a more happy ending, but should have known better considering Amy's devious personality!
Very entertaining story. Multiple twists and turns in this modern thriller. Didn't like the ending but that is the writers preference
I couldn't put this book down. I honestly had no idea what was coming next. I would have preferred a different ending........I think!
This was a book that kept you guessing. You never guessed what the next chaper was going to bring.  The ending is a surprise for sure
Very well written, awesome plot.  Excellent character development.  Story pulls you in from the start.  I highly recommend this book!
wonderful wonderful wonderful!!!!!! I was completely engrossed in this book with no time to put it down! What a great story line!!!!!
A great intro into the psyche of both sides of a realtionship. This keeps you guessing about the cahracters and yourself! A must read
Loved the suspense, the twists, and the incredible way the story unraveled. It was riveting, I had a hard time putting down the book!
Very easy read.  Grabs you from the start and never lets you down!! Read this book if you love characters that are easy to relate to.
Suspenseful and interesting. I really enjoyed it.I don't want to say too much and ruin it for others. This one kept me guessing
A real page-turner. You will love meeting the characters and the ending is very interesting. Get it now... You won't be disappointed.
That should have been the title.  Incredible read with all the twists that you don't ever see coming.  Can't wait to read the sequel!
Catches your attention, cannot stop reading, one long run-on sentence that keeps interrupting with the changes. Love this book period
Well written and cleverly constructed plot. Kept me diverted and guessing until the very end. A must read - got to see the movie now.
can't wait to read the sequel! if you liked Malice or Double Jeopardy, you'll love this story! why do people even get married anyway?
Really enjoyed reading this book, had a difficult time putting it down.  Sure hope the move is just as super!!! Highly recommended!!!
This book is full of twists and turns!! A little bit upset over the ending but it does leave the door open for a future book....maybe
A page turner with lots of twists and turns....keeps you guessing.  I felt the ending was a bit weak but still enjoyed the wild ride!
Could have a stronger ending. Oh well you can't have it all. We has it for our book club and all of us expected a bit more from Nick.
I really enjoyed this book, as I have Gillian Flynn's previous books. The twists were great, & the author has an amazing imagination.
The book started slowly but after a few chapters I couldn't put it down.  It is full of twists and turns that are totally unexpected.
Loved the book, so many twists and turns.  So ready for the movie to come out now that I have a deep understanding of the characters!
This book would make a great movie. Love story, suspenseful, psychological, drama, twists and turns, and a great ending! A must read!
I was amazed by how perfectly written this book was. It constantly kept me at the edge of my seat.READ IT. You won't regret it.
I could not put this down. G Flynn is now one of my most favorite authors. I read a movie is now being made. Hope it does it justice.
Great bookCharacters are great story moves along wellCouldn't wait to see what happened nextThank you gillian flynn
Keepings me reading and wanting to find out more and more! Suspensful, murder mystery. Can't wait to read more of this authors books!
I really enjoeyed every minute of the adventure.  The twists and turns and the mind games really made you want to stay with the book.
I read this book in 2 days it was so powerful and addicting. A crazy and thrilling mystery you won't be able to put down! Read ASAP!!
Good action, great story, and quick read. Love the character development and setting. Highly recommend it to any adult and even teen.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. I love books where two very strong characters go head-to-head. Flynn has mastered it!
It has many twists and turns as the characters stayed with me long after I finished the book. I plan to read more of her books! ! BJM
Great Book! Full of surprises and I think most people can relate to the characters. Started off slow but then I couldn't put it down.
Unusual style of  writing, but it works.  It starts slowly then gets very interesting. I couldn't stop reading  until I had finished.
Chilling story about a marriage gone bad, love, hate, and revenge.  Truly a page turner that left me wondering for quite a long time.
Reminds me of Misery by Stephen King. Not a rehash, but a so unbelievable nobody can be that creepy smart psychopathic kind of story.
There's so many twists you feel like you're on a road in Malibu Canyons.. One you start you are committed-- there's no turning back..
I have read this twice, just to see if I could have anticipated the twist upon twist upon twist.  No is the answer.  So-o-o-o-o good!
This book constantly keeps you guessing!! It also takes place in my home state so I could really envision the setting. It is awesome!
Great read!  Lots of twists and turns!  Enjoyed the characters a lot!Quick read and very enjoyable.  Didn't expect the ending!
I did it backwards this time watching movie then reading the book and the book was good. Would read something else from this author.
Kept my interest all the way through with a big surprise ending. (Really did not see that coming!) I didn't care much for the movie.
It definitely kept your interest!!  The main characters were both mentally unstable.  I guess they were meant to be with each other!
Unique back and forth from character to character was riveting.  The contradictions kept me guessing until the last word.  Excellent
I could not set this book down. The way the story was crafted was amazing. I do not want to give any of it away. Just read the book!
I Liked this book very much.Development of characters was interesting with some surprises.Movie was also good but drug out too much.
I haven't seen the movie but understand why it was a hit. The story line is captivating and well written. Good read, I recommend it.
Thrilling and non stop page turning thriller..  A true masterpiece with twists and turns through out the entire novel.  A great read
I loved this book and it was more detailing than the movie! I totally would recommend reading this book and than watching the movie.
It was an unorthodox love story, definitely keeps you guessing.  I thoroughly enjoyed the read and I'm looking forward to the movie.
I haven't found a book that has kept me intrigued in years! I finished this book in a week.  One of the best books I have ever read!
Really enjoyed all the twist and turns.  This book really is ""expect the unexpected"".  A really good read, highly recommend.
This is a great novel! I have not seen the movie, but hope to some day. The novel was easy to read and kept me coming back for more.
Great book! Lots of twists and surprises! I highly recommend to anyone. I mean, it was good enough to make a movie. That says a lot!
First book of Gillian Flynn's I've read, and I'm hooked! Impressive portrayal of multiple perspectives and weaving of them together!
Best book I've read in years! I didn't expect any of the parts of the storyline. Started off slow but once it's started I was stuck.
Great read.  you think you have figured it out,  then new info comes along and you have to recalculate. Fun to read and hypothesize.
This book is incredible !  The twists and turns are remarkable, you can't put it down  Can not wait to see if the movie captures it.
Fascinating book. One can't stop reading it. I admire the creativity and discipline of the author. Can't wait to read more from her.
You will never know what is happening until the last page. You won't be able to put this one down!  Flynn is a creative storyteller!
This book continuously kept me captivated!The suspense and surprises made this such a great read. I would recommend this book.
A very entertaining read! I wish there were more books with this combination of great plot twists and crisp, colorful writing style.
It was a very good book. I did not like the ending. I wonder and I would like to see the movie to see if it turns out like the book.
Loved it, read it before all the movie hype came out. Fair warning the last page leaves you ""scratching your head"" a little.
P u r e  craziness and unpredictable.  Love all the characters, even the ones you're not supposed to.  Looking forward to the movie.
GREAT book, very suspenseful. Great condition. My copy, however, had a GLOWING orange cover instead of the black one in the picture.
One of my favorite books!! Great read!Gillian Flynn has done it again...unexpected twists that make the novel 10 times better!
keeps you guessing, many surprising twists, I couldn't put it down.  The ending may be slightly unsatisfying. Altogether a fun read.
If you are, like me, a little late in catching the Flynn boat, now is the time to jump on board. This is summer reading at its best.
Couldn't put it downWell written fast pace good story line.  Well developed characters.  Kept me guessing and being surprised.
Unnerving suspenseful twists and turns. Should be called how to survive in a psycho marriage. Will there be sequel with. Psycho baby
I got so involved in this book, couldn't put it down. A definite must read. Reading into the minds of the main characters was great.
Peerfect, awesome and loveeee Amy's intelligence,you begin to actually admire how clever she is one of the best books I read so far.
I loved this book so much that I bought her two others.  I have already recommended Gone Girl to friends and am so glad I read this!
A friend of mine encourage d me to read this. So many twists and turns with surprises around every corner! Loved every minute of it!
Loved this book.  Can't wait to see the movie.  Twists everywhere!  Just when you think you know what's going on, it changes on you!
Great book but ending was not what I had hoped.  I wish nick would have gotten the info he needed and she would have gone to jail!!!
Loved this book. So many twists and turns and never boring. I was completely engaged with the storyline and the characters. Read it!
Gillian Flynn writes a remarkable thriller, and there's really only one way to describe ""Gone Girl""- absolutely Amazing. * *
This is  a well written book.  Full of suspense. I was hooked by the first chapter.  The story will keep you guessing until the end!
highly recommend, twists and turns keep you sucked in! awesomegreat readmurder mysterycan't wait for the next book
Slow at first but less than half way in, I couldnt put it down!!! Great writing with lots of twists and suprises I didnt see coming.
Excellent read! Couldn't wait to see what would happen next !!definetly recommend it to anyone interested in suspense and thriller!!
Crazy unexpected twists and turns.  I sure didn't expect how this one went.  If you guess, you will be wrong.  Well worth the read.
This book caused sleepless nights just to know what was going on. The storyline is wonderfully arranged and never stops surprising.
I really didn't think I'd be into this book, but it actually took me places I did not expect to go, and that is a welcome surprise!
Wow, what a story. Couldn't put it down. Would definitely recommend to anyone that likes a good book with lots of twists and turns.
Way better than the movie!  Very cleverly written and the twist will knock your socks off.  Not going to leave any spoilers here...
Twists and turns like no mystery I've ever read. Really strange ending. Maybe too perfect. Kept my attention. Couldn't put it down.
I found the book slow, having seen the movie first.  I gave the book to a friend who had not seen the movie and she loved the book.
You just have to know Amy's thoughts to truly understand! The book explains why she did it, how she planned it and why Nick stayed!
One of the best Mystery/ Suspense / and Romance novels I have read in a long while. I will read other titles written by this author
Loved this book!  Very intense drama and lots of twists and turns.  I enjoyed the movie but the book was much better in my opinion.
The twists and turns are surprising. I read this for my book club and can't wait to discuss it! Now I really want to see the movie!
I am disappointed. But that's what makes a good book. Definitely recommend before the movie. I'm interested in more books by Flynn.
This book will keep even the best wondering what's next. This is an interesting and bewildering read! I loved the constant changes.
Love this book.  Not your typical  'who-done-it' but a whirlwind of intrigue. First Gillian Flynn book but definitely not the last!
Amazing book. Well written. Picked it up and literally couldn't put it down. Was on the edge of my seat the whole time!! Must read!
Gone Girl was such an amazing book with wonderful twists that keep you on the edge of your seat! I had a hard time putting it down!
What a page turner.Well written, plenty of suspense and good character development.No wonder they made it into a movie!
Every twist and turn takes you to an unexpected place. Some times you love a character, sometimes you can't stand them. Great book!
Insanely entertaining. I loved the drama and excitement. Twists and turns every page you turned. A must read for the mystery lover.
I loved this book. Best book I've read this year!! I couldn't put it down. Looking forward to reading other books by Gillian Flynn.
I have known several women like her they will do anything short of murder to get there way, as long as men get sex they play along!
Looking for the sequel, now.  Great book.  I don't want to cloud anyone else's reading experience by my review.  Just a great book.
this book was  very well thought out.  no spoilers... just read it!  you will look at married life in a completely new perspective.
Excellent story.  Love that it did not follow a typical formula.  I read the book in 2 days which shows how hard it is to put down!
I enjoyed the story, the mystery,the psychology of the main characters, and the shifts in points of view. I would highly recommend.
Loved it! Couldn't put it down. It is such a good story and you never figure out what's going on till the author wants you to know.
Awesome. So many plot twists and unexpected turns. I couldn't put it down. Read it before you see the movie! The set up is perfect.
AMAZING!!!!!! Loved this book.. amazing storyline and the writing is just perfect.. More books like this make my life much happier.
Kept me wondering what was ahead.And hope there will be a sequel in the future. Looking forward to reading more by Mr. Flynn.
Keeps you guessing, and gives you so many twists and turns. She (the author) truly has a brilliant mind to write a story like this.
This book is super well-written; an absolute page-turner and you will be emotionally affected by this book. Impossible to put down.
I couldn't put it down.  Written to keep your interest and wondering how it would end.  Anxious to read another Gillian Flynn book.
In the beginning it was hard to get into but once you get a bit into the book it really is a good read with a few good plot twists.
Gillian's writing draws you in immediately and takes you to unexpected places. I read way past my bedtime and couldn't put it down.
Excellent book. The story develops quickly making it impossible to put down. It was unpredictable which is hard to find these days.
creepy book where my opinions of the main characters are constantly changing are you progress through the thrilling gone girl novel
i went on an incredible trip. i love novels like this in which you cannot figure out what is going on until you do a lot of reading
Wow… 2 totally dysfunctional protagonists but must read. A bit slow in the beginning but you must read to understand rest of story.
What a great book! This is a real page turner! I highly recommend. You will not be disappointed. Looking forward to the movie, too.
Guess, guess, and guess again.  The perfect couple?  Very intense read that hits home for real relationships.  Well worth the time!
I couldn't put it down.  It wzs full of unexpected twists.  Great character development.  I highly recommend it to any mystery fan.
Great twists and turns.  Loved it.  Ordered other books by Flynn.  Do we really know our spouses the way we think we do?  Loved it!
Excellent. I loved the fact that I actually believed Nick Dunne had lost his temper; making it look like his Amy was killed by him.
I loved the book but felt like the ending was like running into a brick wall.  The plot is truly engaging, surprising and riveting.
Keeps you guessing constantly, Not the typical thriller, lots of depth and development of characters. Plenty of twists in the plot.
You think you know what is going to happen but it is not exactly what you think.Crazy how it turns out.  Leaves you guessing.
This novel; with its twists and turns... IS A REAL PAGE TURNER... she is an amazing writer and the ending is a shocker... loved it!
Didn't want to put it down!  The plot did not go the way I thought and that was good because I can sometimes figure the ending out.
Kept me interested through out the entire story.  It's a fun vacation read and I'm looking forward to reading Flynn's other novels.
Gone Girl is an energetic, well-written, riveting and suspenseful read that will make you wonder why you waited so long to read it!
This book will make I great movie. I couldn't wait to find out what really happened. Will keep you changing your mind. A good read.
I great book with ""amazing"" twists and turn! Once you through the first few chapters, it truly was a hard to put stop read.
It's easy to see why a movie was made from this book....looking for a sequel now...Wondering what kind of parents they will be....
Exciting and enthralling! This book had me guessing until the end and entranced with the sophisticated psychological perspectives.
Could not put this book down.  I will admit that I don't particularly like either of the main characters, but the book drew me in.
A missing wife, a guilty looking husband and a series of diary entries; that's how this mystery evolves. Well worth the long read!
Great suspense and exciting novel. I would highly recommend before seeing the movie. Very hard to put down once I started reading.
Suspenseful for sure. The ending really caught me off guard. I thought I had the whole plot figured out, but was definitely wrong.
Great  read. I tried to figure out the story line but there were so many twists and turns. I couldn't even guess how it would end.
The story was riveting, with th unexpected, surprising turns. A page turner that I didn't expect. One of the best books I've read.
At the beggining it was kind of slow but then there were some really unexpected surprises. Seems there might be a follow up story.
Long great book really keeps you on your toes. I didn't think the book was going to end like it did but it was a very good ending.
Incredible. I love the way the characters tell their story. And I love Amy's voice. She is definitely a woman that I love to hate.
This was my first experience with Gillian Flynn, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Lots of twists and turns that I did not see coming.
Great story.  Looking foward to watching the movie.  Great suspense, story line.  Wish ending was better but overall, great story.
this book surprises and entertains. I highly recommend this book for anybody looking to read something edgy and with good mystery.
Starts with a very flat speed ... after few chapters, you won't keep your kindle down.One of the best edge-of-seat thriller.
I really enjoyed this book, in fact I didn't want it to end. The charters became fleshed out people, taking me on a crazy journey.
Gillian Flynn's writing and storytelling kept me on my toes the entire time. Such a crazy and twisted story but such a great read.
Great read! I can't wait to see the movie. I would recommend to others. Geez why is there a required number of words for a review?
The book was great.  I was not too happy with the ending.  Be that as it may, it is definitely a worth reading.  Interesting book.
I NEVER saw the ending coming!! I was a little disappointed at the direction rtf he author took but overall this was a great book!
This is a definite page turner. Amy is a complete psychopath and she obviously gets what she wants! Looking  forward to the movie!
Loved it the second time around too.  13 more words required?  That's stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid done
Suspenseful, surprising and disturbing. Everything you want in a mystery novel. I'm hope the film is as good. Might read it again.
Excellent reading.  Took a few pages for me to get into it but once I did I couldn't put it down.  Surprising and shocking ending.
It was great I'm an avid reader and am hardly ever surprised but she surprised me many times. I can't wait to read her other books
Great story, hated the ending.  But who am I to fight the wave of popularity that surrounds this book. Can't wait to see the movie
I couldn't stop reading, well written, I didn't know who or what I was cheering for. Definitely one of the best books I have read!
Page turner with unexpected plot twists. Well worth the read. Look forward to reading another book from Gillian Flynn, the author.
Page turner...  What a way to disconnect and get sucked in...  Psycho folks for sure, who thingIs this way?  A great author.
The book was amazing. I've never read anything like it. The character development is really good, and the story will blow you away
Fantastic read... thriller to the very end.  Haven't picked up a,page turner like this in some time.  Highly recommended. Loved it
Great storyline.  Great characters.  Highly recommend!  My only disappointment was the ending but that's just my personal opinion.
The plot was amazing...totally unpredictable.  I didn't like the ending but definitely a good read. Hopefully it truly is fiction!
This book is a great read with a twisting story. This will keep the mystery and thrill readers guessing throughout the whole book!
This was a page turner--couldn't put It down!  Kept u on your toes throughout!!!!  Highly recommend--you will not be disappointed.
This was an excellent book with lots of twists and turns and a surprise and very sudden ending.  I'm looking forward to the movie.
Excellent character development, liked the way the story unfolded, the ending left me wanting more. Am now reading her first book.
Outstanding suspense, this book keeps you guessing until the end. Well writing and entertaining. I really will recommend this book
Highly recommend this book! I loved all of the twists and turns.  Much better than I anticipated it to be from reading the jacket.
What a surprise this book offers . Who is good and who is bad. And what a conniving  lady this is.. She seemed nice to begin with.
Really enjoyed every this entire book. The suspense and constant changing story lone keeps you turning the page. Highly recommend.
Will keep you interested till the end. Many different twists and turns. Expect the unexpected. Won't believe the ending. loved it.
As decribed... well maintained book. Love reading it so far... Looking forward to finishing it very soon.Very good condition
Truly one of the best books I've read in quite a while.  A very frightening woman.  I'd. be extremely afraid of making a misstep.
Bravo!!!! The beginning was slow but the twists kept you wanting more. Excellent!!! I would highly recommend this book. Good read
Great book, couldn't stop reading! Surprising ending had me thinking there was more but it was over! Now I need to see the movie.
Great book, interesting plot and plot twist... Highly suggest this book... Don't want to kill the story (pun intended) for anyone
Hope the movie doesn't let me down. I was captivated and drawn into each chapter as if I was a reporter their watching it unfold.
The story gets the reader caught up in a secondary, sublime reality.One is always wondering what the truth really is.
Had me on edge and wanted it to go on.  Highly recommend if you enjoy suspenseful psychological thrillers with lots of surprises.
This was very interesting and tricky. Will be interested to see what's in their future.  Definitely and author I'll choose again.
Good read. Not usually a fan of whodunits, but this book kept my interest the whole way. Gillian Flynn writes a believable story.
Not the conventional story line predictable In a way but enough twists in the plot to totally draw me in!!! Wish it didn't end!!!
For readers that appreciate an interesting series of plots full of diabolical reasoning. She's insane  / he's insane - who knows.
This book is simply AMAZING! This story has you turning in circles going.. what? And the ending is just frigging EPIC! Loved it!!
Great book. Was a little disappointed in the ending. Strongly recommend people read the book before going to see it in the movies
Full of twists and turns....makes you think and guess an  then something new happens. Wondering what may come next! A great book.
Excellently written, love the story being told from both perspectives! Twists and turns, ups and gowns, gasps and sighs, so good!
This story of unexpected twists & turns kept me very interested. Make sure to give yourself time - you won't want to put it down!
What a story.  I didn't like the ending .  You will feel so sorry for Nick and want him to get his revenge but it doesn't happen.
There are so many twists and turns in this book.  I could not put it down.  I love when a book surprises me (which is not often).
What a mind bending thriller! It kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. I like having the different angles to the story.
Loved this read. Kept me wondering what was going to happen next.  Read it on a transatlantic flight and it made the time fly by!
Couldn't put this book down. Amazing storytelling. Best thriller that I have read in a long time and can't wait to see the movie.
Don't start this book unless you have time to finish it!! You won't want to put it down. I was captivated by the second sentence.
You'll lose sleep over this creatively-written novel!  So exciting you won't want to put it down until you find out what happens!
I can't wait for the movie! This was a great read....the ole ""never saw it coming"" certainly is appropriate in this case.
Very much different than expected. A great twist in the middle, splendid characters, interesting stand points, fabulous language.
I can't wait to see what they do with the movie! Twists and turns all over the place! Once I picked it up I couldn't put it down!
Lots of twists and turns in the story.  the characters are vivid, flawed and fascinating.  When it ended I wanted to read more...
I found myself saying ""wait, what?!"" throughout this book...just when you think you have this all figured out, you don't.
Clever story that keeps you wondering what's next.Most unusual love story that has an even more unusual resolve that makes sense.
Kept me right on the edge all the way through.  Written fairly well too.  Would definitely recommend for a ""who done it""!
Loved the book! The author knew what she was doing and how exactly to word the entire book. Best novel I've read in a long while!
It was a little slow at first but the second part of the book was a great surprised!  Great story.  Can't wait to see it on film!
The beginning was very very slow but it quickly took a turn for the best. I couldn't put it down once I got over the slow hurtle.
I really love this book!It kept me anxious to know what would happen next. I have recommended this book to a lot of people!
I could not put it down.  Very surprising and unexpected situations. Always kept me guessing. I would read some more of her books
It kept me guessing constantly. I am saying WOW.very well written and at times I ask myself, who can think of these things?
Quick read. Loved the writing style. Interesting story line and I liked the characters. I will recommend this book to my friends.
Excellent read. Would recommend this book to anyone which I thoroughly enjoyed and totally recommended to all my reading friends.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat.  I whizzed right through it because I couldn't wait to find out what would happen next.
This author writes in a way that is unique and entertaining. I have read 3 of her books, and was not disappointed in any of them.
Difficult to put down.  Lots of twists and turns that held your attention. Looking forward to seeing what they do with the movie.
Lots of twists and turns... loved this book. The plot was so good and the characters were certainly believable. Glad I bought it.
Got my attention right away.  Very strong and interesting characters.  Lots of twists.  I couldn't stop reading it.  I recommend.
I refuse to spoil this book for readers, and so I won't say too much. Twists and turns. A seemingly perfect marriage that is really built on a mountain of dysfunction. Unreliable narrator and/or narrators. Words like buttah. Uncomfortable moments of recognition about my own expectations.There was a moment in the middle when I thought the writer was taking a wrong turn to a less interesting story. I was the one who was wrong! Want to recommend this book to ... everyone.
I loved how detailed and interesting this book was!I didnt even lose interest once! Great read and a reasonable price too!
What a Book! Loved it enough to watch the movie......Loved the BOOK.......perhaps passing on a movie is a better thing sometimes
The book was awesome!  Not quite the ending expected! Would have like to have seen Amy not get away with what she did, though!!!
What a thriller! This is one of the best books I have read in a while! I will be checking out the author's other books for sure.
I would say author has created and put story in best possible way to create a thriller. the end however seems incomplete ending.
Loved the book better than the movie. Great writing.  Keeps you on edge with your mind second guessing. I'd recommend this book.
Could not put it down and had to watch the movie immediately after. Book is better. Loved it! Very dark and brilliantly written.
I'm so glad that I got to read this book before I saw the movie! It had so many twists and turns. Definitely would recommend it!
This book will keep you on your toes. Each corner offers a new twist.  A creative story which makes me excited to see the movie.
Awesome book. Though I did have an inkling of who did it, they played it out really well. Well written and definitely a pick up.
Excellent. A page turner. Amazing character development. Of course, the twists!!!! Very, very unexpected read. Highly recommend.
Was a very hard book to get into I almost put it down several times.  When I did get into it I could not put it down.  Loved it!
Well written.  Kept my attention all the way through.  Stunning look at a sociopathic personality and co-dependant relationship.
Fabulous and easy read! Surprised by the ending after several twists and turns. Highly recommended for others to read this book.
A great book that had me guessing wrong at every turn.As the ending sank in, so did the sad reality of martial compromise.
One of the best books I have ever read! So many elements to the book that just keep you wound up. You never want to put it down!
A very intriguing book!!!  Hard to put down and walk away from.  Masterfully written.  The ending leaves it ripe for a sequel.
Lots of twists and turns. Unfortunately I know someone who AMy reminds me of...maybe that's why I found the book so fascinating.
I can't wait to read more of Gillian Flynn. Her character development is so rich and interesting. I couldn't put this book down.
Excellent, suspenseful, a page turner with lots of twists from beginning to end. I loved it and am anxious to now see the movie.
The ending is awful. Well written thriller. Wish it offer a better ending. Because the ending is awful, not sure will see movie.
Then went to the movie...a clever and gripping story. Lots of twists and turns. Not likely you'll figure it out before the end!!
From the moment I read the first page I couldn't put this book down! I went through every emotion possible reading this! Amazing
Very clever plot with lots of twists and turns.  Wonderful characters too.  Great book, fast read...can't wait to see the movie!
Slow start, BUT then, kaboom...I couldn't put it down.  Loved it, although the ending, for me, was very confusing/disappointing.
This book keeps you guessing at every stage. I truly enjoyed reading it cover to cover. I'm eager to watch the movie to compare.
I enjoyed it so much! Loved the twists and turns. He writing style was perfect- I felt like I  was inside the characters brains.
I was  captured from page one.  excellent!  Many twists and turns.  I would definitely recommend this book.  I would read again.
Better book then I expected! Just when you think you know what's going on it changes. Glad I read it before the movie came out!!
It's unlike anything I've ever read. It's twisted and it pulls you. Just when you think that there's still hope for Nick .......
Gone Girl was sad, scary, and exciting all at the same time. I couldn't put it down! I can't wait to read more by Gillian Flynn.
Awesome book!  It kept me on the edge all the time.  You never knew which direction Nick or Amy were going!  I need a sequel!!!!
Riveting, the characters are interesting. You had to keep reading just to see what happened next.  Enjoyed it!  Ready for part 2
An interesting thriller, not always sure who's what.Enjoyable , looking forward to movie. Always a good idea to read book first.
Kept you thinking the entire time. The end could've been a little more defined. Sucks you in and keeps you intrigued entire time
I heard that Flynn got criticism for portraying women in this light. I say - it's accurate for many women I have met in my life!
Gone Girl includes great suspence and mystery keeping you on your toes even at the end. I would recommended this book to anyone.
Loved this book. Couldn't turn the pages fast enough. It keeps you guessing and mentally on your toes. Can't wait for the movie.
Started a little slow but picked up fast.  Unbelievable plot twists!  Really makes one think about repercussions of bad choices.
Fantastic book. Great story line. Fresh. Original. Thrilling. The cover was in very good shape. I highly recommend this product.
I enjoyed the book.  I highly recommend it. Great book.  Many twists. Great ending.  Well written.  Characters you love ad hats.
downloaded after I saw trailer for upcoming movie, it looked good so I gave the book a go. kept my attention and was a good read
Fantastic twisting plot. I could barely keep up with the minds involved here never mind guess what might be coming. A great read
Such a cliche I know, but couldn't put it down. Kept me hooked all the way through. Not for the faint of heart or newly married.
Wonderful read. Highly recommend it. The twist is so good! A great new take on a familiar storyline. I can't wait for the movie.
I could not put his book down from the very first page. Just when you think you have it down, there is another twist. Must read!
I've now read this, Sharp Objects, and Dark Places. I can't pick a fave, as they're all great reads. I may even reread them. :-)
Wow, great story. Fantastic writing. I cannot say enough about this book except READ IT. Even if you've already seen the movie.
This book flows just like the movie! It's the closest pairing I've ever read! Hard book to put down. Would highly recommend it!
Excellent book, makes the reader swing from one person's side to the other, absolutely fantastic, read before you see the movie
Way better than the movie. Freaking awesome book. I couldn't stop reading it. I'll probably restart it again. It was that good.
Suspenseful! Read it before you watch the movie, of course the book is so much better! Looking forward to more from this other.
I really liked the book, kept me interested, but found myself getting so frustrated with the characters and then....the ending.
Many twists and turns, so well written...unexpected ending.  Like this author, will look for other pieces from Me Gillian Flynn
A complete page turner!  I hope there is a sequel...I always love to know what haOpens next in their lives!  Great read,,
Wow, what a story,  I always want to read a book before I see the movie and now I am not sure.  This is such an intricate tale.
Smart, exceedingly well written.  Great story.  Pollyannas should find a different novel. This one is for skeptics. I loved it.
You won't be sorry. I am going to read Gillian Flynn's other two books now because I'm officially obsessed. Highly recommended!
You won't be sorry. I am going to read Gillian Flynn's other two books now because I'm officially obsessed. Highly recommended!
I thought this was a great read.  I must be very naive as I cannot believe how calculating and manipulative the characters are.
The book is better than the movie.  It is a must read whether you have seen the movie, plan to see it, or don't want to see it.
More plot twists and turns than the Mississippi.  Kept me on the edge of my seat with a bang of an ending.  First rate mystery.
I was hooked from the beginning.  I like the way the book is written.  Just when it starts to get predictable, there's a twist.
For anyone who enjoys a fast paced thriller..this is a twisted read, I really enjoyed it I couldn't stop reading until the end!
Very fun read but I only wish that I could have read the book before seeing the movie. :(And he puts it on the top shelf!
Very good book. Glad I decided to read it instead of watching the movie. (Not saying the movie is bad, I still haven't seen it)
Awesome read...started slow but ended with a great deal of emotion! I truly was in a love hate relationship with each character
Even though I've seen the movie I read the book kept Me intrigued throughout obviously the book has much more detail and twists
I liked the pacing and pretty much everything about Gone Girl. The ending may have left a little to be desired but such is life
Great book, always hard to put down all the way to the end. Reading the thoughts of two writers with great minds was fantastic!
Thought provoking, fast paced and well written. Borderline scary. Would love to revisit them in ten years. Kudos to the author!
Very good read. Pretty unpredictable, but I can't say that I liked the ending though. I hope the movie doesn't end as abruptly.
Loved the twists and turns. Ending was a surprise... enjoyed the book a lot. Good read! I would recommend this boom to anyone!!
Such a gripping story with outstanding character growth and changes. Love the way it reads like two dueling diaries throughout.
I could not put it down, it toyed with my emotions and left me hanging at every turn! I highly recommend this book to everyone!
Highly recommend reading this one.  It started slowly for me, but the twisty turns that are taken ...will kept you up at night.
One of the greatest novels I've read.  Has you on the edge of your seat during every page & keeps you guessing the entire book.
This was an excellent book with a great surprise twist. If you like suspense, action and sick love stories... this is your book
Exceptionally suspenseful, with lots of twists and turns along the way. Can't wait to see the movie and compare it to the book.
A real page Turner and a surprise ending. Comparable to ""who's afraid of Virginia Wolff. I would certainly recommend this book.
This book is hard to put down.......if you like to read, you will most likely love reading this book. This book is fun to read.
I wanted to read the book before I went and saw the movie.  The book was very intriguing.  I hope the movie doesn't mess it up!
This book is brilliant! I found myself not able to put it down. It was hard to sleep not knowing what was going to happen next!
Enjoyed very much. Would recommend it to friends. Ending left me hanging but that was the twist. Wouldn't want them as friends.
I loved every twist and turn of this book. Loved the way the stories were told. Couldn't put it down but hated for it to end!!!
So many twists and turns in this book, and then the ending still leaves you wondering what the future will hold for Nick Dunne.
Wow! Well written! Very suspenseful! Couldn't put it down! Love that feeling. I wonder if the upcoming film will do it justice.
A roller coaster of a book...starts slowly, picks up speed and then sends you reeling with twists and turns!!  Great whodunit!!
Can't wait to see the movie!!! Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer.  Hopefully I will enjoy her other books as much as this one.
The quirky characters suck you in. I kept thinking ""one more page...I just have to know more"". Highly recommended read.
Spell binding, awesome, had trouble putting it down, looking forward to reading more of Gillian Flynn's books. Great great book
Page turner--could not wait to find out if I guessed what actually happened. Looking forward to Gillian Flynn,s earlier novels.
Very different from many mystery novels.Gets you mind going in certain directions and then bam,not what you thought! Very good.
Gone Girl is an excellent book.  I was envolved in the book from the first page to the last.  I recommend this book to EVERYONE
The book was wonderfully written.  There were twists and turns at every corner.  It definitely kept me interested in the story.
Such a clever and well written book. I didn't want to put it down. Finished it in one day! Very unexpected ending!! Must read!!
I couldn't put this book down! I stayed up late reading it! I have already recommended this book to my friends that love books.
Enjoyed this book and have recommended it to others.  Looking forward to the movie this fall.  The twists and turns are so fun!
I have no words for how many twists and turns this story had. I don't think I've ever felt this speechless after a book before.
Although this book is a novel, it is written very well.  It keeps your attention with all the twists in the story. A fast read!
This is an unusually formatted book, and an ending I would not have anticipated.  I can see why it was on the best seller list.
All I can say is ""WOW""!!! I intend to read GONE GIRL again and have recommended it to everyone I know who is a reader..
it was good from beginning to end, i had a hard time putting it down.When you thought you had the plot it was a surprize.
Better than the movie. I could not put the book down. The writing is incredible and pulls you in like no other book I've read.
I read Gone Girl after getting hooked on Girl on the train ..Couldn't Put This Book down, LOVE How It Keeps YOU On YOUR toes!!
Great book, stayed up late to read it. Thought I could figure out the end, but the story KEPT twisting! Veryyyy interesting!!!
This book was so unpredictable. The twists and turns had me unable to put it down. Amazing read. You will not be disappointed.
Pretty amazing!! Expect the unexpected. Very surprised with all of the twists and turns. I Look forward to watching the movie.
Well-written, very intricate plot. I haven't seen the movie, as I prefer to read the book first, so I can't make a comparison.
Scary person,  but it's make believe. Hard to put the book down but not the best read I've had. Almost like a detective novel.
An totally riveting read, a real page turner and brilliant storyline. An interesting twist at the end, unexpected and bizarre.
Couldn't put the book down. What a crazy relationship. Hope there aren't too many like this around. Might even see the .movie.
This was a great read. Read it non-stop and finished in less than 24 hrs and now I can't wait to watch the movie this weekend.
The main characters in this book are somehow dark and twisted, yet entirely relatable. The plot is engaging and unpredictable.
Such detail and so many twists and turns! This is the second time I have read it and I saw the movie as well. Love, love love!
The book was recommended to me and I agree it was difficult to put down. A rare truth about the workings a a sociopathic mind.
Well written and suspenseful, with interesting characters and great plot twists.  I could not put it down. Well worth reading.
This book keeps your attention through the very last page.  There are some crazy people out there. Is your spouse one of them?
Amazing book. Held my interest from beginning to end. Many twists & turns. My first Gillian Flynn read - but won't be my last.
Kept me reading long after I should have been doing something else.  It definitely is a page turner.  Can highly recommend it.
!!!!!!! So good. I read this book in all of 36 hours. Movie was a bit disappointing however. Def recommend reading this first.
Very interesting in the way it was presented by the alternating ""his and her"" chapters.  Suspenseful and easy reading!
I love the way that the story unfolded. No stone was left unturned.Amy was right.That's how you do it!
This deserves the best selling achievement!!! The plot so well written, unexpected turns and language. Just so well worth it!!
Definitely keeps you turning the page! Couldn't put it down. Love the perspective of both characters. Wish there was a sequel!
Excellent read.  Enjoyed every page of it.  Would highly recommend this book.  Think I may even go to the cinema to see it!!!!
Twisted but awesome book. This book is a roller coaster.  You don't know what will happen next.  I can't wait to see the movie
I couldn't put this book down!  The plot twists and turns constantly. Unbelievably great story with an ending I'll not forget.
Condition of the book was even better than specified.  I was very pleased.Good book, too, for those who haven't read it.
This was actually very good! I cannot wait to go see the movie!!!  I recommend this book and look forward to reading more.....
Let me just say I was surprised by everything that happened in this book.  It definitely is a book you don't want to put down.
It was absolutely riveting! I could not put it down. This is an extremely well-written novel. There is suspense at every turn.
This book Keeps you guessing all the way through, very intense with an unexpected ending. The detail and writing is fantastic.
Great suspenseful book! Wish it didn't use the f word so much. Other than that, it was a great read! Always kept you guessing.
Loved all the twists.  Great fun!  Fast paced.  I recommend it for an easy, quick read. Anxious to see how the film turns out.
Loved the storyline, loved the suspense, loved the characters, all in all loved the book...looking forward to seeing the movie
A_M_A_Z_I_N_G  book!!  Took me three days to read it ..has twists and turns you're not expecting.  SUPER good ...a must read!!
I can honestly say, it has been years since I read a book as enthralling as this one.  Could not put it down!  Excellent read.
Amazing fits it perfectly. Kept my interest from beginning to end. A really enjoyable read. Can t wait for the movie October 3
Gone Girl kept me riveted. What an extraordinary story, twists and turns throughout. A really well written and enjoyable read.
It's a descent into madness and it's a thriller/mystery/whodunit.  Masterfully done.  I might not ever be the same ever again.
I could not put this book down! The twists and turns of the characters captured my attention. It was a very well written book!
This was absolutely one of the best books I've ever read. I couldn't put it down! It's filled with suspense...a real thriller!
Many twists and turns.  inch and Amy made quiet a couple. Loved the back and forth of the characters. A very surprising ending
Worth reading, original story line, good change of pace from typical suspense novels. I look forward to more from this author.
Who deserves who on this story of two twisted characters?  Enjoyable and leaves you wanting for a continuation story afterward
This is a great story, with so many twist & turns you never know what to expect. It will keep you guessing until the very end!
Amazinglly thought through in terms of the details, with a somewhat surprise ending.  You can see the movie while you read it!
enoyed a good read with some twists and turns, ending was interesting. don't want to spoil ending for others, very interesting
Incredible twists. You dont know who to believe, and could never imagine how it ends. I will be recommending this to everyone.
An unexpected twist that twists again!  A must read!You will love it, and it's going to be made into a movie soon.
Definitely not your typical happy ending. This story is mind bending and aggravating and captivating at the same time. Awesome
Non-stop, edge of your seat the entire book! What a great twist half way in too. I can't wait to read another book by Gillian.
I loved this book. It definitely takes a twist that you don't expect! The ending wasn't the greatest though. Prepare yourself.
I loved the style in which this book was written.  You knew from the opening pages that the girl had disappeared.  Great read!
Loved this book so much! So many twist and turned!! Can't wait to see the movie:) I will be reading her other books very soon.
One of the most well written books I have ever read. Starts off slow but once the rider starts, you won't want to put it down.
OMG! A ""can't put it down"" book. Each chapter brought on a new surprise! I highly recommend and you will not be bored!
keeps u on edge very interesting and scary at same time makes u really think and wonder if u really know someone.y
Haven't finished the book yet. Saw the movie in the theater. The movie does a pretty good job of following the book. Read it!
I started and read it straight through in one sitting on a work night. The writing is string and the characters are engaging.
A bit boring at first but changes dramatically. Not at all the outcome i expected... And i am not sure if it was good or bad.
Very well written. Loved how the story was told from each Nick's and Amy's sides of the story. I had trouble putting it down!
I liked the book. Kept my interest.  Disappointed with ending but overall good read. I liked the format. It was easy reading.
This is a great psychological thriller!  Keeps your interest to the bitter end! A must read for all who enjoy a good mystery·
The book started out very slow, until Part Two, then I couldn't put it down. I'm glad I didn't give up on ""Gone Girl
Great novel enjoyed it very much would encourage my friends and family to read it. Great read encouraged to read on your fire
At first I found this story boring and slow moving but I hung in there and when things started popping it went full throttle.
Was a little slow getting into it, but then I totally did not want to put it down!  Best book I have read in quite some time!
Excellent book. I love reading both sides and the style it was written unique. A book you pick up and don't want to put down.
Love the writing style. Saw the movie first. The book illuminates some of the fine details of the plot that the movie cannot.
There were many twists and turns. Always kept me guessing. I would've preferred a different ending though. Still a good read!
This book has just about everything going on that it could.  Definitely held my attention.  Not sure about the ending, though
Could not put this book down! Excellent read, I highly recommend. Will definitely be checking out other titles by this author
Movie was good, but book still way better.A must read!Could not put down....great characters with lots of twists.
The story of a truly twisted mind.  Wonderfully written story that has you debating as to the real truth for quite some time.
Keeps you guessing at every page turn and I couldn't put it down. Makes you question everything you know about relationships.
I couldn't put this down! Unexpected ending for sure. Great characters and story line. This is a book to read more than once.
Amazing!!! Makes you love and hate certain characters very strongly!I will more than likely reread this book next week.
Probably the best fictional work I have ever read. It really made you think with a multitude of well written twists and turns
Great read! Definitely worth it!!! Starts slow then picks up quickly! I couldn't turn the pages fast enough! Quirky but good!
Just when you think the story is going one way there is a twist an a twist and twist,, i was surprised through thr whole book
But really, wow. A great mystery, great twist! Great read, couldn't put it down, hope the movie lives up to my expectations!!
Not the ending I was expecting, but I am not sure any ending would possibly be entirely satisfactory. Great read nonetheless.
very entertaining; a couple of incredible characters well plotted; the closer you get to the end the harder it is to put down
Excellent book but most horrific character I have ever experienced.  Makes the manipulators I know look incapable and amateur
One of the best novels I've read in 10 years. As soon as you think you've got it figured out, you find out that you're wrong.
I bought the book as soon as we got home from the movie. Loved both the movie and book, inventive plot and excellent writing.
a great read I would recommend thisAlways read a book before the movie. Authors good ones create a picture in your mind
Full of unexpected twists. Amazing author who does a great job with a complicated plot.  Read the book and then see the movie
This was a great book. It is definitely a must read book. You will not be able to put it down.  Can't wait to see the movie!!
I liked the dry humor in the story and the way things keeps unveiling... She really keeps you hooked along the entire book!!!
Had to read book before movie.  Never imagined the twist on this one.  Great read.  Cannot wait to read other Flynn books now
Best book I've read in ages!! Absolutely love the unpredictably!! Hated to set it down and couldn't wait to pick it back up!!
very well written.  you don't want to stop reading. And however you think the next part should be, well, don't think that ;-)
I've never read a book that kept me on the edge of my seat before. This was incredible. Can't wait to compare it to the movie
Reviews about the ending being bad are dead wrong.  It might not have ended how you anticipated but that doesn't equal bad!!!
Really great story, took a while for it to pickup but when it did it was nonstop surprises! Definitely going to see the movie
Kept me engaged from beginning to end.  One of the best books I've read in a long time.  It will be interesting to see movie.
Very absorbing.  A page turn with lots of twists and turns.  Hope she writes a sequel.  Will read other books by this author.
excellent story  with believable engaging characters, can't wait to see the movie and the sequel of this great suspense novel
Edgy and unsettling.  A good read.  I'd also recommend Sandrine's Case which although a little less edgy is also a good read.
Wow! I couldn't stop reading! Great book! Lots of twists and turns! A must read! Would definitely read more from this author.
This is one of my favorite books. Definitely not your average plot line. Keeps you guessing and on your toes the entire book.
This has so many plot twists that I was afraid I would miss something if I put it down.  Looking forward to seeing the movie.
Amazing book.  So many twists and turns.  Hate how it ended because the bad guy seems to win but thought it was a great read.
The book keeps you guessing until the very end.  Flynn does a good job of surprise character development throughout the book.
Great read. One of the few books that wasn't obvious about what was to come. It truly left me shocked a few times throughout.
It is good but it doesn't start to get exiting till halfway through the book.  Not a fan of the ending but still a good read.
a book is supposed to engage you.  I read for 4 hours to get to the end.  the last page stabbed me. there better be a sequel!
Very different but enjoyable ,look forward to reading more GIllian FLynn books and would a strongly recommend it to everyone.
Very intriguing; the reader never knows from chapter to chapter who is telling the truth & who is ""hiding"" the truth!
Great page turning ride of ups and downs, twists and turns!! Loved it...can't wait to see if the movie lives up to the book!!
The book was great...until the end. It had a great beginning and got more intense and climatic, just to fall short at the end
Loved this book. The only down side was that I like to read before I go to sleep and this book kept me awake! Excellent read.
This is a well written, captivating read.  It grabbed me from the start, and kept me guessing all the way through to the end.
Clever, clever story - great writing.  I immediately ordered more Gillian Flynn books after reading it.  Don't miss this one.
Definitely a nail biter. I couldn't stop reading this and the ending OMG the ending...definitely a twist I didn't see coming!
Very interesting ending... The main characters chose to lead a life of quiet desperation over facing and living their truths.
This novel is a page-turner.  It has excellent twists and turns. It is unpredictable and the author chose the perfect ending.
OMG  this book was a wild ride.  Don't want to spoil BUT you gotta read this book.  Gonna read the other Gillian Flynn books.
it really draws you in. I loved it. I wasn't crazy for the ending, but nonetheless I really enjoyed it. it keeps you guessing
This was an awesome and unique writing style all in one.  Could not put the book(e version) down!  You won't be disappointed.
A must read (ps. it is coming out to theaters soon)!! and the book was in great condition! Definitely buying from them again.
The first 100 or so pages are pretty slow, but once you hit the climax... Holy bombshell! You can't put it down. A must read!
This book was full of suspense and twists! Author really takes you through a journey!!! LOVED It!! The movie was also GREAT!
Read the book, watch the movie, still not sure about the meaning of the ending :-) but that's what good books are all about!
This is an excellent read. I can totally find myself rereading this book as it was an excellent story and very well written.
Tightly written, intense, and ending not anticipated.  In fact, I reread ending to make certain I hadn't skipped some pages.
excellent read!! Keeps your attention from the beginning. Very suspenseful, intense & entertaining as a good book should be!
I enjoyed this book from the beginning until the end. Flynn portrayed both perspectives of the husband and wife brilliantly.
I liked the plot twists and the writing style kept you guessing what was next. I will definitely read more from this author.
Keeps you guessing. Couldn't put it down. Definitely not the ending I was expecting or could have even guessed. A must read.
Kept me interested all the way through with a twist at the end that makes you realize that sometimes people really are nuts!
It's an awesome book and very well written. There are some great twists and turns. A real page turner from beginning to end!
This was a great, twisted book! I couldn't put it down. I would absolutely recommend this book-mystery, love, and much more!
Great writing, lots of twists and surprises. I will read any other novels written by this author. Entertaining novel for all
Needed to read the book before I went to see the movie.  I'm still soaking this one in.  Good read that leaves you thinking.
I watched the movie and thought my Mom would enjoy reading the book. I purchased the book for her birthday and she loved it.
Gone Girl is a very well written and intriguing book.  The psychological twists and turns in the book will have you riveted.
The only book I read where I didn't sleep all night because I couldn't stop reading. One of the best books I have ever read.
An amazing read.  Kept me engaged.  As I would finish a chapter, I HAD to move right into the next.  I couldn't put it down.
Crazy twist! Keeps you on your toes through the entire book. Watched the movie, it was great but I love the book even better
Intriguing, intelligent, gripping and intense. Loved it this story from start to finish. Can't wait to read her other books.
Loved it! Very well written. Kept me engaged from beginning to end! Will definitely be picking up more books by this author!
Gone Girl is a drama novel with a touch of mystery.  It keeps you interested through every chapter.  I couldn't put it down.
Brilliantly orchestrated & I couldn't put it down. I'm mad it ended. A must read for all. Read this before seeing the movie.
What an interesting read!  Couldn't put it down.  Ms. Flynn must be a little twisted to come up with the plot for this book.
Wow! That was twisted!! Never saw the twists and turns of the story coming. Amy is seriously twisted and Nick was clueless!!
Chilling to the bone. I've read this book twice and would read it again. A must read for anyone who likes a good plot twist.
This kindle version book kept me on my toes for awhile...interesting twists and turns...now I think I have to see the movie!
I found it a little slow in some parts, but overall a great book with plenty happening and a few twists.  Well worth a read.
Best read in a long time. Truly enjoyed everything this book had to offer. I think I may just start rereading it, right now.
I loved it ....But the way the end left me feeling I hope there is a sequel ......I was not very happy with the end ........
I couldn't put it down. There was so much involved with deception that was no way this couple could ever lead a normal life.
I was riveted from the beginning.  Very well written.  You knew something else was going to happen, but you never knew what.
Loved it - just when I thought I knew what was going to happen, something else did!  Glad I read it before seeing the movie!
This book was crazy with twists and turns you never saw coming. I highly recommend this read! Read before you see the movie!
I enjoyed this novel. The story moves quickly and keeps the reader interested.  Great story with plenty of twists and turns.
Loved it couldn't put it down! Literally stayed up all night reading it... I sincerely hope the movie does the book justice!
The story has so many twists, it is hard to put down. I enjoyed the structure of the novel. Worth reading againY
This book is brilliant! Just when you thought you knew how it would turn out it takes you in a complete different direction.
What a great read with more twists and turns that kept me glued to the story.  What a great story teller Gillian Flynn is!!!
Terrific writing, great storyline, characters were interesting and the author stayed focused.  I couldn't put the book down!
could not put the book down despite that it made me very mad at time. I admire the author for thinking of such a great plot.
The twists and turns has you wanting more and more of it. I defiantly recommend. I can't wait to read more from this author.
This book had ups, downs, twists, turns, and everything in between.  I'll be picking up more books by this author VERY soon.
I have not read the other books yet.  I shouldn't have waited to read this book so long.  I am really enjoying it very mucn.
I enjoyed the story. Very interesting twists and turns. The ending didn't quite feel like an ending. It's an enjoyable read.
Decided to read this when I was on a road trip.. Couldn't put it down until it was finished! Definitely a major page turner!
Loved this book...it definitely kept me on my seat throughout!  My only hang up was the ending, but overall it was excellent
This book came highly recommended from a friend and it didn't take long to see why. Such a great book from beginning to end!
Good twist on an old concept! Ending felt rushed.  I liked the multi perspective style easy to put a voice to the narrative.
Wow the ending doesn't feel like an ending.  Overall it was good and not very predictable. I would say it's worth the cost!!
Makes Fern Michaels pale by comparison.  Loved this book, didn't want it to end.  This author has a great deal of potential.
I could NOT put this book down! But the ending wad NOT what I expected, probably because it was not what I wanted to happen!
Amazing!! Very well written. The ending will surprise you. It is written in two separate voices and comes together so nicely
Great read! Couldn't put it down. Read this before the movie comes out. No way a movie could cover all the twists and turns.
I always enjoy a book that can suprise me. I thought the way the book was written from two characters perspective was great.
I liked this book. I couldn't decide if it was a mystery,romance,or sad facts about life?But, I liked it.Thanks.
Flynn keeps the reader on the edge of their seat.  The books takes many turns and surprises the reader.  Highly recommended.
Seriously the best book I've read in a while. So many twists and turns that I literally fished the book with my jaw dropped.
I am still in complete shock. When I thought I knew what was going to happen, I was surprised to what the next chapter held!
I LOVED this book and could not put it down.  Very well written and story was fabulous.  I would highly recommend this book.
Great book, keeps me turning the pages. Can't decide which character to love or hate. Will definitely read this author again
this is a very cool book.  keeps you guessing and turning the pages!  not at all what I expected.  would defiantly recommend
So many twists and turns. Amy is amazingly crazy. Definitely read the book then watch the movie, that is my recommendation.
I'm glad I didn't see the movie first!  It was fun to try and figure out what was going to happen.  Didn't see that coming!
I loved this book because it was not predictable.  It kept you guessing the whole time which way it was leading.  Loved it.
This is a fun read because of the let's keep you guessing until the last possible second plot structure!  Great beach read!
Started slowly, but caught me.  and I stayed with it.  There were unexpected twists, so it kept me thinking -- and reading.
Brilliant book, full of suspense and surprise.  Gave me nightmares, so don't read if you get scared easily.  Great writing.
I liked all of the craziness about Amy, how she thought of everything! The beginning was hard to read, too many adjectives.
I read this book from cover to cover in two days. That's how good it is, the intrigue, the craziness... Very American life.
It took me a while to get into this book, but it had some interesting twists and turns that made it easily readable. Enjoy!
Keeps you on your toes at all times. Never know what's going to happen next. Great read!!! Can't wait to see the movie now.
Couldn't stop reading after the first few chapters. Great twists and turns. Chilling and gripping. Really was a great book!
Read it in 3 days (and that's only because I read when I got home from work). If you like books with twists, get this book.
I hope there's a sequel to this book, because I wasn't ready for it to end in such an ambiguous manner!  What happens next?
One of the best books I've read. Such a fast read- I was Glued to this book until I finished! Definitely will recommend it!
Very engaging, a great mystery and also a very interesting character study and commentary on modern romantic relationships.
Kept me reading long into the night. The writing style was brilliant, bouncing back and forth between both main characters.
I was expecting to end differently and I am very surprised. I don't know if I like the ending. I would recommend this book.
Haven't been sucked into a book like this in forever. More twists and turns than a mountain pass. Now I can watch the movie
Great book! Read it over Thanksgiving break...was hard to figure out the diary entries at first .... Then .... Loved it....
Could not put it down!!!!  Keeps you on the edge of your seat!  Great read, received in perfect condition in timely manner.
I enjoyed this book. I enjoyed the characters. The twists the spins, the way it was written. I would recommend it to anyone
Crazy story...you'll never believe how this ends. Well worth the read. Would recommend to others. Will read her other books
Amazing 1st person story telling from both perspectives. Leaves you guessing at every turn.  Read it in less than 48 hours!
The end in awful but the movie depicted the book exactly and makes you realize the ending was taken differenly when reading
And Love To Hate.I'm too disgusted say more.  I'm too frightened to go to sleep.  I won't read Ms. Flynn again.
This is an excellent book.  Held my interest from beginning to end.  The ""way"" the story is told is very different.
Twisted on so many levels, highly recommend this novel, looking forward to seeing the movie now that I have read the story.
Was better than movie.Good exploration of mental illness. Very Engrossing and roped you in. I thought ending was sad.
I finished this book a week ago, and to my friends' and coworkers' consternation, I am STILL talking about it.  Great read!
recommend to anyone very good book movie a lot like the book.  only book I read from this author.  again recommend to anone
I bought this minutes after having seen the film adaptation. I absolutely blitzed through reading it - an outstanding book.
Loved this book so much I have told 10 + people to read it before seeing the movie! Incredibly well written and suspensful!
Twists and turns bring this clever story to life. A wonderful work I wouldrecommend to those who love a good mystery.
This book has more twists and turns than any I have recently read. Understand why a movie was made! I can't wait to see it!
Great book....hard to put down. The ending is a bit bizarre.....perhaps setting up anther book in the series. Well written.
A dark story and impossible to put down. Very cleverly crafted and unique.  It is a ""dense"" read with great detail.
Great read..kept me in suspense with lots of twists and turns. It's a psychological thriller that makes you think for days.
One of the most fascinating book I've read. it has a nice dose of horror,also. I'll be thinking about it for  A long  time.
This book is a page turner. Full of suspense and characters with flaws and insecurities.  You just can't put the book down.
This book will take you by complete surprise halfway through, and leaving you thinking ""how did i miss that?"" Crazy
It took me awhile to get into it, but it is unlike any book l have read.  All I can say, is it's full of surprises and wow.
Fantastic read, great twist ending.I'm excited to see the movie, but I don't see how it could be as good as the book.
Grasps your attention immediately! You can't put it down until the end. Amazing story that keeps you wanting more and more!
What a great book, one that you want to get to the end of to find out what happens while wishing it would go on forever....
I really liked the book.  So much rings true to how you treat each other and not realize either is being taken for granted.
Best murder mystery I have ever read. Literally could not put it down. So many twists and turns kept me orbited to the book
Really holds the reader / very hard to put down. Characters are well developed and scary in how real and psycho they sound.
I enjoyed reading this book- I was however disappointed with the ending! I am looking forward to seeing the film this fall.
Really enjoyed this book. The twist, the flipping back and forth of characters. Ending was a bit strange but fit characters
Once I started, I had a hard time putting it down.  I read it one day.  Good read, hope the movie does the writing justice.
Full of twists and turns! I adored this novel and had purchased another by this author before I had even finished this one!
This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants an addictive, reading experience!
Fantastic from start to finish! I couldn't put it down and thought it completely original in its style. Highly recommended.
Great read! Had me from start to finish changing my mind at every page - so many twists! Definitely would recommend to all.
Amazinggggggg!!!!! I think I read the entire book in four days! I couldn't put it down! Great read and extremely addicting!
Would recommend to friends! Keeps you guessing until the end, and makes you wonder do people really do this sort of thing??
I love this book! You will not be bored! Just when you think you figured it out, something new takes place!  Great writing.
Found this to be Suspenseful and unpredictable.  Very easy to read with no boring parts. Can't wait to read another by her.
Read this in a couple of days.  Interesting writing style.  Love the intrigue.  Impressive for first time out of the chute.
Loved the book and all its twists. Makes you start to think one thing and then you find out something completely different.
Great plot - lots of unexpected twists.  Quick read.  Can't wait for the movie!  Buy this today, you won't be disappointed.
Excellent writing, but damn!  I wish there was a different ending....I did not see that coming. I liked the journal format.
No one needs to read my review to find that this book is great and praised all around. Very clever and convincing thriller.
It's a pretty crazy ass book. It's a book filled with mystery, love, betrayal. A definite must read; hard book to put down.
This book was goood, kept me interested. However I was alittle disappointed in the end wanted to see justice served i guess
awesome book! love the twists and turns on this book, keeps you guessing.  my book club loved it and i highly recommend it.
Keeps you guessing and the way the characters actually change is wonderful...Good book.  Can't wait for the movie to follow
Really enjoyed the wit, the story and how detailed it was. Can't wait for the movie this year. Flynn is a brilliant writer!
A little boring in the beginning, but has a good twist as you keep reading... The ending is a bit frustrating... but great!
Excellent book couldn't put it down. Extremely enjoyable and kept me guessing to the end. Would highly recommend this book.
What a plot twist! Totally changes your perception of the characters. Everything you thought you knew was wrong. Good read.
I read this book in about a 24 hour time period because I was so hooked!! Loved it and will continue to read Gillian Flynn!
this book kept me on the edgeand was an insightful look into human naturesometimes reminding me of my ugly self
5 stars aren't even enough for this book.... I could not put it down and did not want it to end especially like it did !!!
Great book, love it! One of the best books I have read in years. Was so excited to BUY the movie. They are both fantastic.
Loved the book, loved the movie. If you haven't read it. You must. Will keep you on the edge of your seat the entire time.
I did not enjoy the first part nearly as much as I enjoyed the second and third parts. They are definitely worth the wait!
What a twisted, entertaining story. I wonder if there are really people like this? Chilling relationship to say the least!
Good book, great reading for fantasy lovers of this type of book.  Suggest reading for teenagers during the summer months.
Great book! Kept me in suspense the whole time! I would read for long periods of time because I just couldn't put it down.
Don't  let you wife read this if your marriage  is Rocky. If she has BE VERY AFRAID!!!!! A great book! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
A surprise at every turn.  But some how I feel like there should have been more to the ending.  It can't be over, not yet.
To think they could have made this incredible thriller with all the nuances into a movie?  I have to see it to believe it.
One of the best written books i've read in years!  Not predictable at all and a stinging critique of modern media culture.
I don't get a lot of time to read these days....but when I started this book I couldn't put it down.  An excellent read !!
I really enjoyed the unique writing style of this book. I would highly recommend reading the book before seeing the movie.
I couldn't put it down. It was well written and well thought-out. I'm looking forward to reading another of Flynn's books.
Kind of loved and hated it.  But what a story!  Definitely became engrossed from the beginning to the very disturbing end.
Really good book, until the ending. The ending could have been better. I wish amy would have been caught  for what she did
Awesome book! Very chilling. Could not put it down. Highly recommend everyone read this book. Can't wait to see the movie.
This book book makes you think, rethink and rethink what you thought you knew was going to happen.  Could not put it down.
I hadn't heard much about this book before reading it and I'm glad. I was surprised with the direction it took. Good read!
Very surprising plot.  Lots of twists and turns!  A good read.  An interesting ending to the story! Highly recommend.  Wow
This was an excellent book!  The author kept me engaged with the twists and turns!  Loved every bit of it!  A must read!!!
There has to be another book?!?! Hoe irritating books can be and how irritating books end. Hate the wait for another book!
Worth every comma, period and space. Starting Gillian Flynn's next novel next. Couldn't put this one down. Read this book.
Cleverly written, enjoyable vocabulary. Keeps you coming back for more. An end that could easily be a set up for a sequel.
A thought provoking interaction between the sexes. Well woven intrigue and psychological impact into dating and marriage..
Excellent book. Enough foreshadowing to wonder if you know what's going on but still a surprise ending. Excellent writing.
I loved all the twists and turns. Admittingly, it took me a few chapters to get into this book but once I did, I loved it.
What a long strange trip that was. Well worth taking. It was excellent and very unnerving. Great writing...and great story
I devoured this book. It kept me intrigued. Don't want to inadvertently post a spoiler, but it's definitely worth reading!
What a great book. Love all the twist and turns in the story. Definitely a page turner.  Now it's time to see the movie 😀
A different read with lots of twists and turns in the storyline.....very unexpected (and disturbing) ending.  A good read!
This story has so many twists & turns with every turn of a page.  Could not stop reading and leaves you with wanting more.
I had been looking for a book I could not put down and this was it! So many twists and turns. Can't wait to see the movie.
I love that the big twist was somewhere in the middle and we got to spend half of the book seeing how everything resolved.
Excellent read, a little slow in the beginning but once you get past the first few pages you will not want to put it down.
A really great book that will keep you up late at night wondering what will happen next! Now I can't wait to see the movie
Excellent book!! Loved reading it, it had you guessing at every turn!! The only thing I hated about the book was the end!!
The most crazy happily ever after ending.  Already recommended to friends during the read. Now I'm ready to see the movie.
This is a great story, keeps you wanting more. I couldn't stop reading. Great writing and flow. Hope the movie is as good.
I love all the twists and turns this book makes. It made it hard to put down always wanting to know what will happen next.
Great book. Keeps you guessing till the last chapter. The first few are slow, but then it takes off.  And then hold on!!!!
It was a good book. Keep my attention the whole time. I could not wait to find how it would end. Will see the movie today.
Fantastic book!Was unable to put it down.However I hate the way it ends.Got to rewrite the last chapter.
It had more twists and turns than a tornado.  Each page revealed more.  However, I felt like throwing the book at the end!
Great book, kept me wondering the entire time! I cannot wait for the movie to see if they do as good as a job as the book.
A very good read with a twisted ending. This book leaves you wanting a sequel! Hopefully the movie is as good as the book.
Great book. Just when you think oh hum, standard story about husband murdering his wife then out of nowhere comes a twist.
I was shocked more than once and am still dumbfounded by the ending. Will definitely be reading other Gillian Flynn books!
I almost didn't read this book because so many people said it had a ""bad ending"" ...... just glad I didn't listen!
HOOKED from moment i picked it up!  Did not see what was coming at all!  Can not wait for the movie to come out next week!
Wow, what a book.  So many twists and turns.  I did find the ending a let down as it was not the way I hoped it would end.
Suspenseful, thrilling and quite unexpected! Gone Girl was a delightful read although not everyone will like the ending...
Couldn't put it down!  It's a great ""who done it""!  Curl up in your easy chair and get ready for twists and turns!
I initially read this book last year and loved it!! I recently read it again and still feel the same:) Such a great read!!
Such a great book with so many twists; it really keeps your attention!  Been recommending it to many of my fellow readers!
Easy style, great characters, great detail. Keeps you guessing to the last chapter. Look forward to reading her next book.
Gone Girl takes you on a crazy ride through love, marriage, and psychosis. I literally couldn't put it down. Just read it.
Part two gets realllll. Really wasn't expecting that interesting of a twist. This book is the ultimate revenge love story.
Starts off a little slow... but that's by design. This book will surprise you over and over again. I couldn't put it down.
Gone girl by Gilliam Flynn is suspenseful until the very end. The plot twists and turns. Easy read. I read it in two days!
Nice story, complex issues simplified.  Liked a lot. At first, dark but as story went on, you were drawn in.  Recommended.
Excellent delivery and I love the product I have no other issues with this product. I is exactly what I expected and need.
The plot was full of surprises and a great read.  It was the first time i have read this author - but it won't be the last
I absolutely loved this book! True page turner that I could put down. It's full of suspense and the ending is unbelievable
A lot of twists and turns kept my interest!  It does have an unusual ending.  If you like mysteries, I think you'll enjoy!
I ordered another of hers this morning.  Looking forward to reading one with the same twists and turns.  She is fantastic!
Absolutely loved it! Wow what an awesome writer, Can't wait for more books by Gillian Flynn. Worth reading again and again
Great book with lots of twists!!! I couldn't imagine what was going to happen next. I would totally recommend this book!!!
Extremely well written and an intriguing story. Very quick read! Would Highly recommend to anyone looking for a good read!
Good read.  The characters are unreal.  Kept me hooked through the whole book. I just finished reading it and wanted more.
Brilliant - Loved this book, looking forward to seeing the movie now! Will be checking out Gillian Flynns other books now.
I've never read a book this complex. The author thought of everything. 5 stars, must read, page turner. Can't put it down!
I found gone girl to be compelling and surprising. Really couldn't put this book down. Worth the hype it has been getting.
What a wonderful mystery, such a suspenseful, shocking and totally crazy wicked story!  Loved, LOVED it - to the very end.
Gillian Flynn is a absolute gifted writer.  The story builds and just when you think you've got it figured out, you don't.
One of the best books I have ever read! A must read, but make sure you have time because you won't be able to put it down!
Since I write Historical Romance, I usually gravitate toward those books, with some exceptions, like Danielle Steel and Stef Ann Holm.  After reading the wonderful reviews, I had to jump in and see what this book was all about.  I was totally amazed at how much detail she puts in each paragraph, even with Nick Dunne getting out of bed, or explaining how how he'd like to get inside his wife's head.  Truly amazing writing.  I highly recommend this book.
Amazing!  What a page turner .. Desperately hope there is a sequel.  Will recommend to everyone I know .. It's that good!
So much better than the movie. Very very good book even if some of the characters are despisable. That only makes it fun.
Loved this book, Couldn't put it down...  I have yet to watch the movie because I don't want it to ruin this book for me.
Well written novel! Definitely a page turner that I couldn't put down. Each chapter ends with a cliffhanger. Enjoy it! :)
Kept me guessing what was going to happen next. Then when something would happen it would not be anything I was expecting
......what a deeply terrible person. I mean......holy crap. It was like then ending to the Hunger Games but in now times.
Captivating!! Such a very well written page turning novel! Must read! The author takes your on a plot rollercoaster ride.
Brilliantly confusing, convoluted, it sucks you in... I stayed in bed all day trying to find the next piece of the puzzle
Very good book. I had to read it before watching the movie. Didn't end the way I expected it to. Definitely a page tuner.
What an amazing book!!  What a journey it takes you on.  I've bought this for several friends to read.  Highly recommend.
Fantastic mystery page turning thriller.  I'm not a fan of other Gillian Flynn's books but this one is very entertaining.
Books are always better thAn the movie! Especially in this case! Gripping and couldn't put it down! A must read thriller!
I couldn't put it down.  I loved all the twists and turns in this story; some were predictable, but some were a surprise.
This book has so many kind game twists you must read. It is nothing at all what I expected. I actually enjoyed this book.
This book is brilliantly written with a line of suspense that takes many unsuspected turns. No way u can predict the end.
Will be interesting to see what is in the movie.  Was it what I envisioned in my mind?  Not what I expected at beginning.
Very good mystery that will keep you on your toes. Not a predictable story, which makes the idea of a mystery worthwhile.
You become that ignorant reader. Great read. A new meaning to love will always find a way. Dive into the minds of psychos
The entire book is suspenseful, goes back n forth to keep you well informed, without ever leaving you with a dull moment!
So goooood! I couldn't put this book down.I finished the book and was telling my husband ""this is crazy!!!
I enjoyed reading each of their sides. It kept me interested through the whole book! Very suspenseful! Great job Gillian!
Nothing I didn't like.  Hope there will b a sequel.  Will be reading more Gillian Flynn for sure.  Didn't want it to end!
In the beginning I thought I was somewhat like amy. Oh no, nothing like her.  One of the most gripping books I have read.
read book first and then saw movie.  Book is so much better.  Hard to put down.  Very interesting personality portrayals.
Page turner read it in 4 days. very interesting  story with lots of twists not predictable. Highly recommended this book!
Many plot twists, I was never sure what was true and what was not. I think the fifth star really goes to the ending. Wow!
Hard to believe that such a f-ed up character could be created but it was an amazing read and I can't wait for the movie.
This book kept me swiping through the pages non-stop. Such an addicting read with perfect twists and turns along the way.
Awesome insanity..you won't believe until you read it for yourself and could there really be people like this out there??
The author really brings the characters to life during which you learn to hate and love all of their flaws and strengths.
Unusual writing style but really enjoyed.  Took almost half way through the book before I was hooked.  I would recommend.
This was one of the best books I have read in a while.  It always kept you guessing and you were always wrong!  Loved it!
Love this book, I can't put it down and I need to do SO many other things! How rude of the author to write it so well. :)
This book is strange and good.  It goes one direction then another.  I would hate to run into either one of these people.
Wonderful read ! A real page turner! Would definitely recommend it to my friends. Crazy ending. Who would have thought!?!
I could not bring myself to put my kindle down. It's creepy & thrilling. Made me laugh, it made me mad. An awesome story!
Loved it!! So much I could relate to about marriage, about media... And then the twists and turns - absolutely thrilling.
Boring at first... Then I Couldn't put it downI was hookedDefinitely didn't expect the ending to be like that
Kept my attention didn't like the ending but enjoyed the writing style. Will check out her  other books very entertaining
Oh, it's just VERY very good.  Be prepared to lose sleep over not being able to put it down. Can't wait to see the movie!
I decided to read Gone Girl because Liv on the t.v show Scandal. I was captured by every page. Gone Girl is a great read.
Intriguing, suspenseful, loving and hateful all at once. Slow start but then it grabbed e until I could not stop reading.
Loved the style of writing! The twists and turns were always unexpected. Loved the two points of view as well! Great reD!
I loved this book. You don't know what is going to happen from chapter to chapter. Enthralling right till the last Page!!
Gone Girl was excellent! I tried not to read it too fast, to just take my time and enjoy. It kept me on edge all the way.
This book is very well written,  Keeps you on your toes as to what will happen next.  I recommend this to all my friends.
Wonderful Story! I could not put the book down! Unexpected story line that keeps you intrigued. I give this book 5 stars.
Great story ...I loved this book...I read it twice ...Gillian Flynn is my new favorite can't wait to read her other books
One of the best believable books I've read, in a long time. I would highly recommend it,in fact I have to all my friends.
Sooooo good! Great book, great character development. I could not put it down; stated up all night! I highly recommend it
This book was wonderful,, full of twists and turnsthat were definitely unexpected. The flow of the book was spot on
This book was very twisted. You never knew what would come next. It's full of surprises. Great plot and great characters.
Wow! This was most definitely a page turn er! Unbelievable creativity & well thought out provoking page after page drama!
I think I loved it simply because of the last line of the book!  It was fantastic!  A must read before the movie is made.
A simply riveting book! I could not put it down....and didn't dare pass it on! Too subversive for the young women I know!
This book had more twists and turns than Shelmire St.  I was a little disappointed in the ending.  I like a clean finish.
So many twists and turns to this book. It is truly a psychotic masterpiece! It's is extremely thought out and unexpected.
I originally heard the author interview for this book on NPR and mentally added it to my summer reading list.  A few weeks went by before I got around to checking out the reviews and many of them convinced me this could be a fun summer read.  Last Saturday  I found myself with some time on my hands and went ahead and downloaded it, next thing I knew it was 2:00 in the morning and I had to force myself to go to bed and finish it the next day!  Gone Girl is a totally fun read, lots of plot twists and deliciously evil traps for several of the characters.  This is the first book I have read by Gillian Flynn and I will definitely be getting the other two.
Loved it. While it was interesting from the start by the middle of the book I was locked in and it was hard to put down.
I would definitely recommend this book. It was a  totally unpredictable story that kept you hungry for the next chapter.
This was an amazing book. It captured my attention from the beginning. I loved the twists and turns throughout the book.
This keeps you reading; you can't stop. Characters are superb. Not your usual storyline. A really great read for anyone.
Very well written book. The ending was definitely a twist!  Makes you wish the ending would have turned out differently.
Creepy mystery thriller that had me hanging in to every word, wondering what it meant, never knowing it trusting anyone.
I loved the audio! Movie was not a disappointment but the book reading it yourself is always the best. This is a winner!
Very well written - Flynn's turn of phrase and flamboyant use of interesting metaphors makes for engaging entertainment.
I couldn't stop reading this. It took me a couple chapters to get into it but once I read a bit I was completely hooked.
have not finished all of book but it will be getting the five STARS so here they are in advance.Rita Oneill.  Thank you.
Found it difficult to put down!  Well written, great chapter development. Makes me want to read the authors other books.
SO GOOD!!! Had to read the book before seeing the movie! Now hopefully the movie can compete with the amazing writing!!!
My best friend suggested this book and it's honestly amazing. It kept me on edge the entire time. I highly recommend it!
Well, I now know what true evil can be!  Amazing Amy!  Absolutely could not put it down.Want to see the movie now.
Excellent read, kept me on the edge of my seat the entire book. Such great story telling, I really enjoyed the suspense.
Not like any other book I've read. It was totally unpredictable!! Couldn't put it down. Had my attention from page one!!
As fabulous a book as could be written.  It kept you in suspense the entire story.  I can't wait for Gillian's 4th book!
This book was a struggle to get through first half boring second half a little better enough to keep me going to the end
What crazy ass story. It left me furious, sad, annoyed, and yet I loved it. Much need twist on the standard who done it.
Love the twists and turns to this story. Well planned story full of surprises. Good vacation book that is a page turner.
Loved this refreshingly novel story. It read well and gave surprises at every turn. Would certainly recommend it to all.
The pace and structure of the book left me breathless, wondering what would happen next. Nothing could have prepared me!
I couldn't stop reading this book!! Purely captivating. A great read that I would revisit again. Well done. Ahhh mazing.
Very suspenseful!  Honestly, although I loved this book, I liked Dark Places better...another Gillian Flynn masterpiece.
After watching the movie, I couldn't wait to read the book. It's outstanding! I couldn't put it down once I got started!
Gripping from the first page!  I couldn't put it down!  The turn of events blew me away!  I can't wait to see the movie!
This is a story like no other. You were kept in suspense until the end. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm sure you will also.
Just when I thought I knew what would happen next; twist, then turn. And then again and again and again! Very good book!
Oh  my goodness. What a good read. Totally didn't expect that ending. This book flowed beautifully from beginning to end
I really like this book. All the makings of a familiar story but none of the outcome.  Nearly all my guesses were wrong.
I have never in my life hated a fictional character quiet like I hate her....Deranged, psychotic, & brilliant book
Couldn't put the book down!!! Awesome!!!Leaves you wanting so much more. Can't wait to see the movie. Must Read!!!
Great Read - Couldn't stop once I got started.  There are a lot of twists and turns and it was not what I was expecting.
each turn ,and there are many ,is completely unexpected. The ending cannot be expected at any point except the very end.
The book is very well written.  I especially liked that it was written from both the husband and the wife point of view.
Shock best describes my emotion after reading this book. What a great twist! It was a true test to my character loyalty.
Very intriguingHeld my interest. I like the way it flips to different points if view.  Can't wait to see the movie
Great read! Many twists which made it impossible  to put down! Easy to read and follow. Can't wait to read the other two
This book is amazing. Keeps you on your toes, and wanting to turn the page. SO, SO, SO good. I can't wait for the movie!
Absolutely loved this book. Awesome read! Had me guessing until the end! Gillian Flynn is a definite master of suspense.
This is a must-read. An up all night - can't get enough - gotta have more, must read. Mission accomplished...mind blown.
Great mystery that kept you guessing at every turn! I could hardly put the book down. I bet you won't be able to either.
Reading this book is like riding  roller coaster. Great read! Not a dull moment from start to finish. Great summer read.
Once I started reading I couldn't put this book down. If it weren't for work I would've read it all in one day. Loved it
Great book!  Thoroughly enjoyed reading it.  I highly recommend it if you like books with a twist.  Never saw it coming!
I really enjoyed the unpredictable twists and turns throughout the book.  I plan to read the rest of the author's books.
I'm completely mind blown from this book!!! Not what I was expecting at all! I can't wait to read more from this author!
Very good book. Kept me wondering and still surprised me with the ending. I would definitely recommend this book. Enjoy!
Dramatic with unexpected turns, characters have so many sides that the reader finds himself torn. I Can't wait for film.
Great twists and turns well written,could not put it down. Can't. Wait to read more from Gillian . This was quit a ride!
Great story. Couldn't put it down. Her character's are so alive.  Great plot twist on a  mystery theme..love her writing
Really good book. Not your typical mystery. Nick and Amy are so much alike you almost don't believe it in the beginning.
It's a page turner with lots of unexpected twists and turns. Really makes a person happy they're in a good relationship.
Very clever and quick-paced with lots of twists and turns. Kept me guessing until the very end. Highly recommend to all.
This is one book that is difficult to put down with the plot twists and excellent writing.  I highly recommend this book
Just enjoyed the book, easy to read! Great author! I have read her other other books.. Highly recommend her other books!
Excellently written ... Once you start first chapter you will be drawn into story ... And want to read it in one sitting
I loved this and finished it quickly.  The ending was quite unexpected and I recommend this to anyone who likes suspence
Wow, this was so much better than I thought it would be?  I am trying to catch up with the rest of what she has written.
This is hard to put down, you just want to see what's happening next and it doesn't disappoint right up to the very end.
Definitely not the run of the mill mystery! Clever and captivating (no pun intended). I Recommended book to many others!
Couldnt put it down. Loved the way it was written, it alternates between two people every chapter is intense. Must read!
Loved all of the twists and turns, such a brilliant novel!!  I couldn't put it down, definitely highly recommend to all!
Was recommended this book and couldn't put it down. What a great read, Love Kindle editions and perfectly priced. Thanks
Great holiday read really enjoyed it lots of twists and an absolute page turner. Can't wait to read her other books now!
Great novel, very gripping and unexpected. The character development is some of the best I've seen in a book. Must read!
This book was awesome! I cannot wait to read her other books. It was well written and very interesting. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Loved this book.  Best one I have read in a long time!  I think it is going to be a movie and I will totally go see it!!
CAPTIVATING-  WILL KEEP CHECKING OUT HER OTHER BOOKS THAT I HAVE NOT YET READ  IT REALLY GIVES YOU A LOT TO THINK ABOUT.
I found this on Amazon while on vacation; actually was looking for something else good to read and looked for recommendations based upon other books I had read. I think this one came up as a book others who had bought Stephen King's 11/23/63 (which I also loved). Wow what a treat this book was. I can't add anything more than what others have written. The plot is unique and I really had trouble putting it down. Fortunately I'm on vacation!
Just an incredible read. The midway twists are nerve wracking. It was very hard to put down this book. Truly Amazing...
This was a great read.I couldn't put it down.The ending makes you really despise the one leading character.
What a great book! Always kept you on your toes and truly never a dull moment! Dark and beautiful all at the same time.
Well written book.  The story is presented so that you're anticipating the next surprise.  Can't wait to see the movie.
By far one of the best books I have ever read it's amazing, like Amy. Really made me think too. Just great book overall
I just didn't like the ending.  I wanted more!  It was suspenseful if you didn't see the movie before reading the book.
One of the best book s I have read in a. Long time.  Surely there will be a sequel.  Can't wait to read it if there is.
I loved this book,it was a real page turnerI give this book give give stars. I recommend everyone read this book.
Good read. It keeps you thinking the whole time. Good story line and unpredictable ending. Can't wait to see the movie.
Wow, talk about calculating coldness. That is an evil woman with a knack for pushing all the right buttons. Great read.
Edge of your seat twisted thriller, my fav book read in the past year. Gillian Flynn knows how to keep you entertained.
Could not put this down.  A look inside a sociopath for sure!  Many plot twists and jaw droppers!!!!  Highly recommend.
Turning and turning this is a unbelievable story; you may not like the end but it kept me liking the book nevertheless.
Once you start reading this.....I doubt you will be able to out it down.  It's excellent reading.  Very riveting story.
Amazing story - now should I see the movie? Brilliant character builder, I would highly recommend this book.  Must read
Great story with philosophical twists! Book will leave you guessing until the last page. A must read for suspense fans.
More satisfying ending than the movie. Got into character's heads and understood their motivations...however misguided.
This is a great book but the ending!!!! It really posses me off.I think the Twitter needs to finish this...
Seemed dry In the beginning but every adult reader shall appreciate this read. ""A REALLY good book"" sums it up.
Wanted to read this first before watching the movie. Very dark and twisted. I love it! Can't wait to see the movie now.
Was hard to put down, can't wait to see the movie...Ben Affleck seems like a perfect casting choice for ""Nick"".
Just excellent.  I am always bummed when I figure out who dunnit too soon.  That is not going to happen with this book.
Amazing. Read this immediately!!!!! Definitely on my top ten list of greatest books I have ever read! Love love love it
this book was absolutely spine chilling-  a must to read!!!! u cannot put it down from the time u begin it till the end
I enjoyed the psychological aspect of this book- it makes you keep guessing ""did he or didn't he?"" for a while.
The book is a little tedious in the beginning but rapidly becomes a book you cannot put down. The characters seem real.
I had read it earlier; however, could not remember all of the details  it is a real page turner  the author is a genius
Loved how well the characters are written! You love-hate-love-hate them! A great read for a wide variety of readers. A+
Wow! Twisted! Love how the story is in Nick's and Amy's perspective. The story keeps you guessing. Movie was great too!
This book kept me to the very end ... Gillian Flynn !! what a ride you took me on ...I recommend this to everyone
This was an amazing book!  Very well written and suspenseful!  Can't wait to read more books by the author!  Great job!
This book was AWESOME!!! The movie looks good too, but I don't know how it could possibly top the book. Great writing!!
Unbelievable book...haven't seen the movie but will wait a while because I don't see how it can be as good as the book!
Crazy twists and more crazy, crazy twists. It keeps you going. Starts off a little slow and then it's full speed ahead!
Well written. Will read it again! It keeps you wondering and unpredictable. Twisted and shocking! A must read for sure!
Recommended before seeing the movie. I read the whole book in one weekend. Smartly written with lots of amazing twists.
Better the second time!  Loved it.  Can't wait for the movie!  Gillian Flynn is a master!  Loved it!  Will reread agakn
Very unique story. Probably the most realistic piece of fiction I've read in a long time. I would definitely recommend.
Definitely a page turner! Five stars! This better ok was great from beginning to end and I can't wait to see the movie!
it was a brain teaser. Well written mystery of a sick mind. Attention holding. Recommend read before you see the movie.
A little slow to start, but once you get past the first couple chapters you won't want to out the book down!!  So good!
The story line was riveting. I read the entire book in two days. The many twists and turns in the story are surprising.
Loved the construction of the story as you came to know the characters and their reactions and responses to each other.
Gripping book!  Will keep you on the edge of your seat and sneaking around trying to finish reading.  Writing is great!
I am so emotional ally wrapped in this poisonous tale. Makes you wonder if you TRULY know the person you've married....
I loved the book! I am so glad that a friend of mine told me not to read any reviews that features ""the story"".
Suspense builds and builds the end could of been a little better. But overall you'll finish this book in about two days
Well, I was surprised! Can't wait for the movie. I'm wondering if they will give anything away with hint to the ending.
I can't wait for the movie. This book will leave you speechless. The twist is so unexpected. Perfect balance of voices.
Hard to put down. Interesting that it's kind of in diary form so you switch between characters. Unpredictable for sure!
Excellent.  Can't wait to see the movie.  Glad we have story to follow ""The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo"" series.
So well written. Clever, funny and infuriating! A friend recommended this book and she was right. I barely put it down.
This novel was a true ""can't put it down till I finish"".  I read all through the night and wanted more when I was done.
Great pacing and structure, plot twists were well executed.  Can't wait to see the movie as the casting looks well done
Mesmerizing. Could not out it down.  Kept me guessing the entire book.  Many twists and turns each chapter.  Read this!
LOVED it!  Kept me interested from page one.  I never would have guessed the ending.Looking forward to the movie.
Amazing story! Had me hooked from the start! Page by page I just had to see what was coming next. Read it in one night.
Loved that the story is told in two voices. Great plot twists. A real page-turner!  This is a movie I will want to see.
I like mysteries and this was, as they say, a ""page turner.""  I liked the format and found the plot intriguing.
Best book I've read in awhile. Can't wait until the movie hits theaters. Going to buy more books from this writer ASAP.
Fun read.  Gillian Flynn has  very good grasp of human nature and wrote a taut thriller that kept me turning the pages.
What an amazing book! I could not put it down. I look forward to reading more of Ms. Flynn's novels in the near future.
Such a good, twisted book!  You'll end up hating the characters but loving the book.  Intense.  I couldn't put it down!
The amount of plot twists in this book is incredible and each one is better than the last. Can't wait to see the movie!
Very well written book. This book really keeps you guessing the entire time. It really sucks you into the entire story.
Love it, could not put it down.  Did NOT see that ending coming!  Makes me excited to dive into Gillian's other novels.
I simply could not put the book down! Constantly keeping me on the edge of my seat! Greatest book I've read in a while.
I basically rushed through all other errands/chores to get back to this book! Crazy-Evil fun, can't wait for the movie.
This is an amazing book. I loved it and read the entire thing in about three days, you will not be able to put it down!
Recommended by friend as great vacation book.  The plot is very intricate and there are surprises from start to finish.
It was a good read I could not wait to turn the page. I didn't really like the ending but overall I loved the suspense.
I couldn't stop reading about these twisted people! What an insane book. I loved how it was told through diary entries.
It's a Great book--though long, it doesn't feel long. It keeps you staying up past your bedtime until you've finished.
Got it for my wife and she made me read it before we watched the movie, it's a good book and the shipping was fast too. It's a great story of love lost and betrayal, the characters are all complexed and you find yourself easily lost in the world the live in. After watching the movie I must admit that it tries but can't really compare to the book
Perfect. The author's skill at writing and mind trickery is just perfect! Better than the movie in all the usual ways.
This book is full of different twists. Kept me in suspense. I wasn't crazy about the ending, but still glad I read it.
This is a great read from beginning to end, really keeps you guessing throughout the entire story. Loved this book!!!!
Great and interesting story!  Hard to put down!  This is a story not to be missed!  Highly recommended.  Great author.
Kept me up late many nights, loved the story. A dark and depressing read in most respects, but definitely a good read.
A good read that keeps your interest until the end. I read the book first and then watched the movie. I am glad I did.
Great reading.  Kept you wondering you is telling the truth or who did what.  The ending is up to what a person likes.
Great read, keeps you guessing and live the way it plays out. Love the detail and inside thoughts from both characters
Amazing!Excellent book that keeps you on your toes at all times!!! Movie is good as well. Definitely a good read
The ending was a little bit of a let down but I couldn't stop reading the book and now I can't wait to rent the movie!
Oh my gosh! I wish I would have read this before the movie... There needs to be a sequel!!!! Psycho bitches be psycho!
Best book I've read in a very long time. I initially borrowed it from the library but later purchased it to reread it.
Captivating and surprising ! This has been one of the most intense  books I have ever read, and I highly recommend it.
This book keeps you guessing throughout. Great read-- engaging and fun. Don't miss it -- read BEFORE seeing the movie.
Loved the book. I am looking forward to reading more from the author. I wish the ending was a little different though.
A very interesting suspenseful read. Read every inch of the book in 2 days. Looking forward to a sequelThank you
though pr every rovoking look at marrage after lust leaves in steps the most sincere form of marriage we see sround us
Best book I've read in ages, it's gripping and I couldn't put it down it twists and turns and is totally unpredictable
This book was great. I could not put it down. Definitely suggest anyone looking for a good read to choose ""Gone Girl"".
Had me second guessing throughout amazing writing to be able to hold a reader on every page.  Couldn't put it down wow
A fantastic novel. It's not easy to really delve into it but around the midway point my head was spinning. I loved it!
Love love love this book! I've read it more than once and it was just as good the second time even knowing the twists!
Very good book.  A little far-fetched.  HATED the ending.  Haven't seen the movie - wondering if it ends the same way.
Keeps you guessing to the very end. Makes me want to know more about what happens after the baby is born. Great job!!!
This book was beautifully written, I had a hard time putting it down I enjoyed reading it very much. Highly recommend.
Slow start, but loved the book once I got into it.  Real surprise ending.  Had to go see the movie after reading this.
amazing. Read this in 2 days on the beach and I was hooked on ever page. I have to read books before I see the movies.
What a great book.  Loved the twists and turns - certainly kept me interested.  Looking at reading more of her books -
Quick delivery & a solid product. It works perfect and is just what I needed at work. Thank you for such a great deal!
Twists and turns, right til the end. It's a strange fact, seeing into the complicated minds of, hopefully, only a few.
You love the characters then hate them then when you're loving them again bam you hate them again lol crazy good story
Held your interest the entire way. Great book.  Highly recommend it.  Movie was good also but not as good as the book.
Cleverly written, pushes the envelope in style and technique, and draws in the reader with good character development.
I hated the ending. I couldn't believe it. Still, the best book I've read in a very long time! I couldn't put it down!
Strange book but at the same time enthralling. I ended up hating Amy and hating Nick for succumbing.  What twists.....
For a female writer she sure knows what is going through a man's mind. Scary -- maybe.Great story. Greatly told.
Another Gillian Flynn master piece... I couldn't put it down.  Loved it...  Will share with all my friends and family.
I could not put this book down. Just when I thought it was figured out another twist!  Loved it! Now to see the movie.
I really enjoyed the twist and turns in this story! I am looking forward to seeing how the movie compares to the book.
Great book!! Could not put it down, so many twists and turns. Never read any of her books, but I will be reading more.
Sorry i'm done giving feed back you work for me I don't work for you unles Amazon would like to pay me for my options?
Twists, turns, never knowing what is coming next. You'll never know what is coming next. Won't be able to put it down.
Great book!!  It had me captivated.  I got to a point where I couldn't put it down.  I just wanted a different ending.
Excellent reading.  Plans were to read it while on vacation, but after the first few chapters, I couldn't put it down.
Really kept me engaged and loved the twists and turns to understand both perspectives of each person. Highly recommend
The story and its characters are incredibly twisted. I could never have predicted the ending.  I couldn't put it down!
Everytime I thought I had the endiing figured out, another twist was added to the plot. Very suspenseful I loved it!!!
Great book riveting right until the end hope the movie can do the book justice. Great read recommend it it to everyone
Ridiculously good. Hard to put down. No. Impossible to put down. Better than a 2 hour Dateline on a dark winter night.
If you haven't read this book yet, do it! So many things to talk about, I won't ruin it but....Aww heck just read it!!
I just finished this book, my first real addictive  read on a Kindle. Amazing Amy wins again. Now on to the next book!
I looked forward to any time that I could spend reading it.I found the short quizzes a different and amusing addition.
Loved this book! Just when you think you have it all figured out, you find the biggest twist. I couldn't put it down !
Usually a historical non fiction of autobiography kind of guy but this book was ridiculously good. Didn't put it down.
I have whiplash from all the fascinating twists and turns of this book. I loved it, but it could be very exasperating.
I really loved this book.  I couldn't put it down.  WARNING!  It led to the purchase of two other Gillian Flynn books.
Well written. Keeps your interest as you never know what is going to happen. Good twist and turns and great characters
Gone Girl was an amazing book. It was a relatively quick read with lots of ups and downs. Definitely kept my interest.
A fantastic and enchanting read!I couldn't put it down and i devoured it in a few days - bring on the next book!
Lots of twists and turns.  An unexpected surprise.  Just when you think you have it figured out, there is a new twist.
Fascinating in both the story and the way it's written. It's also interesting to discuss with others who have read it.
What a fun book! You love the characters one chapter and then you hate them the next. And the ending is so unexpected.
Great storytelling! Fast paced reading with many twist and turns. You will not be disappointed with this book. Get it!
Twists and turns and no way to know what comes next.  Very good read.  Could not put it down, read far into the night.
Amazing!  This book was filled with twists that I never saw coming. Not predictable in the least. This is a must read.
Best book I think I've ever read. If I were Gillian's husband I would be very afraid. Other 2 books were goods as well
This was a strange book from the start, but one tat keeps your interest until the end, and the ending is a real doozy!
Great book ! Positively diabolical. I couldn't put it down, I can't wait for David Fincher to adapt this into a movie.
Loved it!!! Highly recommend it!! I liked the way it grabbed my attention and kept me interested from start to finish.
Kept you involved, thought you would have it figured out and them another twist. Would recommend to friends and family
Gone Girl had so many twists and turns that a reader couldn't possible predict the ending with any absolute certainty!
Hard to put down once I started.  So many crazy twist and turns, makes you think about your own life and relationships
Strangely addictive story of a marriage. Sucks you into a world so depraved I literally gasped out loud several times.
Great book catches your attention and holds it there. Can't wait for the movie hopefully Ben afleck does nick justice.
I haven't enjoyed a book this much in a very long time. And the twists and turns are completely unexpected. Fantastic!
A very twisted tale written from the different views of the two main characters. A thriller of sorts hauntingly scary.
Couldn't put it down.  Surprise ending.  I would recommend to all.  I will read other books by this author.  Excelleny
Long after the last word has been had, the mind games will continue.  No doubt about it, this one will stick with you.
I found this book gripping and unexpected. I couldn't put it down and finished it in a couple of days... recommended!!
I ripped through this book so fast- I could not put it down. I even put my hand over the page on the right side to keep my eyes from straying over! I read it as I brushed my teeth, as I stirred our dinner...when one reads a lot, one can usually see the formula and figure out what is next. Not so with this one. I loved all the twists and turns...right to the last page. Highly recommended for a suspenseful but not gory, explicit read.
I know this book doesn't need any more reviews but I'm doing one anyway.  First off, I HATE FICTION.  In 15 years, I have maybe read about 3 fiction books but I am REALLY glad I made this one of them.  This is like a True Crime book on crack.  Like you could actually be inside of your favorite Dateline episode's heads. I watched the movie first but it didn't ruin the book at all.  The casting for the movie was perfect.  I felt like I was reading the unfolding of the Scott and Lacey story but with much more complex and bizarre lead characters.  I loved this book.  I loved this movie.  And most of it is is set in Missouri so, yeah.
Gillian Flynn is one of my new authors and Gone Girl is the first book I have read of hers, but it certainly will not be the last.  This experience, and I say that, because it is far more than reading a book;  left me wanting more of this outstanding writer.  Every page was anticipated and turned anxiously, although I didn't want the book to end.  I am looking forward to reading her other books and can't wait until she writes the next.  Wow, I am blown away by her absolutely clear imaged thoughts and the reality that this could relate to anyone and one never knows what one is thinking.  My new favorite author.  Thank you Gillian.
Two thumbs up for Gillian Flynn!This book will keep you engaged and wanting more. What a terrific master piece.
Finally read it and was really pleasantly surprised.  Didn't really like the ending, but I got why it ended that way.
Very well written.  Had a little trouble in the beginning catching my interest but hang in there it gets really good.
I read about 100 books a year and this was at the top of my list for 2014. Very suspenseful and full of crazy twists.
I loved this book. It was on the edge of your seat exciting!  I can't wait to read the rest of Gillian Flynn's books.
I am still in the process of reading it. So far it is really good. The wife has gone to a lot of trouble to get even.
I could barely put this book down.my husband read it at the same time and it gave us so much to converse about!
Great read.  Hard to put the book down.  Looking forward to watching the movie. Highly recommend this book to others.
A great read. Just an intriguing and incredibly well written story. A real page turner that will leave you shocked...
WOW! THIS WAS AWESOME! The twists and turns and just when you think you have it all figured out- you don't! LOVED IT!
I love the flow of her writing every book I read of hers I was hooked!Can't wait for a new book from her.
At first I was confused by the style of writing but once I caught on wow!  What a ride!  Thoroughly enjoyed the book.
Liked this book so much I have started reading another Gillian Flynn book.  By the way, the movie was also very good.
Great book. Twists I didn't see coming. Kept me going for more. Can't wait to see the movie now. Definately recommend
Wow ! What a wild read an so now I Can't wait to see the movie. Would never want to be married to a psycho like that.
Good book, plenty of twists. I'll be reading more by Gillian Flynn. But first I am going to have to go see the movie!
Excellent writing. A real page Turner!!!  Although you may think you know how the plot goes, you will be surprised!!!
exciting....the most twisted plot that has been written in a long time.  even the grocery store is selling this book.
Definitely a page turner. And even once you know what happened, you still won't guess how it ends up. Worth the read.
Riveting.  I was rooting for Amy and Nick simultaneously;  until I realized one of them had a serious mental problem.
Wow. At first it was an okay book. Then a twist and it became a mind blowing oh my kind of book. The ending is a wow.
I am amazed at this story every time I read it.  The thoughtfulness and planning involved in this story is inspiring!
Loved this book! It was a real page turner!  Not sure I want to see the movie.  Excellent plot with twists and turns!
a fantasic book , it kept me on the edge of my seat. You did not know how it would turn from one moment to the next .
The book took turns that I never expected! Gillian Flynn wove a psychological study into a novel. A real page turner.
Best book ive read in a very long timeI recommend this book for everyone to read. You will not be disappointed.
Couldn't put this book down. Twists and turns you don't see coming! Defiantly the best book I've read in a long time!
Excellent book with many twists and turns that I wasn't expecting. Now that I read the book I am ready for the movie.
This book is an awesome page turner. Keeps you guessing as to what's gonna happen next. Definitely suggest this book.
Slow reading at first and then suddenly it happened!!  No small wonder that it is a best seller and a favorite movie.
Read this in two days. Neglected the children, didn't sleep, and the kitchen is a disaster, but, yes, it's that good.
Re read in anticipation of the movie. Excellent reAd. Dark thrilling and a page turner. Recommend to every one I know
Fantastic book, a bit slow & long winded for my taste... But, give it a chance! It is happy, funny, twisted & dark!!!
Read it and weep. Love make a strange bed fellow and this couple takes the cake. Highly recommended to anyone and al!
Could not put it down. Keeps you guessing until the end. I'm looking forward to reading other books by this author...
Amazing writing! Highly recommend. The movie will pale in comparison to the suspense delivered by the author's prose.
Loved it!  A book you just can't put down.  The movie is coming out soon, but it can't be nearly as good as the book!
Every single one as interesting as the last. Though the ending was a bit on the open ended side for a crime thriller.
This book was amazing. It had me turning page after page until there was nothing else left to read. Highly recommend!
I was late to the party with this book, but I'm so glad I finally got there. Very exciting, lots of twists. Loved it!
Second time. Just as brilliant.  Can't wait for the movie.Her other two books are just as unusual and thrilling
Great weekend read if you can't turn away and get back to life . I spent Friday to Sunday unable to put my book down.
Can't wait to see the movie, if they don't mess it up!!  This girl can write a novel. She had me fooled all the way!!
Couldn't put this one down. A great vacation read. Never would have guessed the ending. Very adaptable to the screen.
Gone Girl was a great book. I couldn't put it down. I hope there is a sequel, because the ending left me wanting more
Lots of twists and turns, kept me on my toes. I wonder what happened next to the characters when Ms. Flynn concluded.
Great read...couldn't put it down.  Lots of twists and turns keep you guessing !!  Loved it. Well written.  Must read
I so loved this book from beginning to end. I loved how much the book and the characters changed throughout the book.
This book will keep you reading and wanting more. It's too much to truly grasp at times but you won't stop, I promise
An interesting plot with a nice twist. Definitely a great book to sit and read at the beach. I highly recommend this.
Enjoyed this book. Fast read. Lots of twists. Glad I listened to the recommendations to read it. Highly recommend it.
Couldn't put it down. Stayed up late to finish. Unexpected turns are fantastic. Can't wait until the movie comes out.
Couldn't stop reading it! Kept me intrigued all the way to the end! Absolutely loved it, would recommend to everyone!
Couldn't decide whether I was more fascinated or repulsed by this gripping story. Either way, I couldn't put it down.
Great writing, it was a page turner!! I didn't want it to end.Will definitely read more of Gillian Flynn.
I absolutely loved this book and hope they eventually make a movie out of it. The ending was unique....poetic justice
I loved Gillian Flynn's first two novels - Sharp Objects and Dark Places.  When I first started reading ""Gone Girl,"" I thought it was going to be a more conventional murder mystery and I was disappointed.  I shouldn't have been.""Gone Girl"" ends up having just as many twists and turns as Flynn's previous novels.  And I thought I had a dysfunctional family?  Wait until you read about Nick and Amy Dunne.The evidence is mounting that Nick Dunne did away with his wife.  Did he? This book will keep you guessing (just like Flynn's others) until the very (disturbing) end.
Just leaves you wanting the sequel. Each time you think the story line is predictable, it isn't. Well done Ms Flynn.
Gillian Flynn created two unreliable narrators that kept me hooked. I read the book until 4am for two days straight.
Great read!! I wish I read the book before watching the movie. Definitely going to read Gillian Flynn's other books.
A totally fascinating book which holds your interest from cover to cover.  Amazing interrelationships in story line?
Fantastic book to read. Its great entertainment and it makes you think about your own relationship with your spouse.
Great book, highly visceral reading and a great story. It's deeply disturbing but in a good way. Highly recommended.
Was on the edge of my chair from beginning to end! Was sorry to have finished the book. Complex characters and plot.
This book is beyond what I expect it to be! I haven't seen the movie yet so I hope the movie gives the book justice.
Loved this book ! I now question what is and what isn't unconditional love myself! Marriage IS difficult but REALLY!
This was so messed up on so many levels... but I enjoyed it anyway. A+ for creativity! Maybe there will be a sequel?
Such a clever book. Full of twists and turns you aren't expecting. A page turner for sure. There should be a sequel.
I would definitely recommend reading, I found the novel hard to get into but ""amazing"" when it picks up! Great read!
GREAT PLOT  absolutely loved this book.  Pure shock at every turn of the page.  Real page turner you will be hooked!
I have never switched sides so much while reading a book. This was a superb read and I would recommend it to anyone.
excellent It kept you o0n your toes wondering if she was really dead or alive and then what did she h0pe to achievie
One of the best books I have read in a while. Just when you think you know what is happening, another twist appears.
The story was good although it was slow at times especially in the beginning.  It translated very well into a movie.
Read this book on the plane and the mystery got me hooked to keep reading. A good who-done-it.Perfect vacation read.
Awesome thriller! Thoroughly enjoyed the ride the author took me on. Can't wait to check out the next book by Flynn.
I could not put this book down. What an abstract look at marriage. I'm excited to read the next book in the trilogy.
Kept me reading and on my toes. Loved the turns and twists. Making my husband read this to see what crazy really is.
Fantastic book! Very well written and suspenseful. You are immersed in the characters and on the edge until the end.
Great story, so many twists and turns. I was hoping for a different ending, the the ending is what the story needed.
So great! So clever! So suspenseful! I love how this book is told through both of their points of view. A must read!
WOW. Could not put the book down, and did not see that end coming.  Was hoping she died during labor. Great writing.
It's a very well written book, nice language, great story development, unexpected twists. Really enjoyed reading it.
One of the first books in a long time that I've finished in a weekend. Couldn't put it down. Keeps you on your toes.
I couldn't put this book down.  There were so many twists and turns!  It's quite a ride, but definitely a must read!
Loved it for the second time! Can't wait to see the movie...thanks Gillian for an amazing read, I will never forget!
Great story, entertaining and so different than anything else I have read. I can't wait t ok read more of her books!
Loved it! Very good twists and turns. I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for an entertaining book to read
A very good book. Read through it in just a few days. I'm looking forward to seeing how it's portrayed in the movie.
Tried to think ahead and guess the ending but was blown away. Never saw it coming. Intrigued all the way to the end!
What an intriguing book with so many twists and turns! The ending will confuse you and floor you at the same time!!!
I loved Gone Girl. It was one of those books I just couldn't put down; a real page turner. Gone Girl is a must read.
Good book!  Will wait for movie to come out on TV tho.  Excellent character development.  Would definitely buy again
Wow this was unbelievably twisted! Can't wait to see the movie soon! Good job on the writing! Sequel hopefully soon?
The way this author bends the reader to her will is masterful. A true show piece of written manipulation. Must read!
Kept my attention from beginning to end. I didn't hate the ending as much as others but would love a few alternates!
Great book. Moves quickly. Keeps your attention with its many twist and turns, and I didn't see that coming moments.
This story envelopes you, taking you places you never consider. I loved it! The ending is a bit vague but acceptable
I enjoyed reading this book.  Although different , I could not put it down because of the many twists in the story .
Great read, totally not what you were thinking was going to happen. Very interesting. Would read the book again. :-)
I was held spell-bound by the twists, turns and psychotic behavior unfolding in this novel. I could not put it down…
This book was written very uniquely and I could not put it down! I enjoyed the diary entries approach to a novel....
This was an amazing change of events and a great study of a very sick mind great format that did the story justice..
Not the ending I expected but a good read. Would still recommend this book to friends to add to their list of reads.
I loved how the story went back and forth between each other's views. Can't wait to see what they do with the movie.
One of the best books I've ever read. Extremely suspensful, and uncountable plot twists that you'll never see coming
Keep my attention at all times.  Hard to guess the end and very unexpected. I recommend to everyone who likes books.
Loved it!  Well written,  I like how the characters stories go back and forth to paint one big picture.  Great read.
So smartly written and well-thought out its almost eery. Excited to read more of Gillian Flynn. I really enjoyed it.
This book kept me interested and curious! I wasn't expecting what was going to happen. I Highly recommend this book.
Couldn't put the book down!!!! Always wanted to know what happens next! I read the book in 3 days and couldn't stop!
Keeps you on your toes. I couldn't put it down and the writing style is unique, almost eloquent in a mysterious way.
I loved this book from start to finish, a must read! I will,recommend this one to all mynfriends for summer reading.
Great story that never failed to keep me on the edge of my chair.  I wish every book I pick up would be this good!!!
Very good read, just when I thought I had something figured out there was another twist. Recommend reading this book
Very well written and keeps you guessing all through the story.  A very enjoyable read, perfect book for the summer.
That was unexpected. Great storytelling genius. Thanks for the great read. I was starting to think one way and bam !
This book kept me guessing and pulled me in and could not put it down!  Highly recommended. Great book, a must read.
The twists and turns were all indeed Mindblowing .Loved it.finished it at one go.wud reccommend it to all my friends
Our book club just finished this! What a great read! Kept you guessing until the end.I highly recommend this..
Awesome Book.  Great purchase.  Kept me guessing all the way to the end.  I highly recommend it to everyone! Amazing
Keeps your attention on every page.  The writing style is very clever.  I am kept wondering what comes next however.
This is such a great book! You need to read it before the movie comes out and I guarantee you that you will love it.
This book is exciting and full of twists! I would highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading thrillers.
Enjoyed this story very much! Just when I thought I had it figured out, a delicious twist would take me by surprise!
A great story, plays with your sympathies for the two characters.A very clever way of telling a story, thanks.
This must have been based on a real person. The character dialogue and context of the situations was so believable.
I would recommend this book for others to read.  It really kept my interest and I never knew just how it would end.
Best book I've ever read...for all the right reasons...Gillian slew me with every word, phrase, paragraph and page.
I loved this book, but i hated every single character at the end. So interesting and dark. The mind of a psycopath.
Very interesting book.  Kept me interested the whole way.  I recently got to see the movie and enjoyed that as well
Couldn't have predicted the ending even though I had seen the movie first. Good book and would recommend to anyone.
Much better and more engrossing and complete than the movie. I loved every minute of it . Worth the time and money.
Loved it! Was a great read. Very suspenseful, looking forward to reading the book. would recommend this to a friend
LOVED this book - never find time to read anymore - but took a couple of days at the beach - couldn't put it down!!
Bet thriller I've read in long time. Lots of twists and turns! Loved it......the movie doesn't do the book justice.
Quick read and was hooked from the start. Unexpected twists and turns that kept me guessing. I highly recommend it.
I read this while on a work vacation with my husband. It kept me entertained for the entire week.Great read!!
Loved the book. To me it was better than the movie. I loved all the characters, especially Amy. She was so twisted.
This is one of the best novels I've read.  Excellent plot twists and turns, good writing everyone should read this.
It started out sometime hard for to follow but then took off, totally awesome and kinda psychotic thank you Gillian
This was an amazing cat and mouse thriller.  Tons of twists and turns.  Gone Girl will leave you...GONE!  Loved it!
Much better than the movie!  The character development was well done and I read this in just a bit more than a day.
I really liked all the twists and turns in the story and never suspected the ending . I couldn't put the book down.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Had a lot of twists and turns. A very unexpected ending. A must read. Cldnt put down.
Excellent physchological thriller.  What an ending.  I could only imagine what would happen to the main characters.
Not at all what I expected.  Loved the twists and insight in to sociopathic behavior.  Interested to see the movie.
Incredible. Always out does himself with the next chapter, all I can think of is the book when I am not reading it.
Plenty of twists and turns in this psychological thriller! I could NOT put it down. Best book I have read all year!
Fantastic. Unexpected twists and turns. Which character should love? Ooops. Not that one. Wait, no that one either.
Couldn't put it down!  I think we all know people somewhat like this but this takes it to the extreme. Fascinating.
Amazing. Just when you think you have an idea, there's a new twist. It kept me interested and wanting to read more.
what a great book. so many twists in this story a must read.  Easy reading you'll want to just gobble the book up!!
I loved this book because it was different. It was consistently changing and kept you guessing. It was a great read
Awesome book! You think you have it figured out and boom the plot thickens! Loved loved it! Definitely a must read.
What else can you say!! Well written!!! A great ride through the mind of a Sociopath... Can't wait to see the movie
I loved every page, it was worth every penny! I can't wait to read more of this author's work. I applaud you Flynn!
Loved it! Must read! Keeps you guessing on every page until the end! Great read! The ending was kind of odd though.
Page turning....loved every twist and turn...a cliff hanger at end of every chapter..turn the page....whats next...
Couldn't put this book down. What a great novel. I will be buying more from this author. Would defiantly recommend.
after a few chapters you neglect your family, pets, and work, you can't put it down and will not expect the ending.
So twisted and so good.  I will not see the movie so I can keep the ""pictures"" presented to me by the book.
This book started a little slow, but as you get into it, it moves along rather quickly with great twists and turns.
I could not put this book down. Page Turner, unpredictable, unlike a lot of books these days. Loved the story line!
Could not put this book down til I finished it. Wonderfully twisted!! I'll be reading anything this author puts out
Page turner.  Couldn't put it down, can't believe the evilness of this woman!  Great for all ages and great to read
Best book I've read in a while. Will be looking at Ms. Flynn's other books for even more entertainment. Great book.
this book was very good from beginning to end. I recommend this book for anyone's next book club meeting for sure.,
WHAT a twister! I was literally gasping at so many parts and the ending was not I expected. Definitely a must read!
thouroughly enyoyed reading this book, and am looking forward to seeing the move that is coming out in a few weeks.
Started out slowly but them I was hooked .  Started tying to guess what was coming next came up short several times
Amazing, suspenseful novel. Definitely a must read!!! The end will leave you mind blown. Cannot wait for the film .
This story had me hooked from the first page. Fast-paced plot, intriguing twists and turns, fascinating characters.
I agree with others, I was not a fan of how the book ended.  But was totally engrossed in reading it until the end!
So many twists and turns! Many emotions going on while reading this book! Have a love/hate for the main characters!
Story line kept you engaged.  I loved the twists and turns.  Knowing what was gong on in their minds was brilliant.
Love this book!  It was very different from what I expected, but the surprise was great!  I'll be reading it again!
Great book!  The plot was so different from many others but a really good book.  You won't be disappointed.  Enjoy!
Excellent. Enjoyed trying to figure out how the twists and turns would end with a logical conclusion. Very good job
I loved this book. I thought I knew what was going on until half way through and the story flips. Really good read!
Can't even put into words creapyShe's is completely twistedI didn't expect this by any means at all wow
Lots of twists and turns in this very well written book.  I highly recommend reading it before the movie comes out!
Fabulous thrill ride of twists and turns!  I couldn't put it down, and was sad when it was over. Very well-written.
The most unexpected novel I've read thus far. As the the story evolves you start to second guess your own behavior.
This book had some good twists and I often found myself often rooting for the least person that needed rooting for!
I absolutely Loved loved loved. Didn't want to put it down.  I am looking forward to reading more if Flynn's books.
Great book.....I recommend it to all my friends as well as her other two books. Read it before the movie comes out!
I love that I was twiseted and turned the entire book! This was my first read from Flynn but not my last i am sure.
Love Gillian Flynn's style of writing, edgy with the right amount of mystery.  Hope she's got smother in the works,
I could not put this book down.  If you like a ""who dunnit"" type of book, this one is for you.  Great read.
I am definitely a fan of Gillian Flynn. Her books are very good, this one is no exception! I could not put it down!
Attention grabbing; mystifying; entertaining; exasperating; totally readable; give yourself a treat on your summer vacation.  Gillian Flynn has created some incredibly complex characters in believable settings.  This is a story in which only these characters could participate. Providing story details would possibly ruin the twists and turns in this novel.  This is the first piece by Ms. Flynn I have read.  If I now go to some of her first publications I hope I'm not disappointed as I compare it to this very entertaining novel. I don't usually write reviews but based on my experience with ""Gone Girl"", I had to comment.
Thoroughly enjoyed this mystery. Really well written. Highly recommend it! Kept me guessing all the way through...
This was one of the most Bizarre books I have ever read.  I am happy I read it because now I understand the movie.
Loved it! Story was really well written, had you enthralled and constantly thinking ""who is the good guy?
Another book written between the two characters perspectives. Never quite know who is telling the truth. Loved it.
Loved this book would recommend it to all my friendsHas all ingredients to keep you on the edge of your seat
Like all of Gillian Flynn's books Gone Girl is superb. The character development and plot are masterfully created.
Always leaves you on edge you never know what's about to happen. Even after reading I'm still figuring it all out.
I read this book in 3 days! It is written nicely with plenty of twists and turns to keep the reader on their toes.
This was a great read. Nick and Amy's toxic relationship is interesting and scary all at the sane time. Recommend.
Excellent book!  One of the best I've read in a long while. A tiny bit slow to get going,  but once it does,  wow!
This will keep you turning the pages all the way to the end. An excellent read,that you won't be able to put down.
Appreciated the smart writing. I saw the movie first but definitely prefer the book to the movie. Great fast read.
I enjoyed traveling between the two worlds of nick and Amy.  I kept rooting for the police to be a little smarter.
Loved it, despite the horrible ending.  Please, Gillian, give us weak readers some strong justice - write another.
The story Kept me guessing as to what was going to happen next.  I would definitely recommend this book  to others
A very exciting, enjoyable read.  I liked the way the author alternated between the voice of the husband and wife.
Read this book without knowing anything about it. just trust that you will enjoy it. Was recommended to me by npr.
Loved it! Great psychological tale. Grabbed me from the start. Scary to know people are really like this out there
This is a great book with some absolutely shocking twists! Definitely recommend it to anyone! For sure a good read
This was absolutely the craziest book I've ever read. I'm not sure I could live this way or be this way to anyone.
What a wonderful book. So sick and twisted at times I simply couldn't put it down. Book was better than the movie.
The story unfolds in ways you would never imagine in your wildest dreams. You can't put it down. It's a must read.
So many twists and turns you'll need a chiropractor to finish this book!  AWESOME!!  A definite must read for all.
Very interesting read. Kept me reading in anticipation. Did not like the ending. Will be anxious to see the movie!
WOW THIS BOOK WAS AMAZING. . VERY RIVETING. BEST BOOK EVER.  VERY RECOMMENDED. I WOULD READ AGAIN AND AGAIN.  WOW.
Very thrilling with unexpected plot twists all the way through. Would recommend for anyone. Here are my 20 words .
Such a fantastic and fairly quick read. The twists at every corner give it flare and make it superbly captivating.
Loved this book couldn't put it down, it makes you realize how some relationships or marriage can be so different.
Literally couldn't put it down.  Best book I have read in ages or maybe ever.  Read it before the movie comes out!
The story line is extremely complex with lots of twists and turns. It is a mystery and a tragedy at the same time.
Simply put: This novel was fun to read. When you hear talk about plot twists and surprises, believe what you hear.
Really great plot twist. This couple deserves each other. Can't wait to see the movie! And read more Gillian Flynn
What a great book!  This is my first read by the author and it won't be my last.  It's engaging till the very end!
Twisted! Always another twist in the plot. Even when you know who did it, there is another twist! I want a sequel.
Shocking and chilling. Draws you in slowly at first but then what a ride into the deep, dark recesses of the mind!
If you want a fabulous thriller, this is for you.  The twists are extraordinary and you won't want to put it down!
I didn't like the ending!but it was well written and a real page Turner that keeps you coming back for more.
Only have a limited amount of time to read, but so far, I am enjoying every page.  Can't wait to read Dark Places.
very entertaining with twists and turns to keep the reader interested and anxious for what comes next in the story
Easy read with twists and turns. Highly recommend this page turner with quite a surprise ending. Hard to put down.
This is an awesome book.  Suspenseful and a 'who done it' book.  I'm hooked, I cannot stop reading this.  PERFECT.
Should make for an excellent movie.  You're not likely to guess the ending - twists, turns to the unlikely ending.
Excellent story, twists, great read in general! Ending a little bit of a let down, but overall very worth reading.
The plot takes very unusual turns, left me questioning who the villain truly is, and if there is a sequel planned!
A excellent read. I felt like she should write a sequel. I think there is more to the story. Over all it was great
Fast paced, twists and turns - like reading it while riding on a roller coaster!  Page turner right until the end!
Great read! Got through it really fast and enjoyed the story.  I just hope the big screen adaptation isn't a bust.
Difficult to put down. A very good read. Great character development. I would stay up all night to read this book.
This is the first book I've read in a very long time that I didn't want to put down, and was sad when it was over.
This book held my interest, I couldn't wait to see what happened next.  Delves into the mystery of mental illness.
I read this last Summer and couldn't put it down.  A really great read, good twists and keeps u hooked throughout.
This was a great book that kept me on the edge of my seat!!  I would highly recommend it because it kept me guessing the whole time.  I especially loved the two main characters' voices, which changed from Nick to Amy to Nick and back to Amy throughout the whole book. The author wrote it so that you totally believed every word and thought.  Nick comes home one day and finds his wife, Amy gone - without a trace.  Nick becomes the main suspect and I won't tell you more because I don't want to ruin it.  Let's just say, you're never sure who is naughty or nice, lying or telling the truth, crazy or sane.  Great read!
I do not want to be a spoiler to this page turning tome.  You will enjoy this novel so very much. Nick and Amy meet in New York City and fall madly in love.  They are very happy until Nick gets laid off. Then he finds out his mother has cancer and his father has Alzheimer's.  They move to Missouri and begin a life there.  One day a neighbor calls Nick at the bar he owns to come home His front door is wide open. He finds signs of a big struggle and his wife, Amy is missing. Nick calls the police but starts lying. He is a man with lots of secrets. You will not be able to put this one down until it is finished!
I often find myself disappointed after reading all the hype and critical reviews of a ""great"" new book.  Not this time!  The book is told in two voices, Nick and Amy, and each alternating chapter is imbued with enough character to know from whom you are reading.  I literally could not put this book down and read it in two days.  I dare you to read it and not get caught up in the superbly tangled web.  You will see familiar character flaws that you may recognize in yourself or others as you watch this marraige melt down.  I will say no more to avoid spoilers, but do yourself a favor and buy/borrow this book.
Very good book. It had a twist I couldn't foresee coming. It kept me on my toes. I recommend this book to anyone.
Great book. Lots of suspense. Hard to put down. The movie was just as good but I recommend reading the book first
Very intriguing. Just when you think you know the story.....you don't! It will keep you guessing to the very end.
It took a bit of time to get into it, but I knew it was a good read. I'm glad I did. Now I want to see the movie.
This is a great story with interesting twists.  The ending totally sucks though.  Kind of ticked me off actually.
Just as good!  I have a list of books I've been waiting to read, but got sucked back in after watching the movie!
I haven't read a fictional book in over a decade, and I have to say that this was a pleasant return to the genre.
I could not put this book down. Although I couldn't wait to get to the end, I did not want it to end! Great book!
Could not stop reading.  So interesting and so twisted.  I did not like the ending but  I couldn't put book down.
Wow! So many twists and turns. Really well written and surprising all the way through. You need to read this book
A neat twist on presenting both sides of a story.  The plot kept me going right to the end.  Great vacation read.
This was  a great book. Can't wait to compare it to the movie! I was surprised multiple time throughout the book.
OMG! Could not read this book fast enough. This 'girl' puts a whole new spin on diabolically twisted. EXCELLENT!!
This book shocked me on so many levels. The way it was written was so impressive. I see myself reading this again
This book keeps you guessing!Best thriller I've read in years, a must read if you like suspense and mystery
Definitely read this book before seeing the movie. The movie will make more sense. Was not happy with the ending.
Such a great book!! Keeps you on the edge of your seat, I didn't want to put it down.. Mind blowing and brilliant
A great read that delivers from beginning to end,,, characters are extremely real and extremely well developed,,,
I love starting a book that I can't put down. I went to the movies today and found my wishing I was home reading.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It constantly surprises you and it left me wanting more. Could there be a sequel?
Awesome book. Couldn't put it down - finished in a day. Lots of great plot twists. Can't wait to watch the movie.
The plot of this book is outrageously good, but it's also incredibly well written.  Buy it!  You won't regret it.
It was a slow start, but as soon as you get half thru the book, it is very good! I also love the end of the book.
A real page turner.  I found myself staying up late reading into the wee hours with this gem.  Highly recommended
It kept me on my toes, great thriller book. I can't wait to see the movie, hopefully they stay true to the story.
I love that I have options on how to read to this book. I actually read the whole thing in a week on my computer.
Wonderful Twist!!Great read! Keeps you on the edge for the entire book. Couldn't put it down! Well written!
Started reading this book and hated to put it down.  First book in a long time that I was anxious to get back to.
Excellent! on the edge of my seat reading! Highly recommended book. Can't wait to see the movie. Great author yes
off the chart with the writing style. Just when you think the author is taking you a as left turn BANG you right.
This book had me feeling every kind of emotions! I couldn't put this book down, I never knew what to expect next!
Loved it couldn't stop reading itBest book in a long long timeHighly recommend this book to every one
GREAT BOOK! One of the best I have ever read. Also, identical to what the movie turned out to be. Both are musts!
I am still reading this great book. I can't wait to finish it.  It's a very well written book .  A great mystery.
The best book I have read in such a long time.  Very gripping, extremely well written and I couldn't put it down!
I really enjoyed this book because it was a surprise every time you turned the page. I look forward to the movie.
This is a well written book. I thought I had the plot figured out early on but I was wrong. Disappointing ending.
100% amazing! So gripping and non stop!Read it from cover to cover! I can't wait for the movie to come out!
Kept me on the edge! I couldn't put it down! Scary how depraved some people can be. Highly recommended this book!
Intriguing, very well written.  Although towards the end of the book I knew the culprit behind the ""gone
Love this book. Not a reader, but Its suspenseful and kept me wanting to read more!! Can't wait to see the movie.
This was a fun read and is great for beach or a rainy weekend. I could not put this down and read it in two days!
Starts a little slow, but really picks up about half way through.  I like how the plot twists around.  Good read.
Excellent book, the definition of a page turner! Well written, exciting story, recommended for just about anyone.
No matter how tired I was, I had to keep reading until the end.  Literally couldn't put it down.  Excellent read!
Couldn't put it down.  Loved it the whole way.  Was rooting for both at different times in the book. Will re read
The book started a little slow but picked up very fast. There were lots of twist and turns that I never expected.
Now I know why everyone was reading this book.  Talk about a page turner! Kept me in suspense until the very end.
Loved this book!  Tons of twists and turns. Kept me guessing even after it was over.  I would recommend this book
Really twisted story. I had no clue who did it until it was revealed.Don't expect a happy ending. Fun read.
Gillian Flynn is an author that knows how to hold your attention. I love the unexpected twists. Keep them coming!
Definite page turner. Kept me guessing till the end. Made me get Dark Places to read next. It's really good, too.
This book was unusually unpredictable.  It was a dark book but it was a great, easy read.  I highly recommend it!
Fabulous read ... the second you think you may know what is going to happen next ... another twist in the story!!
I couldn't put it down - such a unique story with unpredictable twists and turns. Very well written and engaging.
You will hate the characters - excellent writing with many surprises and plot twists. Did not see the end coming.
I rarely read b/c I swear I don't have time.  But you make time for this book!  So good and lots of crazy twists!
This novel could be another study in human nature.  I found  it easy to read as well as mildly thought-provoking.
Page turner all the way. I will continue to read the series  - I would of never of come up with these conclusions
This book grabbed me from the very beginning. Finding it hard to put it down . Very easy to get lost in this book
Just when you think you have it figured out,  you don't!  So many twists and turns,  I just couldn't put it down.
This book had so many heart breaking moments and then when the truth is revealed it still throws you!! Must read!
I couldn't stop changing my mind on who to root for. They both became despicable but sympathetic at the same time
You will not be able to put this book down.  It's a very fast read, very intense, with a lot of twists and turns.
This book had a lot of twists I didn't expect .  The ending is not what I expected.  Hope there is a second book.
What a great book.  Very suspenseful!!  Keeps you on your toes throughout the book.  Could not put this one down!
Love the way the story was told...kept you guessing!!you didn't know who was crazier.. Even at the end! Loved it!
Really enjoyed all the twists & turns in this book, would definitely recommend it .  It was an Easy read as well.
I thought I had This book figured out grime the get go but I  was pleasantly surprised by the ending. Great read.
Loved this book! Crazy and good all the same time. Love all books by Gillian Flynn. Recommend this read. Awesome!
Love this - haven't finished it - but this is the first book I am reading on Kindle.  Can not watt for the movie!
Great book!  I couldn't put it down!  I recommend this book highly!  Thank you author!  Hope others enjoy it too!
Really enjoyed reading this book! such amazing twists...It kept me in the whole time and I could not put it down!
I couldn't put it down. One of the best books I have read in a long time. she keeps you on the edge of your seat.
Very scary to find out the person you married and thought you loved turns out to be a psychotic disturbed person.
Well written story of a psycho marriage. Should make a terrific movie, just not wild about the ending. Five stars
Well written story that kept my interest all the way through and Ilook forward to reading her other novels!
This novel had me hooked from the first chapter. It took me on a thrilling ride and I was sad that it had to end.
THIS BOOKS KEEPS YOU GUESSING THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE STORY.  NEVER SURE WHO TO TRUST.  A+ in my book.  Crazy good!
I have read all three of Gillian Flynn's books, and by far this is the best. She never failed to keep me hooked into the story and an ingenious plot. I enjoyed every SECOND of this novel. I'd hate to see Hollywood try to make a film out of this--one simply needs to read and digest the work and not get distracted by location shots, face closeups, set designs, spooky music, yada, yada. The book will stay with you for a while after you finish it. Great summer, winter, fall, spring read--something for every season. I highly recommend it to readers who like thinking authors and like to think while they read.
SO TWISTED!!!!
Excellent read
Thanks to this book, I love Gillian Flynn's work. Great novel, I recommended for any reader who loves mysteries.
Enjoyed the book very much.  Style of presentation was excellent.  Ending was a surprise.  Definitely recommend.
Great read for the young and old alike. Fast and interesting read. One of many of this authors fascinating reads
I didn't expect all of the twists and turns.  I wasn't crazy about the ending.  The author has some imagination.
Unbelievable! I can't believe this woman.  This was the best book I've ever read.  The movie, meh.  Not as deep.
Pretty good book with many twists and turns. It really kept me on the edge of my seat. I would recommend to read
I couldn't put it down. Written so that each plot twist nestles into the one before and after. Highly recommend.
Never read a book like this before . The twist and turns truly keep you guessing .  Couldn't put this book down!
Great book! Takes a lot of unexpected turns. I read this book very quickly because I didn't want to put it down!
Loved the his hers alternating chapters style. What happens in the sequel??  Will there be a sequel - I hope so.
It's a very good read, the characters feel like real people and some points about modern life are very well put.
Excellent Read! Keeps you on your toes!! Fell in love with the chracters in this novel! Very impressive writing!
I started this book 4 days ago and couldn't put it down. I LOVED it. It was totally unpredictable and thrilling.
Quick to read, fantastic thriller. Now wonder it was so highly acclaimed. I can't wait to finally see the movie!
Couldn't put the book down but the ending seemed a bit lame compared to the rest of the book. Still a must read.
Very deep and well thought out. Lots of twists I hadn't guessed. Keeps you interested the whole time. Good read!
It was a slow start for me, but once the ""complication"" set in, I had a hard time putting the book down.
Oh my gosh, I couldn't put this book down.  Stayed up all night to read it.  Was hooked from the very beginning.
Great book and a must-read!! It was sorta slow for me in the beginning but once the plot thickened it was hooked
Super awesome book! I couldn't stop reading the story is so well written . Best book to get me back into reading
Would give it a 10 if I could.....most twisted, disturbing plot I have ever read.....didn't want to put it down.
Well done better than expected. Must read. Wish it was longer but ended making you wonder and think what's next.
just when you think you know what is going to happen, it goes in another direction. Can't wait to see the movie.
Page turner and I loved that each chapter alternated between perspectives.  Fun and disturbing at the same time.
Great read! It is also in my opinion, better than movie. It is great to see inside Nick's head as well as Amy's.
The print was very small, and I didn't especially like the story, but otherwise the book was in great condition.
What a great book! Very cleverly written...hoping for a follow-up to it one day...now I can finally see the film
The BEST book I have ever read!  It will keep you on your toes through the entire book!  I couldn't put it down!
Just finished and my head is still spinning from the wild ride! Loved this book immensely and the movie is next!
Many twists and turns that bring you back for more. Every mystery lover will enjoy this book. Very well written.
Great. Can't wait to see movie.  Next book please.Thanks for Amy and Nick. I would feel sorry for Amy too.
As always Gillian Flynn captures your interest and never fails to deliver.  I just wished there was an epilogue.
Lots of twist and turns.  Wasn't expecting this at all.  Well written and fast paced you won't want to put down.
A great read with a lot of psycho mind stuff. Will probably buy mitr of his books . Can,t wait to see the movie.
Wonderful!what an amazing story. kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time!  Jaw Dropping story line.
Awesome, never saw any of it coming!!! Amy is totally crazy!!!! Can't wait to see the movie now! beyond Excited!
Great Book.....lots of twist and turns.  I enjoyed the read and have purchased another one of her books to read.
a brief compelling tid bit of this novel.  I'll read the book before seeing the movie.  worth a few minutes time
A guilty pleasure. Starts off kind of slowly , but then it sucks you in. Great finish. There should be a sequel.
Such an amazing plot twisting book. Very well narrated and paints a vivid picture. Can't wait  to see the movie!
I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN.  SO MANY TWISTS AND TURNS, IT REALLY KEPT ME ENGAGED AND THINKING WHAT WILL HAPPEN NEXT.
Builds to a crescendo...great read that is hard to put down!  Many twists keep you guessing right up to the end!
Loved the insanity of the players..Did not like any character, which is an interesting way to read a book.
The title says it all. It takes a few pages to get started, but once it does, it's a real roller coaster. Enjoy!
I could hardly put this book down and when I did I was thinking about it! Excellent writing and constant twists!
I loved this book! I felt strongly for and against both Nick and Amy and really enjoyed how the parts connected.
Good book, but horrible ending. Very, very, very strange book, but  a good read. Like thus sentence, you want to
This book's twists and turns kept me guessing to the end.  And, the end was perfect because I am still guessing.
A real page turner.  Lots of layers, kept me interested. Don't want to give anything away, so will stop at that.
Great read! Couldn't put it down. Loved the twists in the book. Will definitely see the movie based on the book.
I really liked this book... It is a thriller you won't be able to put down. Great for a flight or a summer read.
this is an awesome book that will definitely not disappoint. Full of twists and turns that will keep you hooked.
I have recommenced the book to everyone that I know that reads books.  A most unusual book from start to finish.
I love all the twists! You never see whats coming next. Its a great thriller and definetly keeps your attention!
I really enjoyed this book! It was an interesting story! Loved the ending! I would recommend you read this book.
It was fantastic! I can't wait to read all the books by Gillian Flynn now. I keep thinking about the characters!
Ms. Flynn wrote an exceptional story! She makes you love to hate the main characters. It was a captivating read.
Loved the story from both point of views. Amazing Amy is very scary. I highly recommend the book to all readers,
Very well written and perfectly paced. I could not put this book down, I had to find out what would happen next.
Would recommend for anyone seeking a thrill. Dare you to put it down.How could anyone think this story up?
This was a very spell binding story.  I had a hard time putting it down.  Never would have guessed how it ended.
This book was a great read, it kept your interested till the very end.  I would recommend this book to everyone.
I can't say enough about this book. When I started reading I thought ""what the heck is this book going to be about"" then the more I kept reading the more it became a book that I could not put down. It was truly an exciting, well plotted, twisted, mind bending, story. A book that would make Hitchcock proud. As far as all the reviews about the ending...not to worry. I thought the ending was pure perfection,and as one other reviewer said she thought the last paragraph of the book was ""brilliant"" and I have to agree. It summed up the whole twisted mind of that character. Brilliant, simply brilliant.
Great book--very easy read. As always book is better than the movie but movie does follow pretty close to book.
Great book. Much better than the film which I saw first, and I LIKED the film! A fun and fascinating adventure.
A Real page turner. Wonderfully well written. Now to go rent the movie and complain how it pails in comparison.
Starts off really slow.. Give it time and it'll build up. It's a huge great disaster of a book. Will recommend!
Very suspenseful. There were a few parts that I was bored reading but the majority of it kept you on your toes.
Very good book. Would recommend this book for anybody to read who wanted to read about two rather crazy people.
I am worried about my soul -- I think just like Amy, though I am 26 and unmarried. This is the ultimate fantacy
Story line started slow, but quickly became a could not put down. Ending surprised me did not see that  coming.
Keeps you guessing till the end.  Makes you think that you may not know who your spouse really is.  Great book!
One of the best books I've ever read. Strongly recommend it to everyone. Can't wait to get more by this author.
Very good book!! Kept your attention to keep reading I will definitely read more books by Gillian Flynn A+ read
Such a good book, I couldn't put it down. I was completely surprised by the ending. Not at all what I expected!
I decided to read the book before I saw the movie.  Glad I did!  What a twist and surprise ending.  Great book!
I loved this book, I couldn't put it down!!!  A former colleague of mine said it was very good, she was right!!
What a thriller. This book had my stomach in knots and my mind occupied with a mind bending plot line. Twisted!
They are all crazy!  Great read and a real page turner!  You'll realize how normal you and your relationship is
This is a completely crazy book that draws you in and DOESN'T let go!  I would recommend this book to everyone.
Saw the film first and just had to read the book! Twisted, interesting and I'm happy I chose to read Gone Girl!
An amazing read. All the twists and turns you never saw coming kept me reading into the wee hours of the night!
Great novel with many suspenseful twists. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this from the beginning to the very end.
Great book - great movie. Most horrific death scene in a movie I have ever seen. Enjoyed both - would recommend
A wonderful book.  I really enjoy the way the author wrote.  Keep wondering what was going on and what is next.
Fantastic, stunning and absolutely amazing. Gillian Flynn is a writer who you only get every five to ten years.
All the way through the book, I wanted to skip to the end to find out what happens. The end was worth the wait.
Excellent read unpredictable yet predictable  very entertaining would read again hope the movie is half as good
A great read. The ending could have been lighter and more hopeful. I would like to read more of Jillians books.
Awesome.  It twists and turns.  I believe they made it into a movie but I haven't seen it yet.  Enjoy the ride.
Excellent read I couldn't put it down. It is definitely Better than the movie glad I read it first. Great twist
this book let me on the edge of my seat. I never saw the next step coming! looking forward to seeing the movie.
I really enjoyed this book & all it's twists and turns.  I look forward to reading more books by Gillian Flynn.
I really thought this book was an outstanding read. Kept your interest, lots of twists. I couldn't put it down!
WOW!!!!!!! So many twist and turns.  Just when I think I figured out the plot it changes again. Great read!!!!!
Loved the book and movie stayed with book. That doesn't always happen. Suspenseful read. I was done in one day.
Very good book.  Kept me on the edge of my seat!!!  The ending just blew me away!!!  Definitely good reading!!!
A great read--one of the best in years!  Beautifully written--twisty and turn-y.  Great characters  Loved it...
Unbelievable.  Once you pick it up, it's hard to put down.  I really didn't see any of it coming.  Spellbinder.
This is  great book with lots of hidden forecasts. Just saw the movie & it follows the book to a ""tee.
Very fun! Hard to put down mystery! I was afraid it was going to be violent but it was lighter than I expected.
This book is unbelievable and had me guessing the entire time!! Can't wait for the movie to come out tomorrow!!
So many twists and turns that you can't stop reading! You won't see the end coming...and won't believe it! Wow!
There were so many twists and turns that I couldn't put the book down.  I finished it in two days and loved it!
I had to read before the movie came out!  crazy, twisted, like nothing I've ever read before.  enjoy the ride!!
Gone girl is Amazing pun intended! You will not be able to put it down, please please let there be a sequel...!
This book was so good, I couldn't put it down!  Every page had a new twist or mystery on it.  Love, love, love!
This book is interesting in that it reads well from one character to the next. I would definitely recommend it.
Flynn never fails to surprise in her books. Always original and gripping to the end. A good, quick summer read.
Very twisted and a little scary, but could not put down. Highly recommend and will check out more Flynn novels.
Well written with lots of twists and turns...you will love the main character and then hate her in an instant!!
A different genre story than I usually read; but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  This is not a book for every reader.
Absolutely riveting.  Encourages me to read more books by this author.  I can't wait for the movie to come out.
Wow. This kept twisting and turning and kept my interest until the very end. Gillian Flynn wrote a great story.
Great suspense , good writing, just a great read.  I liked the characters in the book. Ending was rather weird.
Intersesting story that is written in a language that reads like an epic poetry. I should have read it earlier.
Just when you think that you know what is happening, the author proves that you are totally wrong.  Great read!
I got this book quickly and have just now finished it...wow, what a ride!  The book arrived in great condition.
Full of surprises and well written, this is a real page turner. Highly recommended to wile away a winter's day,
Good so far, lots of detail and a page turner. Interested in the content, is a good read. Have some ways to go!
Couldn't put it down. Very well written, I'll be reading more of this author`s work. She had me from the start.
This book was great! The story was great and I love the author's writing style. I could not put this book down!
This just kept getting better the further into it I got!!  A real study of human emotions with twists a plenty.
A real page turner! I couldn't stop reading! You have to know what's going to happen or what that bad girl did!
A real page turner, loved the book. Talk about dysfunctional people. I didn't expect it to end the way it did.
Hard to get into at first. A whole different kind of writing style then I am used to, but I would recommend it
All I can say is WOW! Dark and twisted, a page turner! Excellent read! Loved this book! I highly recommend it!
Written well and makes you stop what you doing and immerse into it fully. I enjoyed reading. Good read novel .
Have to say I couldn't get enough of this s book till it came to an end. Not sure how I feel about the ending.
See subject line. Right up there.  Only nine more words and this should be enough to hit send button.  Almost.
Excellent writing, unexpected twists and turns. This is my first book by Ms. Flynn, now I must read the others
Very good read!! Throws you on so many loops and turns that you are constantly on edge. Couldn't put it down!!
I really enjoyed this book.  It kept me guessing until the last page.  I would recommend it to anyone.  Enjoy!
Loved the twists and turns. Nothing turned out like expected. I would read more books like this. 3 more words.
Very well written book that was hard to put down. One of the best I've read.  Clever, smart, without any fluff
I'm usually a pretty decent writer,but I can't really think of much to say except I love love loved this book!
True thriller!  Every chapter you don't know who to root for or what is genuine, I recommend this to everyone.
Any chance I had I was reading this book. I`m looking forward to seeing the movie.This was a great read.
Must read it. It will definitely keep you on your toes and not knowing what to expect is the best part of all!
I'm so excited to have read this.  I couldn't put it down.  The end was a bummer; maybe a second one in store?
Great read. The kind of book you can't put down.  Hopefully. the movie is as good. Would definitely recommend.
I loved it!! A couple times it got off the focus point, but it was still a great book. Glad I purchased it! 👍
I loved the suspense in Gone Girl. It kept me on the edge of my seat, I literally could not put the book down!
Complicated, and Disturbing in all the right ways! A must read for any fan of modern novels with a dark twist.
If you have not read this book it is a must.  Read with a friend for there will be plenty to talk about later.
If you need a good thrill and mental screwing with read this book. Not much else to say, it is simply perfect.
Expertly woven marital thriller. Disturbing and well-written. Full of twists and turns. A fast, feverish read.
Filled with twists and turns, an incite into marriage, the mind, and how we all cope. Highly recommend to all.
Great book, great movie! Oscar material for sure.  I think best book of the year and Ben Aflack was wonderful.
Such a good book. Couldn't put it down!! Though, I probably would have gone a different way with the ending...
I couldn't put this book down... can't wait to read her other two! One of the best books I've read in a while.
Loved it! I could not put it down. All the twists and turns were exciting! Can wait to read more of her books.
Gone Girl is riveting from beginning to end. It is so well written that I held my breath through each chapter.
Loved the twists and turns. I found myself laughing out loud and gasping in shock at the same time. Loved it!!
This was an excellent book, especially for those that like thrillers/mystery.  I could NOT put this book down.
This was a great book the ending was not what I was thinking it would me! can't wait to go and see the movie..
Excellent!  Now I can see the movie.  Kept me wanting and wondering.  It was a definite well thought out plot.
This relationship brought to mind ""War of the Roses."" The story includes romance, suspense,  and more.
Fantastic book. Messes with your mind throughout and by the end you are left wishing there were more chapters!
Great book!! The plot, the anticipation and the ending kept me reading until the end.  I definite 5 star book.
It got off to a slow start in the beginnin but ended up being an awesome read.  I can't wait to see the movie!
A great book with so many twists and turns.  I rarely find myself surprised by books anymore but this one did!
I enjoyed this story. I hate that it had to end. I would love to see how this story ends for these characters.
A well written book.  The plot has lots of twists and turns through out.  Looking forward to seeing the movie.
Incredible. I love Gillian Flynn. Hated the ending, but loved the book regardless. Liked the old cover better.
This book had me hooked staying up late and turning pages! So many twists and turns it's brilliant!! Loved it!
A real page turner, the style was engaging and stimulating. A great twist at the end too. Couldn't put it down
Such a great book but the ending pissed me all the way off! I would highly recommend this book for book clubs.
Really good book would recommend it...it has a lot of twists and keeps you wrapped in the story the whole time
Good book filled with twist and turns. Starts out slow, but keep with it and you'll never want to put it down.
Great book, definitely kept me wanted to read more and more! Such a great read, but the ending isn't the best!
Gillian Flynn does a great job keeping you engaged and twisting the plot to keep you on your toes. Great read!
Great read...gets you hooked early on.  Definitely a hard one to put down.  I am looking forward to the movie.
Did not want to put this book down and have recommended it to friends.  Great for summer reading on the beach.
So thought out, every detail is explained to a tee! I look forward to reading some of Ms. flynn's other works!
What a great book. I tore through it and have recommended it to many. I am looking forward to her other books.
I really enjoyed reading this. It always kept me interested and I love how it went from her perceptive to his.
Makes you think how well you know those closest to you... Do you at all? First encounter with author's amazing
Great book. Kept you guessing the whole time and still a bit of a surprise at the end. I couldn't put it down.
Fairly quick read, whether you like it or not (you can't put it down, so don't even try).Loved it!
I read it in two days during law school exams. That should tell you something. Read it. You will not be sorry.
A very good read. A little hard to get into at first but worth I. Suspenseful and surprising at the same time.
The story was gripping and I couldn't put it down. Lots of twists and turns. I recommend it as summer reading.
Got close to the end and didn't like the characters and had to take a break and pick it back up to finish it.
Style of writing is brilliant. I felt like I was in the room watching the characters in a real life scenario.
I like this author's style of writing.  This is the second book I have read of hers.  I am onto her next one!
It was a good read I liked the style of writing and the way it reeled you in and left you reeling to the end!
Better than the movie. The twists were better developed. This is what a good book can do to ones imagination!
Loved the story with all it's twists and turns. Kept me in suspense most of the time. Hated to reach the end.
Great book for lovers of mysteries. Just when you think you know it all you have to start from scratch again.
Couldn't put the book down!  When I thought I loved a character, I ended up hating that character. Must read!
It was a book that had so many, I can't believe what just happened. I couldn't put it down. It was wonderful.
Great book! A tiny bit slow in the beginning  but then i couldn't put it down. Now i have to see the movie! !
Just when you feel you can really relate with and see yourself in a character they take a turn for the worst.
I read the entire book on a cold snowy day....Too many twists and turns to put it down.....great!
Well worth it, too.  Best I've read in a while. Lots of twists and turns and no one is the good guy.  At all.
For a person that doesn't read oftern, this book was one I couldn't put down.  Such a great read.  Well done!
Could not put this book down. You think you know what's going to happen next, you have no clue! Jaw dropping.
I had trouble setting this book down. The story was very complex, yet believable.  I am going for a followup.
Saw the movie first- it was great. Other women recommended  I read the book. Better than the movie- loved it!
Saw the movie and had to read the book. I love the ending of this book. It's so surprising it makes you smile
I really enjoyed this book. The story is well-written, and the plot is well-developed. I recommend this book.
Page turner, humor, good plot, couldn't put it down. I will have to check out other Gillian Flynn novels now!
A page turner. Couldn't put it down. Never expected the ending.I can't wait to see this movie with my husband
I really liked the book bit thought the ending was a little disappointing  reading the other books by her now
It keeps you reading....you can't put it down. It keeps you guessing, and then does a 360 on you! Mind=blown.
Great book.  Held my interest all the way.  Wanted to read it before I see the movie.  I highly recommend it.
Great novel....I had an idea about the ending but no idea about how warped it would be!  Hoping for a sequel!
A really gripping novel, beautifully written, and with a plot that twists and turns in a very satisfying way.
Read it anticipating seeing the movie, but will wait until it is on cable.  The book was very good though.  J
Love the Authors style of writing.  This was one book I could easily read again.  Great book for a book club.
What a good read. This book is full of turns and twists. I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this one.
Hard to put down,,,yearning for answers.  Surprise ending.  Looking forward to reading more books by G Flynn,
Couldn't put it down.  Twist and turns make it unpredictable.  A must read, can't wait to see the movie. A+++
Amazing, my best 2013 read.  Still looking for a competitive rival.  I can't wait to see the movie on Friday.
Wow, not the type of book I normally read... but yet, I found myself afraid to finish it and afraid not to...
If I could give this book 10 stars I would.  I couldn't put it down and was pleased through the entire story.
It's a great suspenseful novel . Old fashioned if you will. No gore just listening and thinking the whole way
It has been awhile since I have read a good book.  I was completely involved with this page turner of a book.
Holy mackerel. Every time I though I had it figured out the plot turned. I couldn't put it down. Great story.
This book is impossible to put down. It's an incredible tale of a very unorthodox marriage, to say the least.
So enthralling! I couldn't put it down! I always had to know what was coming next! Can't wait for the sequel!
Just brilliant! A fantastic, can't put down read - keen to read her other books now. Thank you Gillian Flynn!
A book you can't put down! Who done it? The ending is such a cliff hanger. I will try another by this author.
I did not think this would be good but WOW! Plot is more than I thought it would be halfway through the book.
This was a book I did not want to put down! I was really sorry to see it end and can't wait to see the movie!
Quite a page-turner. I didn't want to put it down. Gillian Flynn is a skillful writer and simply fun to read.
I was constantly surprised!  This is a great read and I definitely recommend it.  Great for a book group too.
I loved this book.  Kept me intrigued the entire time and made my plane rides go much faster.  Good suspense.
I absolutely loved this book. It's definitely a worthwhile read with all of the twists and turns of the plot.
Great story with twists and turns throughout. Picked it up and could not put it down. Would recommend to all.
Awesome book! Couldn't put it down.  Keeps you on your toes and leadnme to read the rest of Gillian's books:)
Great book. Surprising plot twist and a real page turner! I couldn't put the book down once I started reading
Lots of twists and the book kept me guessing all the way until the end! Can't wait for the movie to come out!
I couldn't put it down - and can't wait for the movie!  The ending was such a shocker, I never saw it coming.
Just when I thought I had the book figured out, a different voice started telling the story.  Very well done.
I found this book gripping and intriguing.  I found the ending didn't tie things up as nicely as I had hoped.
It was full of twists and turns that kept me riveted to the book.  Really clever plot and reading technique.
Gone Girl was a great mystery from start to finish. Have not seen the movie but the book was very memorable.
A little slow at first, but then I got hooked and COULD NOT put it down!!! Did not love the ending though :/
Loved the character changes and going through the story from both points of view. Good and fast read for me.
You read this and you think you know what is going to happen next. But you don't. brilliantly twisted story.
Couldn't put this book down.  Watched the movie after, which was decent, but not nearly as good as the book.
Wow, what a great read...and so many twists.  At first I thought it was one thing....then Bam!  its another.
Keeps you totally involved all the time. Had trouble putting the book down. A wonderful way to tell a story.
I saw the movie and read the book... The book has a little more detail than the movie. Loved both of them...
You gotta read this.  I could not put it down.  Mind games, try and figure out who the ""bad guy"" is!
The story definitely grabbed me, but the ending was less than satisfying.  It definitely calls for a sequel.
Really makes get you root for one  and then with each fact introduction you wonder did he? It is a good read
What an awesome story line. The book kept my interest. I could not stop reading it. I loved every part of it
Great read! Kept me up way to late every night till I finished... Twist and turns at every turn of the page!
This book was great! I was not expecting such an ending. The characters were great and book was well written
I absolutely loved this book! Is one of those that makes you love and hate the characters. SUPER RECOMMENDED
This story scared the marriage out of me!! Can someone be so strategic ???  I hope not, for everyone's sake.
Awesome book!! Delivered on time and in great condition. 'Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned!' times 55.
Loved it. I had to finish it before someone spoiled the ending. Can't wait until the movie comes out on DVD.
I enjoyed this book very much; there were twists and turns to the plot as well as it just being a great read
Held my interest, which is usually not the case. Would recommend it for anyone with a yen for creepy wonder.
Loved thisRead it before seeing filmVery suspense filled and elegant use of the English language
Riveting with lots of surprises.  I hated to put it down!  You must read this book before you see the movie!
By far the best book I've read in a long time! The twists in the plot kept me turning the pages. I loved it!
This book starts off slow, but then you reach a point you cannot put it down...and just wait for the ending!
That was an amazing book!  Not sure how the next book I read can top that! Gillian Flynn is a genius writer.
warning... This book may keep you up all night reading! It's one of those books you tell your friends about!
Good read. Good book, written well by the author Flynn. I would recommend this book to all who like to read.
Very good read couldn't put it down can't believe it's over and that it ended the way it did sorry it's over
I was in total dark about this story line and when I began to read didn't expect the twist plot.  BRILLIANT!
Could NOT put this book down. Enjoyed the mind twist in the book. Looking forward to the movie this weekend!
Slow start but well worth staying with the story. There are so many twists you aren't sure who to side with.
Great book.  So many twists and turns.  So messed up.  I loved it. Glad I read it before the movie comes out
As I read it I realized why it is a bestseller.  An unusual story line with a twist that keeps you absorbed.
I highly recommend this book!  An excellent read. If you want a book that holds you captive, this is a must.
This book kept me guessing the next move and I was surprised by each move. The ending still has me guessing.
I really enjoyed this book from start to finish. Once I started I could not stop reading it until I finished
This was an excellent book! I really enjoyed the different points of view.It is a great book for discussion.
Awesome book! I can't wait for the movie! Easy reading and the large print was appreciated (so my mom said).
I did not predict the outcome until the last page.  Held my interest all the way.  Different kind of mystery
Very good read; they need to make a movie of this story; kind of a weird ending though. Kind of left hanging
I highly recommend this book. It keeps you on your toes! I think I finished the whole thing in about 2 days!
I loved the style and surprise ending. Could not put it down and will definately read more by Gillian Flynn.
This book is awesome--a real nail biter. Don't want to spoil it-- just read it and be surprised from page 1.
The most cheek slapping mouth agape book I've read in years. A true twist and turn and pothole dotted story.
I read a lot of fiction and little of it surprises me. This book did and kept me thinking.Enough said.
This is a very good read!  This book keeps your mind going, focused, but not knowing how it is going to end.
Excellent read! I enjoyed the unexpected twist and turns in the story. Can't wait for the movie to come out.
Loved this book! I could hardly put it down. definitely would  recommend to anyone in search of a good read.
This is a must read. I shamefully ignored my family and finished the book in 2 days. 5 stars, in my opinion.
Not crazy about the ending - but the rest of the book was certainly a GREAT read! Can't wait for the movie!!
I read this book in record time. I couldn't put it down. It's captivating and keeps you guessing to the end.
This was a real surprise for me, and not the kind of novel I usually read.  I couldn't put it down - intelligent and sharp with a psychological edge, the plot twisting and turning among the red herrings.  It is a story without a hero, full of flawed, but interesting, characters.  I was hooked in the first couple of chapters, the author's pessimistic (realistic?) view of modern marriage and relationships, and Amy's descriptions of 'perfection in the female relationship role', in her invented diary, was classic for me!!  I will definitely be looking out for more Gillian Flynn.
I am a fan of true crime TV and murder mysteries and this book did not disappoint!I found this book very interesting, with some twists and turns that I expected and could see coming, but as it got closer to the end, I did not expect the twist and turns that came.Book left me a little creeped out (especially since I am about to get married!)but it will stay with me and make me think, which is a quality I enjoy in a book.This book was on par with her other books, Dark Places and Sharp Objects....I thoroughly enjoy this author and hopes she keeps writing more books!
I usually don't want my story to end, but I couldn't wait to get to the last page.  It was that intriguing.
Great book. There were a lot of twists and turns. It kept my interest from the first page through the last.
I just don't know how this author thinks of these things!! So glad I read before watching movie, as always!
I finally read this book. I was expecting a little more in the investigation. Going to watch the movie now.
Phenomenal writing - in depth character construction and interesting topic. As good as everyone says it is.
Very moving story and the twist s are on going throughout book and very mind blowing story about two people
Loved the BOOK!!  The end left me totally stunned.Too Bad the movie was a dud and I feel asleep
I always felt like I truly did not know what was coming next  I enjoyed the the suspense a real page turner
i cant believe it ends like that!!  it definitely needs a sequel for sure!  nick has to get revenge on amy!
The book kept me reading into the night. It was as Like a delicate chess game between two skilled  masters.
This is the first time im reading this author and so far so good :) Im also reading her book Sharp Objects.
Once I started reading the book it was hard to put it down.  It was exciting from the beginning to the end.
Just like a woman, just like a man. Just like life, we understand few, know even fewer. A tutorial on life.
Liked the architecture of this novel. Will definitely read her next few novels. Woo woo woo woo woo woo woo
Exciting and unpredictable. No sugary sweet characters, twists and turns and cleverly written. Recommended.
I'm still in shock! I couldn't put it down, so well crafted!such a great book! I highly recommend it.
What a great and tragic story....loved it!  Also read Dark Places and thought that book was fantastic, too!
loved this book!!!! she's one smart, crazy, evil women.  i couldn't put it down can't wait to see the movie
I haven't read a book in awhile that I couldn't wait to see what happened next and this book did just that.
Very inciteful. Keeps your attention. Frustrating end to what seemed to be a very long road traveled. A + +
Loved it! You won't want to put it down. It's a real page turner. Pure genius and greatly written.  Thanks!
Great book.  The author is a wonderful writer.  This story makes you think Whoa when it's done.  Brilliant.
One of the best books I have read recently.  Have not seen the movie but, it can't be better than the book.
Great book. I read it for bookclub and the story jas so many twists and turns. Can't wait to see the movie.
Good read. Really enjoyed the suspense and twists in this one. Going to see the movie now. Hope u enjoy too
Fast paced page turner of murder, mahem and madness.  Gone Girl was one of the best books I read this year.
What a wild ride!  A story of our disconnect from all that used to pass for truth.  Read it and be dazzled!
Gone Girl is a dark and twisted book full of deceit and hate along with questions of what will happen next.
Best book I have read in the last year. Two complex main characters.  Twists and turns all through the book
Had me interested until the very last sentence. No winners here. More akin to the bleak compromise of so mn
This book has so many twist and turns! I loved how you never really knew what was coming next! Great read!!
An amazing read - exciting, with twists and turns that I wasn't expecting. A great, can't-put-it-down book.
Loved it great read kept me guessing till the end the ending was disappointing for me wanted him to be free
I read this book in one weekend! it was a very intriguing and quick read. can't wait to see the movie soon.
Crazy twists. What a great read. Did not expect the ending AT ALL!!! Can't wait to read more of her stories
Loved the book. It keeps you in your ties. However I did not like yge ending. Cannot wait yp see the movie.
I'll admit I thought I figured out the book three different times but I was wrong. Enjoyed it. Fast read :)
I loved the twists and turns this novel had to offer.  Can't wait to read the other books by Gillian Flynn!
A great book and great writing . Full of suspense and never ending twists. Definitely a must read! Love it.
I absolutely loved this book! I can't wait to read more by Flynn she is truly spectacular!!! READ THIS BOOK
the best book I've read in a long time.  I am easily distracted but this book kept my attention.  Must read
Couldn't put the book down. It took very drastic turns and kept me interested all the way through. Loved it
I would like to read this author's other books. Great story line. I wasn't able to guess the ending either!
Wow! This book has so many twists and turns you won't want to put it down.  Amazing and devious. Fantastic.
Always kept me guessing!! Would recommend to anyone. Great read a real page turner for sure. On to the next
Good book, I couldn't put it down.  It was fast reading, which I like and it had a lot of twists and turns!
purchased as a gift, the recipient was very pleased and said it was a very good read and would recommend it
So intense I could hardly put it down .. and when things started to 'go down' it made me hold my breath!!!!
So many turns and twists that I could barely believe it. Really good read. I highly recommend it to anyone.
Great story.  Couldn't put the book down, especially the last half of the book. A sequel may be a good idea
I bought this on my Kindle late last night and finished it just now, this afternoon.  It is not a short story--I just was hooked.  Couldn't put it down.I've read in the reviews complaints about the ending, but I thought it was quite fitting.  I won't say more though... too many reviewers spoil the fun of discovering the book the way it was meant to--by reading it.I've read close to 200 Kindle books in the past few months, very few were notable enough to even bother reviewing.  So I usually don't.  But this is one book I'll definitely recommend.
Too many twists and turns to mention!  You will not want to put it down!  Can't wait to see the movie now!
This book is crazy. I never knew what was coming next. The character Amy is so out there! Weird, but good.
I am not a big reader but loved this book! So many twists to keep you on the edge of your seat :) A+++++++
Many twists and turns and an amazing ending. Reminds you a little of the Lacy Peterson story. A fast read.
What an amazing story.  Gillian Flynn has a devious mind and tells a diabolical tale.  Highly recommended.
Book was amazing far better than the film. If you enjoy suspense you will not put this book down. Promise.
Did not like the ending. Outcome was not what I wanted but in talking to others they had the same feeling.
The book is WAY better than the movie folks! Gillian Flynn is a master author; couldn't put the book down!
I usually don't run to the best sellers, so I finally got around to this one.  Great read.  Smart thriller
Just when I thought I knew where the story was going, a twist was thrown in.  A page turner until the end.
It was hard to put this book down. Kept my attention and always had me guessing. Great twist to the story.
An fast and easy read with lots of twists and turns! You will not regret having bought and read this book!
I'm glad I read the book before watching the movie. I couldn't put this book down. Fast read and gripping.
Despite what people said about the ending, this was a book I could not put down! And I liked the ending :)
So intense and thrilling! I would recommend this book to anyone who loves to be on the edge of their seat.
Although the book was a good read, I didn't like the ending. Nick is a coward and Amy is a psycho bitch.😱
I read this over a weekend, could not put it down. Twists and turns through out, a very entertaining read!
More twists and turns than a roller coaster.  I can't believe this is Gillian's first book.  Keep writing!
Good story. Lots of twists.  While well written, the story is also a little trashy.  Enjoyed it immensely.
This was a great book... I could not stop reading it! The ending was not what I expected but it made sense
I loved this book.  Lots of twists and turns.  A great read. I am now looking forward to seeing the movie.
Fantastic book!! I read this book so fast because I couldn't stand waiting to find out what'd happen next!
This novel is suspenseful to the very end.  It will be wonderful if the movie can begin to equal the book.
Very intersting, kept you guessing, just confused with the ending.  Perhaps there will be a sequel, hmmmm.
What an absolutely thrilling page turning book. Couldn't stop reading. Looking forward to seeing the film.
So good! I couldn't put it down! Excited to see the movie, though it's never as good! Sad that I'm done...
Best book I've read in a long time, great twists and turns and very well crafted. I want to read it again.
Couldn't put it down! Best book I have read in years! Can't wait to see how the movie compares to the book
Amazingly intense novel. It's twists and turns keep you addicted throughout the book to the last sentence.
I couldn't put this book down. The plot was intriguing from beginning to end. I may have to read it again.
Kept my attention and made it hard to put down. Well worth reading. Will try other books from this author.
You can't post much about this book without giving things away - but this author is a crazy MoFo. Read it.
Even though this novel had a troubling conclusion, it kept me continuously reading until I completed it...
By far the best book I have read in a while. Love how it keeps you hooked - you never want to put it down!
Read it in a day!! Couldn't put it down!! Can't wait to see the movie!! So many twists that are unexpected
this is one of the best books I've ever read. excellent. it was a real page turner, I couldn't put it down
Very good and hooks right from the start. A great concept in a semi mystery novel.  I enjoyed it immensely
What a great book! What a great twist! Be ready the ending will leave you either disappointed or thrilled.
Quite the page-turner! Well-written with surprises and intrigue. Ending was flat for me, but fit the plot.
This book was engaging & thrilling a real page turner...you love to hate Nick. I can't wait for the movie!
I was reading it on my phone, Kindle, and tablet. Still thinking about the book a week after finishing it!
This is an amazing love and mystery story wrapped up in one. Buy this book. Right now. You won't be sorry.
When I started it I didn't think I would like it.  With the twists and turns I couldn't put the book down.
I truly enjoyed reading this book. I would have liked to read it straight through but life got in the way.
I didn't like the beginning, but once I got into it, I couldn't put it down.  I hope the movie follows it.
Fantastic. Had me %100 engaged the entire book! Had me guessing the whole time.  Everyone I know loved it!
Still reading it -- took a while for me to actually get interested in it -- but now I'm really enjoying it
So good. The best psychological horror story that I have ever read because I can imagine it could be real.
Very well written. I went from loving and feeling sorry for Amy to wanting Nick to kill the psycho bitch!!
Twist was unique, I enjoyed this book a lot. Dry reading spell was over with this story. Enjoyed very much
What a brilliant book!! Gillian Flynn writes in a way that makes it all seem so real and very frightening.
What a roller coaster of a story! I would start to feel bad for Nick, then Amy, then Nick... And on and on
This book was a fast and enjoyable read.  It kept you guessing until the very end!  I highly recommend it.
Kept me on the edge and riveted until the end.  Would definitely read more from this author in the future.
This book has so many twists and turns I literally could not put it down. It was nice to be kept guessing!
Loved it! Such a page turner Suspenseful and I never expected the ending to end the way it did.  Nailbiter
Thanks to Melinda for recommending this book it was truly AMAZING LOL. a must read for all :) Buy it today
I loved this book! It's a little slow at the beginning but was really good once it picked up! I reccomend!
Very good book also a very surprising twist. I can't wait to read her other books. I couldn't put it down.
Gone Girl is a must read.  One of those books you just can't put down. Lots of twists and turns.  Amazing!
Never knew what was coming, right up to the end.  I am not sure if the characters were sympathetic or not.
Great story line. I enjoyed the plot.  I loved to read it on my Kindle.Buying another book from her.
If you liked War of the Roses, which was nothing like the silly movie made from it, you will be drawn into this book and captivated by its characters, who grow darker and darker as the story unfolds.  I don't want to disclose any plot lines because the author leads us down what appears to be a straight path until we realize that we have been lost in a maze and now, what is real?  What isn't?  Not only is this the best book that I have read in a long time because of a well-executed plot, but the prose is intelligent, revealing strong engaging characters.  Enjoy!
What a great book. It has an interesting twist to it and the ending is totally different than I expected.
Flynn keeps you guessing throughout the book. Great story telling and descriptive writing.Excellent read.
Took me awhile to get into this one but loved it. The twists and surprises are great. I highly recommend.
Excellent reading!  One surprise after the other!  Loved it and will read more of Gillian Flynn's novels.
Fantastic read. Quick and very satisfying. I hated, yet also loved every character. Couldn't put it down.
Amazing and very well written had me on edge from the startLeft me in awe. Loved the book very much
Great book.  Awesome read. Would recommend to anyone. Just as good as as a John grisham type of book. Yes
Can see why they made a movie of this, it keeps you wondering all the way till the end which was perfect.
A real page-turner.  Perfect for a long plane ride, as I did not want to put this down once I started it.
Hard to put this one down.Im sure there are people like these, i feel sorry for the little boy.....
I loved the book can't wait to see the movie.  They both were crazy. Great writing really like your style
I don't know if wanted him to kill her or for him to get proof that she was crazy and get her locked away
This is such a wonderful book, keeps you guessing the whole time.  Read the book before seeing the movie!
I love books where you have no idea what will happen next, this is one of those books, a real page turner
This book is full of twists. Definitely one of the most deranged stories ever written, but in a good way!
one of the best books I have ever read. You never know what is coming on the next page.Very well written.
love this book ... wanted to see the movie and couldn't..... so downloaded to Kindle and enjoyed the read
I could not put this book down. I read late into the night and got up early to finish this exciting book.
Just great. Never had a clue as to where the story would end up. Kept you guessing then what a surprise !
I couldn't stop reading it!! Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time!! Great novel!! Bravo, bravo!!
Excellent Read - have to say the movie went right along with it but always have to read the book first!!!
I stayed up many, many nights reading as much of this book as I could before falling asleep! Great twist!
Very well written mystery with a surprise ending.certaintly holds your interest. Very entertaining.
Fantastic read! Couldn't put it down. Excited to see how they will adapt the movie to some of the themes.
It was a story that I didn't want to put down. definitely had an unexpected ending! Good read for anyone.
I never expected this story. It makes you reflect differently on the news. I will read all her books now.
This book is amazing! Loved it and will probably read it again! It has a strange twist but awesome story!
So many twists and turns what a wild ride.  Really didn't expect that ending.  Want to read more and more
It seems a long time since I have read such creative and compelling drama with so many twists in the plot
Starts out a bit slow but there are many plot twists to hold your interest. Didn't want the story to end!
Awesome book with more twists and turns than a rollercoaster. Masterfully written! I read it in two days.
Loved the story. Very exciting. Didn't like the abrupt ending. I hope the series continues in a new book.
Hard to put down, twists and turns that will keep you guessing until the very end. Really liked this book
Suspenseful, unexpected twists and well written characters and their personality and behavior influences.
Book was amazing.  Couldn't put it down, much better than movie, which was riveting. Saw movie yesterday.
GREAT READ BUT VERY DISTURBING!  HARD TO BELIEVE CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS!THE MOVIE HAD GREAT ACTING!!
It is still resonating in my head. I can't dissect it yet. Too fresh. Check back later. Thank you Jillian
This book starts out a bit slow but once you get to Part 2 it's very difficult to put down.  A must read.
Really liked this book! Lots of twists and turns. Can't wait to see the movie!!! Heard it's just as good.
An amazing book, tightly wound thriller that kept me riveted from the first page to the last. I loved it.
I enjoyed this novel immensely. The story was well written and kept me intrigued, I couldn't put it down!
It kept my interest the entire time. I couldn't put it down! I was slightly disappointed with the ending.
I can't wait to see if the movie will be as good as the book was! I loved all the twists and turns in it!
This story was caught my imagination so much that I couldn't put my Kindle down.  What a terrific writer!
I couldn't put it down!! Start reading it if you have time, because you won't be able to stop! Loved it!!
Page turner! This is one of those books that keeps you up late at night reading much longer than planned.
Very VERY good book. I was always surprised. I will read more books by this author for sure. Good read!!!
Best book I've read in a while.  What twists and turns the author takes us on.  Well written page turner.
This was a great book! Good twists I was not expecting.  Kept me engaged from the first page to the last!
I was skeptical at first, but as I read I became more intrigued  and wanted to keep reading! It was good!
Love it!  Could not put it down!  I will recommend this book to my friends.  Can't wait to see the movie!
Great read! Kept me interested the whole time! The twists and turns are what made this book a great read!
One of the best books I've read in a long time.  Can't wait for the movies to come out.  Highly recommend
So many twists to the plot!!!  It kept me engrossed enough to read all night and forgo sleep. Great read!
I loved the book but I was very surprised at the ending. The author has an excellent, easy to read style.
This book had my attention from the very first page with all of it's twists and turns.  Great story line!
A real page turner.  Many twists and turns.  One gets caught up in the drama of the plot!  Terrific book!
Kept me in suspense!! Loved it!! If you love a story with lots of twists and turns, this one is for you!!
Good book, thanks! I have to write at least 12 words, so here they are. Not quite, but this should do it.
I haven't read a book this good in a while! Absolutely loved it! Kept me guessing until the end! Read it!
I literally could not put my kindle down...once I finally thought I had it figured out, bam! a new twist!
The book was very slow at first but got really good 1/4 of the way through. I can't wait to see the movie
Enjoyed it very much! Looking forward to the movie with ben affleck! coming out in Oct 2014 :) Thank you!
just read this book not too long ago - loved it - great author and great writing,  would recommend highly
Best book I've read in a long time. I couldn't put it down! I can't wait to read the rest of her novels.
Helped explain the movie! A lot of details. Did not know who to side with for quite a while. Mysterious!
As the story unwinds and reveals more and more of Nick and Amy it rolls on to become even more thrilling
SO GOOD. So many plot twists, great character development, would recommend to any and all of my friends.
Great twist to storyline in book! Twist was not expected at all - really enjoyed reading this book 😀 😀
Amazing book that turned into a great movie adaptation. Chilling and nobody I know predicted the ending!
Even more disturbing than the movie. It's incredibly well written from multiple perspectives. Wonderful!
Im not a big reader or anything but this book was awesome I just wish the ending could've been different
Even though I saw the movie, I found Gone Girl an impelling must read.  It was all I expected plus more.
This book is really a page Turner. Make sure you have time to get lost in it. Would recommend it highly.
It kept me on the edge of my seat to the end! Half the way I wasn't sure who I liked better Nick or Amy!
I could not put this down. This book was truly amazing. I can't wait to read other works by this author.
Very good story line. Lots of twists and turns. Never a dull moment. I wasn't able to put this one down!
The book kept  e on the edge. It's worth the time to read it. All married couples should read this book!
Great read.  I didn't know what I was getting myself in to.  I never knew what was going to happen next.
This book was super suspenseful and it kept you guessing! I really liked it and would def. recommend it.
Had to get up early one morning to find out what happened before I went to work. Never done that before.
I enjoyed this book tremendously. I didn't want to put it down. I will be reading more from this author.
The book had twists and turns I did not expect. I will definitely loom into her other books. Great read.
I REALLY ENJOYED THIS BOOK,NOW I don't have to watch the movie.They always leave so much out of a movie.
But the end was like flying off a small cliff. I will just have to imagine the possibilities. Well done.
A great read- starts off very good and continues on until the end. Loved it- now time to watch the movie
The way the story is built is just perfect, you'll not be able to put the book down until the last page!
Twists and turns that kept me immersed. One of the most intriguing psycho mystery thrillers I have read.
I can usually predict what's going to happen next in most books, this one kept me guessing.  I loved it!
Totally spellbinding with a totally unexpected twist at the end. Highly recommend. Now to see the movie.
Great book! I couldn't put it down. I wanted to reat it before I saw the movie which was also very good.
Very well written, full of well-timed surprises. Perhaps, the ending is frustrating, but it makes sense!
This book held my interest from the first page. It is a great whodunit. I was kept guessing all the way.
Section 1 is a bit mundane but ends with a twist. It all just thickens from there. Enjoyable quick read.
He's no idiot. He'll get his dad's illness and that will be end of Amazing. But what/who killed his dad?
So good! Twists and turns..... Couldn't put it down! Hoping the movie is nearly as good as the book was!
A real page turner. I thought of a combination MISERY and FATAL ATTRACTION. Can't wait to see the movie.
for sure a 5 star5, couldn't put it down read...can't wait for the movie, hoping it lives up to the book
So many twists. So truly amazing. I devoured in 4 days. Just a great book for anyone who likes suspense.
This book keeps you on your toes. I could not put it down after the 4th chapter. I definitely recommend.
Great book! Very original and edgy. I felt like I was in the moment all the time. Very interesting plot.
Gillian Flynn's novels improve with each one. Gone Girl is her best yet. She has hit on a winning style.
Couldn't put it down!! Not sure how I feel about the ending... I hope the movie does it justice. 5 stars
This book was really good! The build up was well thought out and the twist at the end was so unexpected.
Enjoyed this book, very much.  First time I have read a book by Gillian Flynn, but it won't be the last.
Takes a little bit to get into reading it...but great read! Amy is one psycho trip! Worth a read, enjoy!
I couldn't put this book down.  I love how it is told from both perspectives.  Lots of twists and turns.
I Could not put this book down. It is brilliantly written. The plot is so well thought out it's amazing.
this is a crazy ride through the relationship of even crazier people. you need a seat belt for this one.
Great book that keeps you guessing until the very end, you will want to read more by this author as well
Crazy characters but they make you want to know what is next. Fun easy read. You never know what is next
Amazing! That's all that needs to be said. Read it to see why. You won't regret it. Really, Truly. True.
I enjoyed this book. You couldn't predict where the story was going & many parts of it were surprising.
The quintessential dig your toes in the sand, curl up under a beach umbrella and immerse-yourself read.
Amazing.....I don't have many words other than that. I read this book in one night and it blew me away.
This story kept me on the edge the whole story.  It was a crazy exciting plot. U wish Nick had got away
This book surprised me. I didn't expect to get sucked into it like I did. I couldn't put the book down.
Great read!  Anxious to read a sequel.  Still need to see the movie.well written.  Kept me in suspense!
This book kept me guessing what came next and hoping for what would come next. I didn't want it to end!
Rounding out my movie collection with another new release that was well made and definitely well acted.
Gone Girl kept me on the edge. The last page snuck up on me and left me sad that I had come to the end.
Amazing really is all I can say. Best book I've read in a long time. I suggest you give it a read asap!
excellent book, one of the first booke in a while that actually became an obsessive page turner for me.
This book was full of surprises and twists! I couldn't put it down! Women are crazy and this proves it.
Great book, thrilling and kept me wanting more!! Can't wait to see the movie now ad see how it compares
My husband read this book and liked itI let him do the reading and fill me in with the details ;)
As a reader you'll go through an emotional roller coaster. I did not see the story ended the way it did
The best book I have read in a long time! I can't wait to see the movie! SIMPLY BRILLIANT! A must read!
I loved most of this book, but I'm not sure I can accept the ending.  I do recommend reading this book.
I could barely put the book down but the ending was not what I expected. I can't wait to see the movie.
Best I have read in some time.  Two sides of one story. A good many twists.  Would highly recommend it.
A fun summer read. Ended much to soon. I will be looking forward to a sequel for the rest of the story.
Best book of this type I have read in a long time..keeps you wondering..and I still want to kill Amy!!!
Great book!!  Took a few chapters to really get into it, but once I was hooked, I couldn't put it down!
This has everything and them some. Best book I have read in a really long time. Sad when I finished it.
I sat for two days and did nothing but read. I couldn't put it down. Now back to reality and some food.
Simple yet complicated story. Very typical of most marriages I must say .  ... .... ... And and and and
The Book was brilliant - every page just drew the reader more into the story - there has to be a sequel
Great Book. Had a hard time getting into the first few chapters but after that i could not put it down!
You never know what will happen next. Crazy!  Not what I expected at all. Hard to put down. A must read
Excellent kept me guessing up to the very end. Now I want to see the movie to see if it does it justice
So many twists and turns, it keeps you guessing.  A book that is very hard to put down and fun to read.
An incredible book. exciting, well written, no filler-reverses. one of the best books i have ever read.
He became no one. He let her win because she outwitted him. Hard to feel sorry for him but you want to.
Great book, even for someone like me who can almost always guess the ""who done it"" in any book.
Very creative! Not a book that you can predict all the twists and turns. Had me on the edge of my seat.
Really liked this book lots of good twists and turns.  Good good read wish there was more to this story
This book is simply brilliant. I'd end it there but the review required 15 more words, so there you go.
Loved the book not too crazy about how it ended though.  Lots of twist and turns that kept me guessing.
Kept me on my toes and will definitely look for more books By this author.  Great read and recommend it
The craziest marriage imaginable. One of the best books I have ever read. I would admit Amy is my hero!
Thanks for being timely with my order. It was a gift and they are very excited to read it. Thanks again
My all-time favorite book! I couldn't stop reading it and I've suggested to everyone I know to read it!
It's suspenseful and will keep you on your toes. Great book. I couldn't put it down I had to finish it.
This book is amazing. Just as I thought I had everything figured out, there is a new twist. Love it!!!!
loved this book, started a little slow for me and then I realized I couldn't put it down - what a ride!
Nail biting different twist to the ending. It was a good read I look forward to my gf books. Very good.
This is a roller coaster type of book. I loved every moment if reading it. A twisted almost love story.
It takes a lot to surprise me anymore, and this book did it! I could not put it down. Highly recommend.
Gone Girl was filled with unexpected plot twists. I could not put it down .  Be ready for a great read.
It was def good I wasn't expecting it to unfold the way it did. A great summer read!! Def a page turner
It was a very Good read.  This book kept me involved from beginning til the end.  Many twists and turns
I went back and forth, he did it, he didn't do it. . .nasty, smart people always fascinate me. ..great!
good read, couldn't put it down. this is my first book by this author and I have picked another by her.
This was a great book and SO hard to put down. There was always another twist before you saw it coming.
Loved this book, and the twists it took. Hard to put down kind of read. Truly one of my favorite reads.
A little slow getting started but great twist in the story to get you into it again. Its a great read!!
Read this book for book club.  Great reader!  Excited that there is a movie on the talks of coming out!
One of the best reads in years. I highly recommend this to anyone no matter what type of book you like.
This book was never boring. I could not out it down! I am excited to read more books from this author.
I loved this book, great story, and my book arrived on time and there was no problems with it. Thanks!
I really enjoyed the suspense all through the book, wondering if she would ever come back.  Well done.
I could not put this book down.  I loved it.  Kept me in suspense the whole time.  A real page turner.
Amazing book, hard to put it down. Fast read, author is an amazing writer. I read Dark Places as well.
Even with a loaded firearm and behind locked doors. I would NEVER sleep in the same house as Amy Dunne
At first I couldn't really get into this book, now I wish it never ended! This one will surprise you..
Great book!  I see a sequel in the future.  Hope to see it happen.  Gone girl a novel by Gillian Flynn
All I can say is wow! This book had so many twist and turns. It really keeps you guessing! I loved it!
Great book! Can't wait to see the movie and be disappointed that it doesn't come close to the book. :)
Amazing book, excellent character development. Will keep you at the edge of your seat the entire time!
The best book I have read in along time. I give it a very high rating. Hope the movie is just as good.
Great read.  But having seen the movie first, I knew the twists that were coming.  Great story though!
This is definitely the best book I've read in a while. Bravo Gillian Flynn, I can't wait to read more!
Great book well written. I personally didn't love ending but didn't hate it. With the time, good read.
So well written, I was torn between emotions the entire time. I couldn't put it down! Such a good book
Very good.  The ending caught me off guard.  First book I've read by Gillian Flynn.  I will read more.
Edge of your seat kind of book, and so well written!  I'll put this author on my ""to do"" list.
This writer knows how to suck you in !! Slow start but great finish!! I recommend it to all my friends
Loved this book....has you think of all the different people and who did it! Now time to see the movie
Very good hope the movie is just as good can't wait to see it. Will tell my friends to read this book.
I've never read anything like it.  Classic. The question I ask myself is - am I more like Amy or Nick?
Enjoyed every minute of this book. Never knew which way it would take me. Can't wait to see the movie.
This book reels you in little by little until you are just as involved as the characters in the story.
It's like reading the first ever Dateline novel - definite page turner! Can I get a Gone Girl II?!?!?!
Shipping was fast! Loveee the book! Easy book to read... I wasnt expecting the ending to end like that
Excellent read!  A little slow in the beginning, but once it picked up I did not want to stop reading!
Great thriller. Keeps you on the edge of your seat until the very end. I am anxious. To see the movie.
Can't wait for the movie...took a few chapters to get into it but then couldn't put it down! Must read
Excellent, horrifying, crazy twists...  perfect recreational reading!  Literally couldn't put it down.
An amazing but disturbing novel....not a good commentary on marriage!  A great novel for discussion...
wonderful ride. you must read this book. The Movie is coming out soon.Hope it is as good as the book !
Fantastic read.  If you enjoyed The Husbands Secret, another author, you will enjoy thus book as well.
What an amazing book!  I couldn't put it down, and when I loaned it to my sister, she couldn't either!
It was great and very shocking! I plan to read other books by the author. Can't wait to see the movie!
Amazing book.  A page-turner full of twists and turns.  Read it before the movie comes out in October!
It was a great book, easy to read. I burned through it in one day. I can't wait to read more from her!
I am usually spot on with who dun its but I was surprised with a few of the turns .uniquely refreshing
A very Interesting twist to a story.  Loved the book and have shared it with others as worth the read!
I loved all the twists and turns of this book. Great read! I would reccomend it to friends and family.
Best novel I have read in a very long time.  A lot of surprises and I stopped work to finish the book.
I couldn't put this book down! It had me reading for hours just so I could find out what happens next.
I miss this book now that I'm done reading it! That's all I have to say but Amazon requires more words
I was never sure what the next chapter would hold. more sure of Amy,less of Nick. a great summer read.
I really liked this book. Wished it kept going. I would recommend this as a very good read. Good story
This book was quite the thriller adventure.  It had so many twists and turns I never wanted it to end!
Great page turner. Great writing I loved the book with all the twists and turns.  Was sad to finish it
One of the best books my fiancé has ever read.  Recommends to anyone for a good read up until the end.
great book, full of twists and turns. the best revenge story i have heard in a long time. evil genious
I have loved the past works of Gillian Flynn so looked forward to the release of Gone Girl. In fact, I've anticipated reading this book for weeks and have to say, I was NOT disappointed. Perhaps her best novel to date...this is a great blend of suspense, psychological thriller and plain old-fashioned mystery all rolled into one. The characters are believable and not always likeable, this is one of those reads you cannot wait to pick up each time you have a spare moment. Kudos to Ms. Flynn. She continues to be an author worthy of the title.
Great story. way better than the movie. I picked this book as an assignment for class and I loved it.
I loved it till the very end, which felt way too abrupt. Draw it out more next time, please, Gillian.
Great book. Can't imagine how her mind went to the dark places. WOW!!!!! For those that want revenge.
Book is really hard to put down, but I was a little disappointed with the ending - need to know more!
All the orders I have gotten on line are on time, well wrapped and exactly what I ordered.  Thank you
a little slow to start but stick with it a real page turner lots of twists and turns exciting reading
Excellent thriller that kept me on the edge of my seat. I would recommend this mind-blower to anyone!
Need to be a sequel if there isn't one Already in the works. Will read more by this author definitely
Wonderful twists and unexpected happenings.  The author told this story in a way that you felt there.
Now I can see the movie.  And the sequel too.  Nothing more to say but I enjoyed the surprises. Nice.
Good read.  The beginning is slow, the middle is a page turner, the ending is somewhat of a surprise.
Wow, what a great book!!!! I couldn't put it down. It's clever, well written, and keeps you guessing.
I literally could not put the book down. Great plot and so many twists and turns that keep you glued.
I love all of Gillian Flynn's books, but this one is my favorite. It's almost impossible to put down.
I don't doubt there are crazy people like this in the world. What a crazy trap Nick found himself in.
Story is left open ended for more thrills and chills! Don't read it in bed with your husband or wife!
I could not put this novel down! There are so many unexpected twists and turns! I was totally hooked!
This book turned from predictable to insane in one turn of the page! Loved it! You won't put it down!
Intriguing. A very good read. Interesting insights into the minds of men and women and relationships.
A must read. Clever, original, and just an all around good mystery. I am glad that I read it finally.
What a page-turner!  I had not seen the movie and didn't know what to expect!  Could not put it down.
The final 20 questions at the end of the Kindle version are worth the price!Think about them!!!
I liked all the twists and turns in the ending and the character were capable of more than I thought.
Well written with two points of view being told.Very suspenseful with lots of twists and turns.
Loved this book till the very end!!!! So many twists and turns! I never wanted it to end! Great read!
Raced to finish this novel before the movie came out. If you loved the movie, you will love the book.
Is there going to be a gone girl 2?? Awesome story but the ending leaves me with questions! Loved it.
It was a little slow to start, but it turned a corner and I was hooked!  Can't wait to see the movie.
I loved the book.  It kept me guessing through the entire novel.  I would recommend it to my friends.
Great book. Took the 1st little but to catch onto but was very intriguing and well written! Loved it.
Kept me up for 3 nights and worth it. I don't know how Ms Flynn can top this novel, it was that good.
One of the few books I. read a second time. Now I can watch the movie. Right up there with. Goodrich.
I loved this book!  The ending is frustrating, but it is a great read! You should read this book too.
Wonderful book, as.soon as you.think you know where it's going, it takes another turn. Great reading.
Well worth buying this book.  It is very well written and unusual.  It kept me enthralled throughout.
Wow! Great book with a lot of twists. It kept me very hooked, I finished it in three days! Must read!
Very good keeps you wondering if did kill his wife all the way thru the book. Going to see the movie!
Didn't think it would have ended the way it did what a twist! Ready to see the movie now. Can't wait.
This is the first book I  read in a while the kept me guessing on the ending of the book. Great read.
Very twisted book. Keeps you reading especially after his side of story!  Can't wait to see the movie
Keeps your attention. Won't be able to put this book down and it will keep you guessing at every turn
read the book and just saw the movie. I've never disliked a character so much!....lol fantastic book!
Enjoyed reading this book - started out kinda mundane, then BAM, the plot thickened and I was hooked.
Great book!  Movie starts in October 2014!  I'll have to go...the book was certainly very intriguing!
This book was crazy! You can't help hating Nick but wanting him to come out on top too!! Great read!!
Loved this book! All my thoughts were so wrong. Couldn't put it down. I can't wait to see the movie!!
The best book I have read I in a long time. the plot twist blew me away. couldn't put this book down!
A best seller for obvious reasons. Well written & great story. Actually surprised me towards the end.
This novel has so many twists and turns. It will keep you guessing until the last page!  A must read.
Loved this book! I had to read it twice! I've recommended it to everyone I know! This is a must read!
This story is riveting.  You believe every character and really get drawn into the plot.  Diabolical.
What a fun read!  So many twists and turns...kept me guessing.  I think I found a new author to love!
All I can say is....FANTASTIC!! Best book I've read in a very long time! I just couldn't put it down.
Must read!! I've never read a book that tricked and upset me so much. Please read! You'll love it. :)
I loved it. Couldn't put it down but wow a twisted story. I was shocked most of the story  Read it!!!
Excellent book. Kept me up reading until the last page.  I have read all of her books, love them all.
One of my favorite books ever! Gillian Flynn is a brilliant author and this is a must read for sure!!
this book grabs hold and won't let go.  Waiting for book two which is sure to appear.  What a story!,
Gillian Flynn's book, Gone Girl, was an amazing read.  It had all the elements I look for in a great book; especially it's ability to keep me engaged to the end and think about picking it up constantly.  I read Dark Places and thought it was a little too dark but Gone Girl was intense, funny, and jaw-droppingly disturbing.  I definitely recommend this book.
loved the twists and turns.  didn't find anything trite anywhere.  very refreshing.  true, the main character couldn't have planned as well as presented, it was an exaggeration.  but the beautifully chilling and true part is that if someone has intelligence, focus, and discipline and they decide they want to get you, they probably will. we're spoiled either by the number of truly good people in the world or by the poorly focused (lazy) people around us who consider themselves our enemies.  hard to recognize evil in a pretty package.
A great read from start to finish. I didn't want to put the book down. What a great twist at the end
I couldn't put the book down for even a minute. It was a great psycho thriller with a lot of twists.
This book grabbed me right at the start and I didn't want to put it down.  Thanks for the good read.
I could not put it down. It was a great book with a great storyline,kept me guessing. Sad I am done.
Loved it. A few slow parts after a major revelation, but totally setting up the next dramatic punch.
This book was amazing, this book had so many twists and turns, it was written very well. I loved it.
I loved this book.  Lots of twists and turns.  In the end, you're not sure if there is a 'good guy.'
It started out a little slow but then I couldn't put it down. I'm going to read more of this author.
What an intense novel....and such a crazy woman that Amy is....WOW. The ending is definitely creepy.
I was reading the book from the library but got a Kindle fire and was able to read on there instead,
Now I will go see the movie!! Book was great read. I will be reading all other books by this author.
okay book, I had it figured out almost from the beginning though, but had to read to end to be sure.
Loved the book and also saw the movie. Very suspenseful reading. Keeps you on the edge of your seat.
Love, love, loved this book. I read it so quickly that I had to re read it to get all the nuisances.
I was not really able to stop reading! I just loved the story and the unexpected turns in it!! GREAT
Great book and very mind twisting! I will now meed to go see the movie to see if it does it justice.
Super suspense novel,keeps you guessing right up to the end.I`m looking forward to seeing the movie.
Would recommend to anyone who is in need of a suspense thriller book. I wish there were more like it
A very intriguing read. Love the way Gillian Flynn connects and twists the story. Very well written.
Addicting. I could not put it down. It starts out a little slow, but once it picks up it is amazing.
Great book!  My son and I read it in 2 days.  My son wished that desi's mom was in the movie though.
This book was awesome! I loved it!! Can't wait to see if the movie does it justice! All should read!
This is one of the best books I've read. Never knew what was coming next. Want to see the movie now.
I Loved the twists and turns. The end really was a surprise!!! I hope there will be a second part!!!
I could not put this book down until I was done.  Suspenseful till the end.  I wish it had a sequel!
Well written and great twists and turns to keep you flipping the pages. Can't wait to see the movie.
It keeps you guessing. Who's the bad person? Her? Him? Her again? Him again? Great story, well told.
It came out of nowhere and knocked me back a bit. I like a book with twists. This didn't disappoint.
So far I really like this book. Can't wait to see what happens next... I will keep reading right now
This twisted to a strange place that I never saw. Hard to put down. Great read.  I am glad I read it
It was a wonderfully written book. But I can't help to be mad that Amy didn't get what she deserved.
I wasn't sure at first, but about 1/4 of the way in, it becomes a page turner! Couldn't put it down!
Kept me on my toes, didn't know what to expect. Went from love to hate with the characters so easily
I stayed up way later than my normal bedtime to read this book. Everyone will love it, I did. Enjoy!
you'll fly through this book in a week. it'll keep your attention and you won't want to put it down.
This book has you hooked from the beginning until the end! It has a great twist that leaves in shock
An absolute page turner! I couldn't put this intense book down! This book is a must read! I loved it
I just couldn't put it down, I kept saying just one more chapter, and I was staying up to all hours.
This was a great book, couldn't put it down.  I did hate the way it ended.  Worth the read for sure!
Shocking on many levels  I'm one that can usually see the twist from a mile away, but not this time.
You won't see it coming. You think you know how it's going to end but oh how you will be wrong! Haha
I loved the suspense in this story! I also liked how the story was told from his & her perspectives.
I feel the pain and unnerving of this novel. I don't know how I feel about the ultimate plot. Life.
I do like how the movie followed the story very closely its a nice change for once that's for sure.
Very good book.  Very happy I read it.  It reminds me of everyone around me---one way or the other.
Loved it! Quick weekend read. I did see the ending coming, but that didn't ruin the journey for me.
The author did an amazing job with the story line. We went to see the movie after reading the book.
a great book can't wait to see the movie. I pictured Ben Affleck from page one that's a good thing!
A book full of exhilarating twists and turns! A must read that puts you in the mind of a sociopath.
I loved this book.It was an excellent read, I loved and hated the characters, awsome read!!!!
Great book. I couldn't put it down. Can't wait to see the movie and read more of her books. Thanks.
Wow! What a page Turner! Had me guessing to the very last line. Can't wait to read more from Flynn!
Excellent...intriguing. You 'll never expect the ending. Even Hollywood couldn't manage to ruin it.
Very good novel.  My third I've read by this author and haven't been disappointed with any of them.
This was a great read!  It kept me thinking throughout the book and I was NOT expecting the ending.
Very hard to put down.  Surprised by the twists and turns of the plot.  Lived up to its reputation.
This book was fantastic.  There was lots of suspense and twists and turns.  I recommend this novel.
can't wait to see the movie.  What a great book to get involved in.  The ending was a real shocker.
Great book! Love the audio version as well. Haven't seen the movie yet; always read the book first.
So much better than the movie. Highly recommend reading before watching. Great book. Great writing.
Twisted. I mean really twisted. I have a wicked  laugh. I was on her side all the way. What a hoot.
A book you won't  want to put down! Excellent storytelling with lots of twists and turns. LOVED IT!
This book took me on a wild ride and I loved every minute of it!  Bravo, Ms. Flynn!  You rocked it!
A page turner! What does this tell us about judging according to appearance? Who do we really know?
Great read with lots of twists and turns. Now waiting on sequel when ""Nick becomes Amazing
Intriguing plot. Very well written. Unsatisfactory end .but understandable under the circumstances.
Great book - quite the page-turner!  Haven't seen the movie yet, but hope it's as good as the book!
Finished it in a weekend!!!  Great read--not interested in the movie--I like using my imagination!!
Took a little bit to catch my attention but once it did I loved it.  You'll love the character Amy.
Great book, wasn't too pleased with the ending. The ending felt like not everything was wrapped up.
Started off a little strange but once it got going it was very good. Bit of an abrupt ending though
An excellent novel, grips you to where you don't want to put it down.  Could not wait to see movie.
Twists and turns....The ending was not good....give more to the ending after such a sick story.....
The book started slow for me but then I couldn't put it down. I never saw any of the twists coming.
I loved how the book was told from both sides. I am looking forward to trying another book of hers.
Such a good read. Very hard to put the book down when all you want to do is keep turning the pages.
I am sorry I read the book before I saw the movie last night. Did enjoy the book except the ending.
Wow, what an awesome book.  I loved every page!  Wouldn't mind reading it again, it was that great.
Awesome book!! But the ending left you hanging :/  Love all the twists! Can't wait for the movie!!!
can't wait too see the movie now - almost done with the book - the book has been non stop action!!!
All sorts of twists and turns! Keeps you on the edge of your seat and turning the page! Great book!
Great book, not going to say much as it's too easy to spoil. I hope they do it justice in the film.
Keeps you guessing what's going to happen next and don't want to stop reading so you can find out!!
This has been made into a movie. I read it a year ago and I vividly remember this mystery thriller.
The book started out slow, ended with a bang. Truly loved it. It will be one that I will read again
This was a great bookI read it in only a few days, i just couldn't put it down. Highly recommended!
This books keeps you on edge the entire time!!! Such a great read, had a hard time putting it down.
Couldn't put it down.  The type of book you want to go home quick to and pick up! Loved every page!
Page turner with lots of twists and an un- satisfying end. A little long for a novel, but worth it.
Difficult to put down.  Would love to read a sequel to see how Amy, Nick and their baby boy is now.
What a great book. This is going to be an amazing movie if they do it right. I wish there was more.
I won't ruin it for you but if you are an avid reader, this one should be on your list. Guy or Gal.
There's a lot of twists and turns. You can't figure out in the first quarter of the book. Hats off!
Great book. A real page turner, kept me on my toes the entire read. Best book I've read in a while!
Such a vivid and consuming story. Until the last page, you just won't be able to put the book down!
I could not put it down. It's a must-read! I am looking forward to reading some of her other books.
I hated him, then I hated her,  then I liked him,  then I liked her....what does that say about me?
Recommended by a friend. So glad. Loved the book. Added the author to my ""favorites"" list,
Had me hooked from the beginning. Worth reading even if you've seen the movie, always more detail.
THE BEST book!!The ending????..........no comment to spoil anyone else's ""pleasure""!
This is one of the best mystery books I've ever read. Amazing Amy isn't so amazing after all, huh?
A book that truly express the complexities of being a relationship, in an honest, page turning way
Enjoyed the book bit of a slow start. Style of the author unique compared to books previously read
Incredible story - not sure who was crazier, Amy or Nick. Now I am anxious to watch the movie. Wow
Psychology...what makes people tick, I love it.  A truly great tale.  I would highly recommend it.
Good read.  You knew there was a twist coming, just didn't know what or when.  Kept me interested.
This book kept me in suspense, trying to figure it out. Was I ever wrong. Now on to Sharp Objects!
Intriguing. Could not put it down. Best book I've read in a long time. Highly recommend this book.
Last 200 pages I read in two day they wereso good!  Back and forth it went and wish it was longer.
A complete and total mind boggler!! Twisted and dark with so many this to absorb. I just loved it!
Unbelievable!  This book was absolutely outstanding and had me on the edge of my seat!  Well done!
I bought this book for my friend and she loved it!  She said it was a crazy story but it was good.
This book kept me up late at night. Very exciting and lots of twists. Can't wait to see the movie.
Loved the book... Saw the movie shortly afterward, and that was just as good.  Highly recommended.
And I don't think I want to. There is no way they can make this movie as fantastic as the book is!
Amazing is an understatement. One of the best books I've ever read...and I've read a lot of books!
I enjoyed this book very much.....it was hard to put down after the ""twist"" in the middle.
Twists, turns, more twists and turns.  I couldn't put it down.  Well researched book.  I loved it!
Great read! Haven't seen the movie yet but I got through the book in 2 days, couldn't put it down!
I Saw the movie first and the book added so much great detail! I Highly recommend this read to all
Loved it. Started off a little slow but once it gets going, IT GETS GOING. Very clever stuff here.
Great read although I was not thrilled with the ending.  That should not stop you from reading it!
Great read.  Unexpected plot changes keep the interest going.  The ending leaves you wanting more.
Easy to read and does not string you along. My only problem with the ending is that it had to end.
Great writing! She did a fantastic job capturing the voices of each character. Highly recommended!
Excellently written.  Great story.  I enjoyed the book more than the movie.  Couldn't put it down!
I loved the book..so twisty but I'm just curious where Nick and Amy will end up? I need an ending.
This is such a great book. It always kept me wondering what the next twist would be. I was hooked!
Best book I've read in ages!  Twists and turns all the way.  When you think you got it, you don't!
Excellent! Well written, complicated plot with unpredictable outcome. Great character development.
One of the best books I have ever read everyone needs to read it I can't wait to see the movie now
I couldn't put it down! It kept me wondering what was going to happen right till he end.  So good!
I could stop reading. Can't wait to see the movie. I am looking forward to the next book. The end.
Way out there. I hated the characters, ultimately all of them, but love the story. Sick sick sick.
The best book I ever Read until the END! I wanted so much more for Nick. Seeing the movie tonight!
I could not put this book down. Was disappointed in the way it ended tho.Wanted Amy to go to jail.
Great book. Gillian Flynn is a great writer, ending is very provocative. Anxious to see the movie.
Avery engrossing story, told very well.  Giving both sides of the story.  It was hard to put down.
I am sorry this book sat so long on my kindle. Great escapism. The perfect way to read off a cold!
Overall the story was enjoyable and the story line kept me guessing. I thought it was well written
Wonderfully written which kept me wanting to finish the story.  Suspenseful and full of surprises!
This was an awesome book! I was a little skeptical in the beginning, but totally glad I bought it!
This author always has a surprising twist to throw at you halfway through the book, and I LOVE it!
I loved this book! Could not put it down! I can't wait to get started on the other to Flynn books!
amazing could not put this book down the end is pure craziness I can't wait to read more like this
Incredible story! I loved the twists and turns in the plot and well written character development.
I put off reading this book several times over the last 2 years. So glad I finally read it. GREAT!
Impossible to put down. Did not want it to end but couldn't wait to see how it ended. Great read!!
This 3rd novel by Gillian Flynn has the least likeable characters that I have ever met. Even though the characters were deplorable, I loved the plot. I couldn't stop turning the pages. This is the first book in a long time that I would even read while I was walking in the hallways at work. Any time I had a couple of minutes, I would sneak time to read just a bit more. Wow. The plot twists are shocking right up until the last bit of the book. Just. Shocking. Anyone who loves surprises and suspense should read this book.
Too much fun
A must read!
I can not believe the end!!! I feel like there needs to be sequel! Now I need to watch the movie!
A very good read.  I have not finished it yet, but I have really enjoyed what I have read so far.
slow to start but then very moving and so many surprises.... a must read before watching the film
I rarely get surprised when I read a suspense novel but this one got me. A great fast paced read.
Excellent book.  Did not know what would happen next.  Book kept my interest all the way through.
This was our first book club book and we all agreed Excellent read. I couldn't put the book down.
Really enjoyed this light read. It could have been horribly depressing but much was lighthearted.
This was a really great story for me.  Hard to put the book down, which I love when that happens.
Great read, major twist in the middle is unexpected. Will make you think about your own marriage.
This book is so good!!!!  Wanted to see the movie, but I'm glad I started reading the book first!
Excellent book and so well written. Lots of twists and turns but must admit the ending was tough.
I have a relative who is a sociopath. She's very much like Amy. I hope this isn't what's to come.
Awesomely breathtaking book I can't handle it. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time !!!! *
Great story with quite a twist! A book that is hard to put down as you want to know every detail.
I'd heard good things about this book, so I finally read it. I'm glad I did! Now for the movie...
Wonderful book! I couldn't put it down. Can't wait to see the movie, now that I've read the book!
Kept me so interested, I could not put it down.  Just went in so many directions I didn't expect.
Fun read. I would recommend you read it after you watch David Fincher's movie adaptation, though.
I enjoyed it from beginning to end -- very interesting spin to make it better than most mysteries
There's a reason this book was buzzed about for ages and became a top-grossing film.  Phenomenal!
Fabulous.lots of twists to this story. Enjoyed the presentation. Will read others by this author.
Great book and just saw the movie, did a great job on both. Will read other books by this author.
A realPage turner.  Clever plot. Devious people.Could this really happen?  Not sure .
Omg this book was so amazing! I could not put it down. Thank you for such a wild and crazy story.
Great book to keep you guessing didn't want to put it down read it twice now off to see the movie
What an exciting, twisting, unexpecting occurrence of events. Could not put it down.  Great read.
Loved this book. Well written, and kept my interest the whole time. I didn't want to put it down.
Engaging! Well-written. Some comments about the ending, but I found it satisfying and believable.
I don't know how writers come up with this stuff!!  Excellent read.  Now I have to see the movie.
I loved this book.  Once I started I couldn't put it down.  I can't wait to read her other books!
Very engaging. Could not put it down. Interested in seeing how well the movie captured the story.
Read through this book just so I could go see the movie.  I hope it is as suspenseful as the book
Mind-bending and could not put it down.  Still thinking about it and can't wait to see the movie.
I'm not much of a mystery or thriller fan, but this book really caught my attention!! Great read!
I loved this book. Couldn't put it down. I was surprised by the ending. Anxious to see the movie.
An excellent book.  Left me with a lot to think about.  Good book for your book discussion group.
I read the book in 3 days.  Couldn't put it down.  So many twists. The ending was a real shocker.
A great a read! I could hardly put it down. It has great twists & no one is quite what they seem.
amazing read! kept me wondering what was going to happen next. If you have not read it, you must!
Loved this book!  Lost of different twists and turns that I never expected. Couldn't put it down!
have not read a lot of my books, am trying to catch up, love the quick way they come on my kindle
I really Loved the book!! But do wish the ending was a little different. It was a bit too abrupt.
This was such a Great book that kept me reading from start to finish. I Can't wait for the movie.
Absolutely amazing! Both point of views was a great way to write the book. Love the intense flip.
This is a MUST READ... Fantastic fast, exciting roller coaster ride. Dark... But oh, so worth it!
Really enjoyed this book as a summer read. Can't wait to see the film. I hope they do it justice.
After years of reading you can guess the next twist or ending too often. No so with this book. KT
Couldn't put this down! You'll fall in love and hate Nick & Amy as much as they do to each other.
I couldn't put it down, it kept me on the edge of my seat. So many twists. I highly recommend it.
The ending left much to be desired, but I realy liked all the twists in the plot!  Kept me glued.
One of the best books I have read.  I can't wait for the movie . . . if half as good as the book.
Didn't want it to end! Very well written and very original. I want to read more of her books now.
Very good book.  Was a little slow at beginning, but picked up and I was not able to put it down
It was a very good book. It kept me interested and involved to the very end!  Easy read as well.
This was a great book! I'm so glad I read it.  I Would recommend this book to anyone!  Thank you
I've finally caught up with my book club, which read it over a year ago. Now, on to the movie...
Great read, couldn't put it down. Interesting right to the final page with an unexpected finish!
Gone Girl was intense.  Loved it!  I will probably read it again.  Fast read.  Hard to put down.
The book started out slow but picked up. You really do have to pay attention to follow the plot.
So well written! Could not put it down, and then lingers into your thoughts for many days after.
I have watched this twice now and may again-- to really understand the ending.  Fantastic movie.
Never in my life have I read a book so twisted , I could not believe what happened . Crazy crazy
It really kept my interest.  I have not read this author before and would like to see the movie.
This book has a lot of twists and turns and is a quick read.  The book is better than the movie.
Such a page turner! Did not want to put this book down! Now on to the movie! Good read for sure!
This is not your run of the mill, murder mystery, very good! It was not the ending I saw coming.
This book kept me on edge which is always the sign of a good book for me. Whipsawed my emotions.
Excellent novel, well developed characters, and an intriguing story line. Overall, a great read!
So many twists and very unexpected ending.  I loved it and I can not wait to see the movie next!
Really well written and it is difficult to guess how it will turn out that makes it even better.
Really well written. This is a great read. Saw the movie first and needed to read to book after.
Great book.  I really hope that they make a second one. I would love to see how this story goes.
Lots of twists and turns! Great read! I could not put the book down! I hope there is a sequel...
Fabulous read!!! I didn't want it to end. Great plot twists and great ending. You gotta read it!
What can I say.  Great book.  Saw the movie too.  Unforgettable and original.Frannie
Great plot with amazing twists and turns.  The other Gillian Flynn novels are excellent as well!
Wow! What a book, full of twists and turns.  I never had a clue as  to what was really going on.
Just started reading it don't know yet so I can't write a review will let you know when I finish
Kept me guessing right up to the end!  I changed my thought process through out the entire book!
omg. wow. I don't know what else to say. I am simply shocked how this ended. what a page Turner.
Love the twists in the story line.  Definitely made me want to keep reading to see what happens.
it was a very good book and for the first time in a long time the movie was better than the book
Couldn't put this book down.  Every chapter left you wanting more.  Can't wait to see the movie.
This book was thrilling! Wonderfully written and impossible to put down!  I highly recommend it!
Best book I ever read!!! Had me on the edge of my seat!! Great thriller couldn't set down!!
Nearly every page is a new twist. This book is messed up in an addicting way. It's a great read.
I love this this book, I have recommended it to several of my friends. Can't wait for the movie.
Exciting novel! Great story about a young couple. I read it over a month on my Kindle. Loved it.
Absolutely amazing! Very suspenseful. You won't want to put it down. I can't wait for the movie.
Nice cliff hanger at the end. Didn't want it to end either so hope there is more to come please!
I love, love to read and this one of my favorite authors. This has been one of my favorite books
Ready to read the next book.  Kept me on my toes. The movie is going to be very interesting.  I,
It is an I can't put it down book from about the mid way area of the book.  Absolutely loved it.
This is my first book that I have read by this author. I enjoyed the book cause it made u think.
twists and turns.  You like him you hate her. You feel sorry for her you hate him.  Diabolical.
Great book.  I highly recommend it.  You feel like you are inside the story watching it unfold.
Twists & turns, full of suspense.  Hard to stop reading.  Best book I've read in a long time!!!
Great book that keeps you guessing.  I found it very different and a refreshingly way to write.
Couldn't put it down! Definitely a great read with many twists and turns that won't disappoint.
Really enjoyed reading this book.  Ordered another from this author hoping it would be as good.
Anything written by gillian flynn is pure gold as far as I'm concerned. A guaranteed addiction.
Amazing book!! Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time I was reading it! Hard to put down
Incredibly written and suspenseful!!! Had to keep reading past my bedtime so I could finish it!
A real page turner. Never sure what the next twist was going to be. Highly recommend this book.
Lots of twists and turns! This book will keep you entertained until the very end. A great read!
Great story that keeps you on edge. Lots of turns in the theme and a very very very crazy lady.
Without giving away a convoluted plot, I just tell friends not to believe everything they read.
I only wish I had read the book before I saw the movie. Wow. Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer
Layered with lots of twists and turns that will keep you hooked right through to the last page.
this book kept me wanting to read. each page left me wanting to read the next. Very good story.
This book was creepy but SO good! The storyline is crazy, but keeps you hooked to the very end!
I just finished this book and can't stop thinking about it. One of the best I've read this year
Couldn't put it down, and I'm not a reader. Inspired me to catch up on all Gillian Flynn books.
Very strange , unforeseeable plot twists. Love,,love it, love it!  But how can this go further?
Oh my gosh!  This book is so exciting.  I plan to tell all my friends that they should read it.
This book leaves me guessing with all of its twists and turns. I can't wait to see how it ends.
refreshing to read a thriller that has a completely different twist to it, although a bit sick.
This book was a very interesting read. If you love a good twist you should check this book out.
Wonderful book!  Kept me on the edge from chapter to chapter, it was hard to put the book down!
Gone Girl"" was an awesome novel! Twisty and messy in the end-kind of like life itself.
Great read!  A tad slow at first but then I couldn't put it down . Can't wait to see the movie!
A very interesting book!  I believe it takes an extremely talented author to write such a book!
An amazingly well-written book, that keeps you guessing to the very end. I highly recommend it.
Took a bit to find the hook and get used to POV changes but the story is unique and intriguing.
Wow! Great twisted story. It keeps the reader guessing the entire time. I couldn't put it down!
it took a long time to set up the plot.  it was worth the wait. I amwaiting for book two.
great writing the book is a page turner. Couldn't put it down.  Story was extremely interesting
Just ma great story---but I was a bit disappointed in the ending.Overall, I rated it FIVE STARS
One of the best thrillers I have ever read.  So many twist and turns.  It was hard to put down.
Bought it for my wife! She loved it and dragged me to the theatres to see it on the big screen.
Best who-done-it book I've ever read. Makes you think twice about ANYONES mental state of mind.
Absolutely amazing writing that has you captured in the twists and turns from the first page!!!
I loved it, even more after I finished it and starting thinking about all the twists and turns!
I'm only 1/4 of the way through, but I'm really liking this author's character building skills!
Love the book can't wait for the movie! Could not put the book down read it in a day and a half
The book gets better and better as you continue reading. It's a czn't put it down type of read!
Excellent story!  Lots of twists and turns....would love a sequel to see how it all played out.
great suspense.... great characters.... def grabbed me from the beginning!  good summer read...
A pretty interesting book.  It kept my son and I intrigued enough to read over just a few days.
Great book - I couldn't put it down!  I can't wait to see the movie now!  I would recommend it.
Loved this book, read it cover to cover in one day. Hoping the upcoming movie is just as great.
Amazing book! I enjoyed it so much I read it in one day! Will be reading more from this author.
To me, this is one of the finest mystery/crime books I have read.  It would be criminal to discuss the plot points other than to say that if you are only comfortable with Hollywood storylines, you need heroic characters and would prefer to sleep at night, find another book.  I loved Flynn's first two stories, but this ingenious, daring and uncompromising author has out done herself.  Hopefully, Flynn's excellent, confident, insightful writing with inspire other authors and raise the bar on the genre.
A great book and story. Watched the film first and the book is just as intense if not more so.
A riveting book that keeps you glued to the pages.  Be sure to read the book before the movie.
Great book! I liked Amy a lot, she was a great character. I read it because I liked the movie.
Crazy read beginning to end, how can a person be that messed up?  Couldn't put this book down!
Great book, wait for the twist towards the end. Read the book first before watching the movie.
AMAZINGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!! It's been over a month and I am STILL thinking about these characters!
Twisted minds always find each other in this sick world.I loved it, really entertaining.
I was not disappointed in this book.  Great story, held my interest from the start to the end.
Page turner. Gillian really captured the essence of a troubled woman who feels wronged. Kudos!
This was such an amazing book, if I may use that word! I definitely want to see the movie now.
I Agree with others, this book has a Bad ending. But overall a good read and hard to put down.
Best book I've read in a long turn. This page turner will keep you guessing what happens next.
Glad I read the book before the movie loved it didn't see the twist coming very good writing!!
Everyone was reading this one, so I had to catch the buzz.  Now I'm hoping to catch the movie!
So many twists and turns and a twisted but fascinating scary couple.  They deserve each other.
A great read.  Well written and developed plot.  Enjoyed it even though I saw the movie first.
Seems a bit chopped, but kept your attention,  over all a good book,  am anxious to see movie!
The movie will probably be as good as this book. It was a real mind game. I enjoyed reading it
You really can't stop reading this book it is a must read but this book is not for kids thanks
Great read as you delve into the minds, emotions and twisted plots of the two main characters.
Very good book with some twists I wasn't expecting.  Almost finished, but I recommend it 100%.
Wow. Read this in a week before I go to see the movie. This was a great read. Very intriguing.
Amazing book, kept you guessing and I never say the ending coming!!! I couldnt stop reading !!
I was completely blown away by this book.  Not everyone's taste but for me a genuine winner!!!
Gone Girl is an excellent read!! From start to finish, a real page turner, with a great twist.
I enjoyed the story very much a great page turner I could not put the book down once I started
This book was tons of fun. Exceptionally engaging and over all a great read. Highly Recommend!
Excellent book. A thrilling novel that keeps you on edge. You don't want to put this one down!
Couldn't put this book down.  Read it with one of my book club and it got a lot of discussion.
This is an amazing novel! It was very in depth and I never knew what was going to happen next!
I simply could not put this book down. It kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish.
A thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.  This is a must read!
Gillian Flynn has outdone herself in a modern masterpiece of marital disharmony that strikes a shrill chord much like the very memorable ""The War of the Roses"". On their fifth anniversary, Amy Dunne disappears from her home in Missouri, her husband, Nick, dumbstruck to find their living room in shambles and no trace of his wife when he returns home. As the tale unfolds, detectives inevitably begin noting the inconsistencies in Nick's behavior and his account of recent events, naturally suspecting that Nick has killed his wife, a beautiful, sophisticated Manhattanite forced by circumstances- his lost job as a magazine writer, the financial mismanagement of her trust fund and the impending death of Nick's mother- to relocate to this remote residence, far from friends and family.Flynn's setup is flawless: a careless husband spending long hours at the bar he purchased with the dregs of Amy's trust fund and runs with his sister, Margo; a lonely wife doubting her spouse's continuing affections; a diary accounting Amy's growing fears for her safety as their fights escalate; a magical New York life turned into a hollow marriage in Missouri. While an ineffective Nick stumbles through the first days of cooperating with the police and making stupid, irrevocable mistakes, Amy's found diary reveals an entitled young woman spoiled by indulgent parents, writers who have made their fortune from a series of books based on their daughter, Amazing Amy. When Amy meets Nick, she has found the man of her dreams, embracing a modern attitude toward matrimony, visualizing them forever in love, unlike their other married friends.Time and circumstance erode that dream. The Amy who disappears on her anniversary is an unhappy wife with a husband who has lost interest in pleasing her. After countless interviews, searches for the missing body and the inevitable dead ends, the unavoidable occurs: Nick is formally accused of murdering his wife. Their story becomes yet another media event, a voracious public tracking the couple's marriage, a talk show maven ranting about Amy's fate and Nick's certain guilt, You Tube, internet chat sites, the whole circus atmosphere of yet another murdering husband. But while the country treats this story as a salacious murder mystery, Flynn reveals yet another layer of deceit, exposing her fully flawed adversaries in a psychological grudge match between a brilliant, furious Amy and an ineffective, emotionally-stunted Nick. In Flynn's Machiavellian masterpiece the stakes are increasingly raised, the defeats more ominous, a chilling intellectual skirmish of a classic love/hate relationship with a sociopathic twist. Unfortunately, in this scenario, thrilling though it is, even the winner is a loser. Luan Gaines/2012.
This is the 3rd Gillian Flynn book I read and this was my favorite. The story has a lot of twists and turns so just when you thought you had it figured out something new happens.  I was talking about the book with a friend and one thing I told them was that I was surprised I liked the book so much because I really did not like any of the lead characters.  It was a book where I didn't find myself rooting for anyone in particular- I enjoyed it solely for the story and the journey it took me on.
Love the way she writes.  Pulled me in and I couldn't stop reading!  Now onto Dark Places. :)
The book started out kind of odd but the more you read the more you get sucked in. Great book
An excellent read. Very entertaining, keeps you interested, would highly recommend this book.
Awesome twisted demented thriller. Love her writing. Kept me wanting more. Great imagination.
The book took a couple of chapters to get into it, but then couldn't put it down.  Good read.
couldn't put it down yet didn't want it to be over.  The ending sort of leaves you hanging...
It was very suspenseful. Didn't want to put it down. Liked the alternating persons narration.
FIRST FEW CHAPTERS...HARD TO GET INTERESTED THAN THE BOOK FINALLY GETS TO THE EXCITING PART!!
Did not know what I was getting myself into it, but wow. That's all I have to say about this.
Characters that you love to hate/never really trust and a story that compels me to read more.
If you want to immerse yourself in a book and forget the world for a while this is your book!
I found the first part of the book a little slow, but when it picked up, OMG! It was amazing!
Love the book! Couldn't put it down! It didn't end the way I thought it would! Big surprise!!
Just a great book. Lots of mystery & intrigue! Loved it & I've ordered all her other novels!!
Saw the movie first and then read the book. It goes right along with the movie. Well written.
Im not a writer so I will keep this simple I LOVED THIS BOOK cant wait to check the movie out
This was a great easy read. I liked it much more than I anticipated and couldn't put it down!
Good book. Once I got into it, was hard to put down.  You want to hurry up & see how it ends.
This book is addicting, can't wait to see the movie and see if it is as good. Enjoy this read
great book! I devoured this book! So glad that I read it. Seeing the movie was great as well!
Exciting with an Alfred Hitchcock  twist to it. Hated to put it down it was such a good read.
LOOOOOved this book. I love when a book makes you feel something and thats what her books do.
Excellent story telling. Lots of twist and turns.  This was right up my alley. Great writing!
I Didn't want to put this book down. 😝 Lots of plot twists! I hope the film does it justice.
Loved it!  I can't wait to watch the movie.  This book really made some odd twists and turns.
A must read! Just when I thought I knew what  was going to happen it took me on another road.
Wow! very unusual book - a twist at every turn. All was unexpected. Can't wait for the movie!
Loved this book and now want to read more from Gillian Flynn. Ready to see the movie version.
Just when you had it figured out there was a huge twist in the plot. I could not put it down.
Very good book, not what I expected. I want to see the movie to see if they do the book good.
Extremely well-written.  Interesting perspective.  Enjoyable read - easy book to fall into it
Fabulous book! I am not much of a reader but heard about this book and could not put it down!
What a great read! If you like a book that keeps you turning pages, this is the book for you.
This is my first book by this author but it will not be my last(i have already purchased Dark Places)!  I was sucked in from the beginning and stayed up half the night to finish it.  I liked that it kept me guessing on what was gonna happen next.  Some books you can figure out what is going to happen and how it will end, not with this one.  Amy & Nick seem like the perfect couple but wow what secrets they both have.  This is a perfect summer read and you will not be able to put it down!
Loved it. Most ywisted, co-dependent couple you will ever meet. Would LOVE a follow-up book!
This was a great read. You truly didn't see the next thing com just ng until it was the r e.
It's worth a read. I can't wait to check out the movie now. I hope it's as good as the book.
I couldn't put down this book. It was so well written and kept me enthralled the whole time.
Better than the movie.  More in depth. Loved it! Esp the way they show both sides - amazing!
Excellent read that takes you for an unpredictable, thrilling ride. I'd highly recommend it!
I am so, so impressed with this book! I read the whole thing in 24 hours!! Loved it so much!
I loved the twists and turns of this book and I was excited that I got it for a great price!
Took a while to capture me, but once it did I couldn't put it down. Nice easy and fast read.
Compelling book, a page turner for sure...couldnt put it down as it unfolded....now a movie!
Loved this book. Can't wait to see the movie. The characters in the book deserve each other.
Couldn't put this thriller down. So many twists and turns it keep me guessing until the end!
Haven't seen the movie, but now know what all the fuss is about. Book is a one sitting read.
I am not going to see the movie.  It cannot possibly be as thoroughly ensnaring as the book!
Great reading, you really learn to hate Amy but in the end, he is the crazy one for staying.
Getting through the first few slow chapters was worth it.  This was an exciting, quick read!
Couldn't put it down!!! Looking forward to the movie which I hear is very close to the book.
One of the best books that I've ever read - and I've been reading for pleasure for 60 years!
All I can say is Wow. I can see why it has been on the NYTimes best seller list for so long.
It was awesome and at times very intense with underlying themes between the main characters.
great bookwe did it for a book club and everyone loved itcant wait for the movie
very good book lots of twists and turns.  Would definitely recommend this book to my friends
I wasn't sure I would like this, but it has kept me interested so far. I would recommend it.
Great book, kept me on the edge of my seat.  Would love to see it made into a movie sometime
This is a very good book.  I could not put it down.  It kept me on the edge the entire book.
I was searching for a good read right before vacation, and I remembered this title from a list in some magazine, while in waiting room dental office. I ordered it, thinking it would be a ""who dun it"" with a twist. The story pulls you in, and believe it or not, I came away with an insight to marriage,(while the novel is extreme in many ways)almost a challenge to be a a better partner! I liked the book very much, and have told many girlfriends. I think men would enjoy it just as much!
The best book I have read in a long time. Flynn has written an absolutely and wonderfully psychotic story with authentic characters originally created.  Hannibal, Missouri, is an unlikely, but unique Midwestern setting where life is usually so predictably hum-drum; but here, it is the perfect backdrop from the Dunne madly fueled marriage.The writing is so perfect, just genius.  I cannot wait until this novel is on the shortlist of the 2012 awards (hopefully, an Edgar).
Did not see it coming. I recommend this book all the time. Prepare to have your mind blown.
Fabulous book. Couldn't put it down. I bought the kindle so I could read it again on the go
Totally messed up, but in the best way possible for a great read!! Completely recommend it.
A fascinating great.  Enjoyed the undercurrents - sometimes difficult to go with the tide!!
Read it after watching the movie. Definitely a must read and so much better than the movie!
It was a great book, very unusual, very suspenseful to the point of being down right scary.
Read in a day. A book you cannot put down. As usual the book is much better than the movie.
Heard a lot about this book and was very entertaining. Looking forward to seeing the movie.
Lots of twists n turns. Slow start, but very interesting. Wonder if there will be a sequel?
Story hooked me immediately.  I Was totally engrossed and brought for an unbelievable ride.
Nice plots twists some of which I did not see coming at all. Twisted but overall good read.
Wow amazing story! Suspensful, well written, definitely a page turner i could not put down!
Great book.  I like the format of reading both sides of the story as it builds to a climax.
I found this book to be very interesting and surprising.  It was a fast and enjoyable read.
Great read. Very well written. Wasn't fond of the ending but didn't ruin completely for me.
I couldn't put it down. Very insightful exploration of relationships between men and women.
Amazing book.  You'll think you know where it's going but you'll be wrong.  Great thriller.
Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time and left me wanting more. A truly great read!
Couldn't put it down!  It was all that I had heard it was going to be--a great summer read!
Whodunnit ?  Who knows?  Never quite sure... keeps you guessing...to the end and beyond....
Gone Girl is a quick read that will leave you on the edge of your seat.  I really loved it!
Excellent book!  It kept me on the edge of my seat and very hard to put down.  A must read!
this was a good choice for the person on my gift list as this is New York Times Best seller
I love a book that can keep me guessing. A book I can't stop reading is an extra bonus. This one was supposed to keep me entertained crossing the country in the car, for a day or two, sadly, I finished it in less than 24 hours, not just because I'm a very fast reader, because it was so well written and I had to find out where it was going.You won't be disappointed and don't think you know it all before the very last sentence.5 stars from me the picky reader.
Imaginative, superbly rendered... This novel deserves every bit of its remarkable success.
Excellent book. Grabs you from the very beginning and keeps you pulled in the entire time.
Really well written. Fast paced. I never got bored reading it and always kept me guessing.
Kept we guessing the whole book! Hate someone one minute and love them the next. Loved it!
Gone Girl was so suspenseful! I could not put the book down! A twisted story! Must read!!!
So many twists and turns.  I read the book before I watched the movie and both were great.
It was one of the most interesting books I have ever read!  Very easy reading. I loved it!
Never in a million years I would have expected this!  I could not stop once I got started!
An awesome book. A great read. Have not seen the movie, but could not compare to the book.
I enjoyed it.  It is s great read.  I highly recommend it if you like psychotic thrillers.
I saw the movie first, that was good, but the book was fantastic. I was sad for it to end!
Couldn't put it down.... Just when I thought I knew what was going to happen - plot twist!
Well written. Keeps the reader on her toes throughout. So many twists and turns. Loved it!
Slow start but after that it kept me interested a page-turner.  An ending I didn't expect.
A combination thriller/mystery and commentary on modern marriage.  I couldn't put it down.
Wonderful book and easy read.  I couldn't quit reading until I finished it.  Awesome book!
Amazing writing...and interesting manner of telling this wonderfully twisted tale of life!
I thought it was a great book,kept me guessing.  Didn't like the ending.  5 stars for sure
I thought it started kind of slow, but thank goodness I kept going because it got so good!
Well written. Scary to think that there are probably people out there that think like Amy.
It took a few chapters to get me interested then I couldn't put my Kindel down  Good book!
I didn't care for the ending but I would definitely read another Gillian Flynn book again!
Wow.....what a thriller!  Absolutely loved reading this book.  I could not put in down!!!!
Couldn't put it down!  Would like to meet the woman whose mind could put all that together
Gripping. Disturbing. Kept me reading to the end.  I would definitely recommend this book!
Hard to put this one down or to wait for the outcome. The end was unexpected..
Fun thriller! Lots of interesting twists and turns that make you not want to stop reading!
I am not a fan of the ending.  I was ready for another twist.  Plans for a sequel, I'm in!
What a great book!  And a surprising turn of events...I could not put it down!  Must read!
This book keeps you on edge the entire time.  The ending leaves you speechless. I love it!
An entertaining book. The characters develop in an intriguing way. Suspenseful story line.
This book got off to a slow store. But once it got going u couldn't put it down. Good read
I read this book in a flash loved it so much wanted to read it again! Love the plot twist.
This book is great! I didn't know that much about it I picked it up because I love the authors other 2 books and this book totally did not disappoint. I won't say anything about the plot but this book is full of great twists and turns and surprises and I don't want to ruin any of them.Read this Book!!!!!
as expected
Great read!
Great page turning novel!  Good psychological thriller.  Can't wait to see the movie now!
Slow start but once I was in it was fast paced with lots of interesting twists and turns.
Great Book!  Will make you look a little differently at relationships.  Very SUSPENSEFUL!
Couldn't put it down. Full of suspense on every page. Now I want to see the movie. GeeGee
I'm not a fast reader but this is an easy read, lots of twists and turns, great thriller.
The story line was unpredictable and kept me enthralled, twist after twist, a great read.
Loved the book and its twists and turns in the plot.  The read was better than the movie!
Book had me guessing right up to the end.  The book was soooo much better then the movie.
Great book with some twists that I didnt expect. I'll read more of Gillian Flynn's books.
Lots of twists to a more complex story than it first presents itself as.  Very impressed.
Wow! I was holding my breathe through much of this book. I will definitely see the movie.
Good read!  Can't wait to see the movie!  The book develops the characters from page one.
A page turner... Hard to put down! Kept me on the edge of my seat and needing to read on!
Better than the movie and a great read with lots of twists and turns. It's a page turner!
This book was hard to put down. I can't wait to go see the movie now.  She is pure bitch.
Great story with wonderful twists and turns.  Wanted to read this before I saw the movie.
Excellent book! Suspense keeps you wanting to keep reading and makes it hard to put down.
One of the best books I have ever read. Full of twists and turns could not put it down !!
Great novel.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat!  You will want to finish it right away.
This was a very intense story but also a very easy read. Now I am ready to see the movie!
Wonderful book!  It kept me on the edge of my seat throughout and was a fascinating read.
Brilliantly written mystery, leads you down a dark path with unexpected twists and turns!
A great read, slightly disappointed by the ending, one of those books you can't put down!
You won't be able to get off this ride... and what a ride.  Loved it.  Great summer read.
Just know it is a page-turner and the characters are intense. It's best to go in blind, I think, to ramp up the suspense. That said, this isn't just a whodunit novel unless you extend that definition to ""who wronged you last"" --meaning, this is also a book about domestic grievance and fallen expectations. It's cagey and actually quite a bit funny. It's a testimony to the writing that my varying levels of empathy for the characters were never completely extinguished.
loved the movie and the book answered some questions .well written and thought-provoking
Couldn't put the book done... love the book. Gave both sides of the story.. a must read.
One of the best books I have read in a while, its hard to put down once you get started.
loved the book and the movie too- so much fun to do book/movie analysiss and comparisons
Thrilling to a faultClear your schedule for the night,Sleep the next morning
Totally entertaining. Didn't want it to end. The book was so much better than the movie.
I couldn't put this book down. It was well written with unexpected twists along the way.
Such a good book.  If you haven't seen the movie yet, read the book first.  Its awesome.
Loved it. Couldn't read it at bedtime because it was so crazy it messed with my brain 😃
Easily one of the best books I've ever read. Finished it in three nights. Buy this book!
I thought this was a great story, it kept me engaged the whole time. Read it in one day.
Very happy with my book.  It was a great price. Very happy, would recommend this vendor.
Just when you think you've got it figured out, you are totally wrong! I loved this book!
I could read this again as soon as I finished it I wanted to start all over. I loved it.
great novel. . . I couldn't put the book down. I also saw the movie, book is way better!
All I can say is ""WOW"" -what an interesting story.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Loved it!  I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie and I am so glad that I did!
Could not put it down.  Now I know why it has been on the best sellers list for so long.
Great book.  I enjoyed the screenplay as well, which kept to the story line in the book.
Real page turner! Couldn't put it down and can't wait to see the movie excellent writing
what a great book.  I couldn't put it down.  I'm sure the movie can't be quite as good!!
Another winner. Very exciting and different from other books. Lot's of turns and twists.
A very catching read.  Loved the method of delivery.  The ending left me wanting more...
A real page turner, well written and a lot of twists and turns. I didn't want it to end!
Awesome book. I love the way each chapter is presented in the voice of Nick and then Amy
Just as great as all the reviews have been.  Couldn't put down. Now maybe see the movie?
Amazing.  Read this book and you should understand what the word ""amoral"" means.
Good, different than anything I've read before. Made into a movie; can't wait to see it.
The book was a GREAT read.  If you loved the movie you will love the book twice as much.
One of the best books I have read in a long time. It had me guessing until the very end.
One of the all time best books.  I had no idea of the ending until I got there.  Superb.
Loved this book. Could not put it down. Already ordered the next novel by Gillian Flynn.
Loved this book. Kept me interested all the way through. Will buy more from this author.
Exciting page turner. Great twists of plot and character development. An excellent read.
I can't wait for the movie to come out!  I kinda wish it had ended differently though...
The details pulled me in.  The plot kept me hungry for the next chaptet.  Great writing.
I am abouat 60% through the book but it has me intrigued and I cannot wait to finish it.
I won't give anything away, but I do have to say that I loved how it kept me on my toes.
The book kept me at the edge of my seat!!!!!  Very good read - i could not put it down!!
I absolutely loved this book, it kept me enthralled from start to finish.  There were surprises around every corner, which i love in a book.  It was written so well and an absolute pleasure to read, just started another of Gillian Flynn's books, hopefully i will love it as much as i did, Gone Girl !!!
I was very excited to start reading Gone Girl on vacation, and after page one I couldn't put it down! Gillian Flynn does an excellent job of switching points of view between Nick (the husband) and Amy (his wife). With every change in POV, you learn more about the characters and their intense relationship. Flynn adds many twists and turns to keep the reader interested and the last page leaves you begging for more. A great read! Can't wait for more from Flynn.
There's over 40,000 reviews. What more can I add? 5 stars. Read it then watch the film.
The twist and turns of this book is amazing. Also the voice actors are just soooo good!
Very good book a little disappointed in the end. I wanted her to get what she deserved.
Great Thriller!!!  It wasn't on everybody's BEST SELLER list for so long for nothing...
Wanted to read it before I saw the movie and I'm glad I did.  The book was even better!
good plot, very good writer, cant see the ending coming. I will read more of her books.
Book held my interest. It was a good read for my book club as there was much discussion
I liked it.  Everyone that I know that read this, liked it.  And they liked the ending.
Loved this book!  Couldn't put it down.  The twists & turns - never new what to expect.
A bit of a slow start but what a ride!  It's a love/ hate relationship with the ending!
Unbelievable, actually enjoyed it so much that I read it twice.  This is a must read!!!
Kept you on the edge of your seat! A real page turner. I can't wait to watch the movie.
Best book I have read in years. Couldn't wait to finish it but so sad when it was over.
excellent. I haven't seen the film because the book is basically a stream of conscience
What a wonderful, twisty, turny novel.  Loved it.  Something that made you contemplate.
I was kept glued to the book.  Had surprises & twists & turns.  Enjoyed it tremendously
Great Book.  Surprised by the ending.  Language slightly offensive but fits characters.
Loved this book.  It kept me guessing and on an emotional roller coaster until the end.
a very bizarre yet possible plot.  A most unusual book. Interesting until the very end.
I am a Stephen King fan but I found this book very hard to put down. Very well written.
Great read. The suspense and twists and turns were compelling and kept me wanting more!
Great book.Kept me hooked from the first page till the last.  Look forward to the movie
The writer did an awesome job with this book.  I loved hearing both sides of the story.
A 2-day read because I couldn't put it down!  Clever and unexpected twists and turns...
Kept me in suspense up to the end, some scenes raised the hair on the nape of my neck.
Great work of fiction. The main characters have both likeable and repulsive qualities.
Great read, great ""escape"" book. Read her other 2 books immediately afterwards
Lots of surprises in this book!  Keeps you wondering which direction it will take next
Great book...I couldn't put it down. Captivating twists & turns...thriller to the end!
Awesome book! Full of twists and turns, very interesting and not what you would think.
No review really--just loved the style. Certainly wouldn't hesitate to read her again.
Thriller I wanted a different ending, but I don't think it would have the same impact.
It was a great read, couldn't put it down..and the ending was the icing on the cake!!!
did not want to put it down. have family ties to the area in ohio, made it even better
From what I read it is a great book I would recommend to other people to read the book
Fantastic book. Kept me involved from the beginning to the end. Superior to the movie.
Despicable heroine and hero, but their intricate machinations are fascinating reading.
It took me awhile to get into it but when I did I couldn't put it down  weird but good
one of the best I have read in a long time.  I was surprised at  every turn of a page.
Excellent writing; clever plot.  Couldn't put the book down until I knew how it ended.
excellent novel with many twists and turns.Ambiguous ending but that's to be expected.
I enjoyed the book with both sides in the story I do wish she gets it in the end haaaa
It was definitely very unpredictable constantly has me in the edge :) I recommend it!!
Awesome!!!The characters draw you end and keep you wanting more...more craziness
Well constructed - the nature of the storytelling is as impressive as the story itself
Amazing book. So good with so many twists! Have y seen the movie yet but I'm excited!!
Started off a little slow but turned out to be an amazing story with twists and turns.
Just like all Gillian Flynn novels...twists and turns.  She has a wicked, wicked mind.
I read this book before going to see the movie.  It is excellent,  and I recommend it.
Could not put this book down...loved it...I will purchase other books by Gillian Flynn
Great book! The twists and turns in the story and the wild ending, what's not to love.
It was such a good book, it took turns that I never saw coming and I def recommend it.
A great read that keeps you on your toes from start to finish!!!!! Loved every minute!
Kept me turning the pages.  Liked the twists and turns and alternating points of view.
Gripping and unpredictable and creepy all at once. I could not put it down until done.
The creepy factor alone makes this a FABULOUS read. This is the first book I picked up this summer and couldn't put it down. I was so sure I had it all figured out, when a major twist occurred, and then when I figured it out again...NOPE! I was totally wrong again! This book is a great study into the mind of a true sociopath and the commentary on parenting is not hard to miss. I loved this book. I don't often hope for a sequel, but I am for this one.
It was a great story, great twist, well written, and never boring. On the contrary, it starts well and gets better.I was slightly worried when I noticed the ""diary"" style at some point, since I do not like ""diary books"". This is not such thing, it is actually an amazing insight into ""hers"" and ""his"", the psychology of a couple, lies, a deep connection and ... how nothing in life is truly objective. History is written by those who win.
OMG!  This book was just full of surprises right up to the very last page.  Loved it.
That plot twist made my stomach drop. I've never felt that that while reading before.
Fast paced and interesting written in alternating narratives.  Didn't want it to end.
Crazy book. Read book first obviously and then the movie. Movie did the book justice.
I am glad I read the book before I saw the movie.The ending was a real shocker a real
A great read!  Now I want to see the movie to see if Hollywood did this book justice.
Very good read.  Kept things moving and turning.  Hated the ending but so be it.  LOL
Amazing!  Couldn't put it down!  I litterally have recommended it to everyone I know.
Love all the details the author explains about the character's feelings and thoughts.
Great book!  Had to read the last page twice to get it.  I greatly enjoyed this book.
Great book. If you like suspense, definitely read this. I was stumped the whole time.
Always keeps you guessing. Lots of twists and turns you aren't expecting. Great book.
Once I got into this book, I could not put it down.  Now I will go and see the movie.
Awesome book.. I couldn't stop reading it.  Lots of twist an turns keeping me engaged
Very intense.  Crazy story but can see how it could happen.  Enjoyed the whole story.
Best book I've read in awhile !!! Finished in two days because I couldn't put it down
Great book!  Never thought it would end the way it did!  Can't wait to see the movie!
The ending was a surprise and a bit of a disappointment but loved how it was written.
Great book. Lots of twists. Excellent character build up. Would definitely recommend.
Great read! Exciting, surprising, shock factor, all the things I love in a good book.
It keeps you interested, and it keeps moving! Very good! I would recommend to anyone!
I couldn't put this down.  I saw the movie today.  It was almost as good as the book.
Brilliant, riveting, couldnt put it down! I sometimes speed read but read every word!
Best novel I've read in a long time. Very well written.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Lots of twists and turns in story. Keeps you guessing . I loved it. A very good read.
glad this is being made into a movie ... one of the most interesting plots I've read!
Really kept my interest.  I am looking forward to reading more books by this author.
Keeps you reading to the very end. Multiple plot twists, an excellent mystery novel.
Well done! Haven't been so surprised by a story since Fight Club! Excellent Mystery!
Saw the movie first and the book gave insight to the 'holes' in the movie.  Love it!
AWESOME! The story has more twists than a corkscrew. Kept me hooked to the very end.
Hard to get started but once in I was gone!  Twists and turns all the way to the end
What a great book.Full of surprise. I will definitively read this author other book.
Wow--although I must admit I peaked ahead at a synopsis, I really enjoyed the twist.
Highly recommend it. Not what you expect  The book is so much better than the movie.
Loved it! So much better than the movie, but then again, isn't this always the case?
Kept me up at night reading...devouring it.  Husband reading now and loving it, too!
Wicked plot and twists.  Sometimes nerve wracking, in a good way.  Much fun to read.
One of the best books I've read in a long time! Great twist and turns and surprises!
Good story - kooky and complicated themes.  Now I'm more motivated to see the movie!
I enjoyed this book thoroughly. Great plot with lots of much-appreciated subtleties.
Love it! Was not expecting that ending but think that's what made it so interesting!
All I  can say is this novel reminded me how I enjoy reading and it brought me back.
very suspenseful, I did not like the way it ended but it leaves room fot Gone Girl 2
Gillian Flynn knows how they think.  She also knows that sometimes the monsters win.
A lot of twists and turns.  Keeps your interest to the end.  Didn't like the ending.
First book I've read in a long time. Totally enjoyed and can't wait to see the movie
Great book!  Couldn't put it down until I finished it!  Suspenseful and a good read!
An excellent assessment of evolving marital relationships with a truly alpha female.
Excellent Read. once you through with 30-40 pages, then you cannot drop till finish.
Couldn't put this novel down. Every chapter had new and unexpected twists and turns.
Fantastic and twisting. Just when you think you had figured it out, it twists again.
Great read! Suspenseful and gripping read. It was hard for me to put the book down!!
This book is amazing! Just when you think you've got it figured out...BAM new twist!
I loved this book even more than the movie. Great story and a page turner for sure.
Great book. Better than the movie. Highly recommend. Didn't see that ending coming.
Read the book first! It's much better than the movie. Great beach read/page turner.
Great book.  Many twists and turns and does not end the way you think it would. WOW
A GREAT READ. SLOW TO START BUT GATHERED STEAM AND ULTIMATELY COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN.
This is a great read.  Could not put this book down and found it full of surprises.
A brilliantly written novel, thrilling and devastating and twisted to the last page
Great read!  Stayed up late wanting to read more and more.  Love having the Kindle.
better than the movie..i recommend that you read the book before watching the movie
Very interesting and keeps you on your toes throughout the novel, I recommend it :)
Loved this book! If you seen the movie then you need to read the book. Book better!
I'm not really sure why everybody hated the ending I thought the ending was perfect
A tense and well plotted story. Well written. Do not expect to be happy at the end.
This is a great book with twists and turns that will shock you!!  Loved the ending!
The ending was not the greatest. But the entire book kept me interested. I LOVE it.
very well written............could not put it down.............loved the characters
Very well-written novel, filled with surprises! It kept me reading all night long!!
Great book, much different than I thought but loved the twists and turns throughout
Captivating. Entertaining. Never an eye-roll moment. Never a boring page. Loved it.
Excellent book with many twists and turns. I can only hope the movie did it justice
Not at all what I was expecting. What a creative writing format. Lots of surprises.
Interesting ending-- took a while to get into it, and then I was hooked.  Good book
i enjoyed this book to the very end i would pick it up and notvwant to put it down.
Great book. Never saw the end coming until it was right in front of me. Great read!
Very well crafted novel. The style of each one narrating hie/her side is different.
Surprises throughout the book, but a very unsettling ending.  couldn't put it down!
I loved this novel.  I enjoyed the plot twists and the ending was very very creepy!
Great read! Twists and turns that even a well seasoned mystery reader cannot guess.
Twists and turns to keep you guessing and you will still get it wrong.  Loved it!!!
Mom loved this book, couldn't put it down!  Sure am glad I got her the Kindle Fire!
Great story. Fast reading. Twists with every chapter.  Can't wait up see the movie.
Great read!  Lots of twists and turns - now reading Sharp Objects by Gillian Flynn.
Amazing novel. Keeps you guessing the entire time. I can NOT wait to see the movie!
I had a very difficult time putting the book down! You could just feel the tension?
REAL FAST PAGE TURNER..DON'T START UNLESS YOU HAVE TIME TO CONSUME THE WHOLE THING.
Fantastic book!!!  Can't wait to see the movie, but so glad to have read the book!!
So many twists throughout the whole book, loved every word and couldn't put it down
This book was one of the best I've read in quite some time. I couldn't put it down.
Slow start but after a few chapters, could not put it down! And the ending? What???
Very good book - so many unexpected twists and turns, I read this over just 2 days.
Well written,  highly recommend it. ...did not like the ending.  Still a good read.
Riveting read...  I didn't want to put this book down...  Can't wait for the movie!
A disturbing book, but couldn't put it down. My husband even read it in a few days.
That's how good this book is! The first half or so is rather depressing, but then BAM!  I finished this book feeling a little dazed, like someone just slapped me upside the head. The planning, the attention to detail, the execution was just so perfect. I would turn to my husband reading next to me, look at him funny for a while, then repeatedly ask ""You know I love you, right?"" This one will keep you up really late at night.
I loved how the author kept me on my toes and kept me guessing as to what happened
just reviewing this book makes me want to read it again. very entertaining. thanks
A fantastic read, really suspenseful and unexpected.  Great characters and twists.
Riveting!  I could hardly put it down and I looked forward to reading every night!
One of my favorite books.  VERY entertaining psychological thriller!  A must read!
Excellent read. Could not find a stopping place so read until completed . Yes ....
Loved this book . It had a slow start but I stuck with it and was very glad I did.
Really good suspense and mystery novel. It is a must read before seeing the movie.
Loved this book!  Kept surprising me throughout the book.  I couldn't put it down.
I love this book! Such a dark and twisted story. You won't be able to put it down!
Couldn't put it down.  Excellent plot, characters and writing.  Super fun to read.
This book was as good as everyone said it was. I loved it and highly recommend it.
Great story!  Recommend to anyone looking for a different perspective on life.  :)
Terrific thriller....keeps you engaged throughout the book. Very interesting plot.
Thrilling plot will keep you reading.  Nicely written.  Characters are well drawn.
GREAT MYSTERY BOOK!  Read this in 3 days.  READ THE BOOK BEFORE YOU SEE THE MOVIE.
AMAZING book. I read through it in a few days because I just couldn't put it down.
bit hard to follow the first 1/4 of the book, but stick to it....it's really good!
One of the most enjoyable books I've read this year.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Purchased at the suggestion of my daughter-in-law.  Very gripping.  A page turner.
I really enjoyed this novel.  Well written and different.  Intelligent characters.
It was funny, poignant and so well written from the perspective of the characters.
Excellent book; so many twists; totally surprised; looking forward to the film now
Amazing book, could not put it down, left me wanting more! Had to see the movie!!!
Fantastic page burner.  Could not put the book down.  A psychological mind bender.
I thought the book started a bit slow, but shortly into it I couldn't put it down.
I wish it would have ended a bit differently however, it leaves room for a sequel!
A GREAT BOOK!!!!! It is in my top 3. I immediately started one of her other books.
Great book! Edge of your seat can't put it down kind of book! Highly recommend it.
Awesome book. Saw the movie Tuesday, 10/7/14. Have to say, enjoyed the book better
This is a great book.  Both Nick and Amy deserve each other.  They are both crazy.
Well written and a got ya story. Now I will be disappointed in the movie for sure.
I was on the edge of my seat!  It is full of surprises.  Can't wait for the movie!
Great book
In spite of seeing a sloppy interview of Gillian Flynn on The View, I decided to purchase the novel.  Once I began reading, I didn't want to put this novel down.  The characters were odd, but believable and the story had so many interesting twists and turns. This story definitely appealed to the scorned woman in me. I look forward to reading ""Sharp Objects"" to see what interesting characters Ms. Flynn will come up with next.
I recieved it quickly ... it was so neat and new ... i dont think it was used ...
On the edge of your seat-read the book so quickly because I couldn't put it down!
The book is ALWAYS  so much better than the movie. this book was EXCELLENT read!!
Very good book. Lots of choice language though. Definitely for an older audience.
This book has sparked my love for reading again! I'm recommending it to everyone.
Awesome! Movies don't normally bother me, but she scared the...........out of me!
Very riveting. Suspenseful. Liked knowing who the characters were from the movie.
Interesting characters. Lots of twists and turns keeping you guessing to the end.
Great book- keeps you wondering until the end. Skip the movie, stick to the book.
Plenty of twists and good plot. The characters are well developed and believable.
I have not read it.  My girlfriend was all into it and really enjoyed reading it.
All kinds of unexpected plot twists to keep you interested. Couldn't put it down!
A true page turner and wild to the end. And the end is truly a crazy surprise!!!!
Awesome book....I've recommended to a bunch of friends and they all loved it too!
Kept me enthralled from beginning to end. Best thriller I've read in a long time.
You just want to continue reading as each chapter gets more and more interesting.
This was simply excellent.  I loved it and I recommend it to anyone and everyone!
Fantastic book with the unexpected twits Flynn is known for. Well worth thecread!
Great read.  Full of twists and turns.  Not what I was expecting. . . . . . . . .
Loved this book. Lots of twists & turns. Ordered two more books from this author.
Keeps you guessing, I understand all the excitement a out this one and the movie.
i found it difficult at the very beginning, but i stuck with it and it was great.
a real page turner with twists to keep one wondering how she was going to end it.
LOVE IT! I like everything about this story. Definitely one of my favorite books.
Many twists and turns.  Could not put book down.  Great story and clever writing.
Immensely readable, can't put it down story, but I wasn't crazy about the ending.
Very good read. All the twists and turns will keep you reading. Hard to put down.
I thought it was very interesting and true to life. Anxiously awaiting the movie.
Great bok!  Well written and the story keeps you guessing right up until the end.
Looking forward to this movie! Hoping it will capture me as much as the book did.
Page turner and gripping. A lot of twist and turns until the very end. Great book
Great story teller, so many twists and turns and plot changes, I loved this book!
It was great I really enjoyed it a ton so great I loved it a lot so much yes okay
I absolutely loved this book!  I am sure most who did not like it were not happy about the end. I thought that was creepily perfect!  When you have psycho, messed up characters, sometimes you get psycho, messed up endings.  Can't wait to go back and get her other books!
Best book I have read in a long time. Very suspenseful and the twists are crazy!
Bitch is crazy"" is a very apt description of the main female character.
This is a great book with a very unexpected ending. Keeps you hooked throughout.
Excellent story!  Really had me fooled there for quite a while. A real thriller.
well written, complex plot--so much better than the movie.  And correct grammar!
I LOVED this book! Def worth the read. The book kept me guessing and entertained
I would give it 6 stars if I could! If you liked the movie you'll love the book!
Great twist and turns throughout the story.  Unpredictable ending... I loved it!
Okay story. I like a story that keeps you reading. They sent book right on time.
Great book. I was a bit surprised at the ending. Do recommend it worth the read.
One of the best novels i have read in years.  The movie was a bit of a let-down.
Very interesting.  Impossible to figure out what was going to happen in the end.
Kept me wondering what was going to happen next.  Now I want to watch the movie.
Twisted, but believable, I truly think some of the woman I know could be an Amy.
One of the best reads this year.  I also just saw the movie and it's very close.
Great read!  Don't think you know how it's going to turn out until the very end.
As many twists as a pretzel but able to grab your interestHighly recommend
Fast moving, hard to put down. Better than the movie.  Very realistic characters
A crazy messed up story but I loved it! Thrilling! Really thought of everything!
Awesome book! So many twists and turns. Read it in a week while going to school.
Unpredictable, smart. I couldn't stop reading this book! I totally recommend it.
Excellent!  Well written and portrayed 2 very different  people who seemed real.
Loved this book!! Brilliant author. Had to order her other two books after this.
This was a really great book- lots of twists and turns.  I couldn't put it down!
GREAT PSYCHOLOGICAL THRILLER....TOTALLY SURPRISING AND COMPLETELY UNPREDICTABLE
1st book I had read in awhile & this was a good one. I hope there is a sequel!!
This was a rarity in that I liked the book and the movie. Would recommend both.
One of the best books I have read all year. I love all of the twists and turns.
Excellent! Really surprising twists in plot. A must read. Couldn't put it down.
Great book, keeps your attention, and a fast read. Can't wait to see the movie.
Couldn't put it down it was so good, however, I was disappointed in the ending.
Great read...It kept my interest and kept me guessing all the way to the end...
Very suspensful. I did not want to put the book down.  I want a follow up book.
Excellent read, lots of twists and turns throughout the book. Hard to put down!
Not finished yet but is very exciting, it just keeps getting better and better!
It was wonderful, except for the ending!  When you read it you will understand!
Once I got 1/3 of the way through... I never wanted to stop reading this book!!
Great book. Now I can't wait to see the movie to see if it lives up to the book
Keeps you guessing the whole time.  Mysterious and disturbing at the same time.
LOVE the audio version. It's read by male and female for diff roles. Great book
My first read of hers, but I enjoyed immensely! The writing is savvy and funny.
One of the most interesting books to date.  So many unexpected twists and turns
Suspenceful! The story has a very unusual plot....one just cannot stop listeng!
ALMOST FUNNY AT FIRST...TRIED TO TAKE IN EVERY WORD....IM REREADING! THEN MOVIE
once you start readi g this book it will get you hooked, a definite page turner
I really enjoyed the book. Very unusual story but kept me reading  till the end
Just when you think the story couldn't get crazier.... It does and in a big Way
Could not put it down, but it did not really end, I hope there is a second book
Great book - loved the twists and turns in this one. Definitely worth the read.
A great mystery. Took a little while to get started but was well worth the wait
gripping, quick read. The kind of book you just cannot put down once you start!
Loved it!  Can't wait to see the movie and hope the movie reads like the book!!
Very good book.  Provides a different twist and certainly holds one's interest.
Amazing and full of twists that I never saw coming. I could barely put it down.
Incredible writing!  A page turner.  Must read Flynn's other offerings.BK
Just when you have it figured out ,o'Henry seeps in and turns you around,often!
Intriguing novel; couldn't put it down.  A great beach read!  Loved the ending!
Welcome to the big time Gillian Flynn. Formerly a writer with ""Entertainment Weekly"" Ms. Flynn has turned out a masterpiece. I could not put this down and lo and behold it jumps on the National Best Sellers at Number 2. (It's fun to pick a winner) This will grip you and disturb you, it would be unfair to reveal one word of the plot. Just read it!  The characters will linger on in your physche. Don Wardell
I really liked the book. Looking forward to watching movie which I have taped.
Great book ! Has the reader in suspense to want to know what is happening next
Fantastic book!  Didn't see that ending coming.  Look forward to the next one.
captivating story.  I couldn't put it down.  The movie was a travesty, though.
AMAZING book! Definitely recommend! All of Gillian Flynn's books are great. :)
Gillian Flynn writes a disturbing novel (again) and it is so hard to put down!
Brilliant book...would highly recommend it...loads of twists to the very end!!
Great book, starts out a little slow but it picks up and was hard to put down!
Fantastic suspense... It will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time
Great read.  A little slow for me to get into but then I couldn't put it down!
This book was a real page turner. It is pretty graphic, but still a good read.
Excellent! It is exciting throughout the entire story - - hard to put it down!
Did not expect that!  Awesome read!  Kept my attention!  Definitely recommend.
So much easier to read on my kindle, loved it!!! Now cannot wait to see movie.
A must-read! If you have watched the movie, you'll definitely enjoy this book!
The writing was excellent.  The characters were mesmerizing,and unforgettable.
very well written. kept ur interest all the way through. great read! loved it.
It keeps you on edge the whole time! Very witty with unexpected turn of events
Takes a lot of twists and turns...was hard to put down. The ending was abrupt.
Twists and turns! Loved it!  Will definitely be reading more books from Flynn!
ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT.  But, like a lot of others, i did not care for the ending
Lots of twists and turns, kept you guessing until the very end. Good reading!!
This has to be one of the best books I have read in a long time!!! I loved it!
A WOW of a book with twists and turns that wouldn't let me put my Kindle down.
Great book! Harsh language! It was a real mind twister though. Left me reeling
It is a page turner. It gives being trapped in a marriage a whole new meaning!
One of the best books I've read in a long time - lots of twists & turns to it!
With all the twists and turns, I just had to keep reading to see what happens!
This was my first read with this author and I must say her writing style attracted me and kept me interested. I like books with unexpected and not necessarily happy endings.  The story did not disappoint.  I am now reading Dark Places, the author's first book.
Fantastic and smart.  It will keep you on the edge of your seat.  Great read.
Fantastic read! Very psychosocial and deep. A book I didn't want to put down.
One of those books that when you start you can't put down till it's finished!
I cannot put this down!  I'm determined to read it BEFORE watching the movie.
Great book to keep you guessing.....not sure I am a fan of the ending though!
This was a great book that draws you in for the ride and does not disappoint.
Great story and structure. I doubt the film could replicate this effectively.
This was a great read. Many twists and turns to keep you interested. Love it.
Book better than the movie (as usual). Excellent view of a psychopath's mind.
Love having these free prime books to have on my kindle, so much information!
Great read! Be ready to get sucked into this twisted world, hard to put down.
I REALLY liked the mystery elemental written..now I want to see the movie.dgk
Slow to start but stay with it.  Full of suspense and It keeps you wondering.
Hard to make it through the first few chapters....then you can't put it down.
I can't wait for the sequel to this novel. It left me on the edge of my seat!
This is some of the most creative writing I have ever read. Highly recommend.
The movie is 98% to the book. Great writing and what a great twist of events!
Couldn't put the book down.  Unbelievable.  Suspense.  Hard on women and men.
Great writing.  Kept me guessing.  Also refreshing to hate both protagonists.
So well written. A very easy read.  Enjoyed the movie as much as the book!!!!
Suspenseful and full of plot twists. I couldn't wait to pick it up every day.
Very expressive style of writing with lots of twists. I very much enjoyed it.
This a great book for any one and the suspense is to die for.....entertaining
Loved the book but hated the ending.  However I can see why it ended that way
This was a real shocker. Not much surprises me, but this did. Worth the read!
I loved it. Well the ending sucked, but that's what everyone has been saying.
A real page turner.Keeps you guessing at what comes next throughout the book,
can't stop reading this - great mystery novel with multiple twist.  Fun Read.
Excellent excellent book! Great writing style, I really could not put it down
Just when you figured it out, you didn't. Have to read to the very last page.
obsessive read. i suspect it will be better than the movie, so read it first.
Best book ever ! Can not wait for the movie and to also read her other books.
Great plot and a twist to the theme: 'hell has no fury like a woman scorned.'
First chapter is odd, but once you get past that, you can't stop reading it!
Very good book, was surprised! Keeps you involved and searching for answers.
First 200 pages I said ok I will keep reading then I could not put it down!!
AWESOME!! will grab you by the short hairs and keep you inhaling each word!!
a great read, a bit slow to start but stick with it, you'll be glad you did!
Great read, full of surprises, spellbinding. I could not put this book down.
Great book!! Fantastic writing style, thrilling plot, an absolute must read!
This is a MUST read if you have not seen the movie. I will read this again..
A lot of twists and unexpected things happen.  Hard to put down.  Good read.
I love a story that makes me angry but in a good way and this did just that.
This one sucked me right in at the get go and I just had to finish the book!
Very interesting.  Book much better than the movie & I so enjoyed the movie!
Love this book - not sure I want to see the movie.  Books are always better.
Full of surprises ---  fast moving -Did not want to put the book down,
This book did not disappoint! Very interesting read. I couldn't put it down.
I could not put this book down. There are so many twist and turns. Loved it!
Had a bit of trouble getting started but then.....Wow!  What a mind twister.
LOVED this book. It really keeps you on edge!! There needs to be a part two.
Full of twist and turns, never knew how it might end. A really awesome read!
Very hard to put down, so many mixed emotions throughout the book. Loved it.
Great book kept my interest throughout I highly recommend reading this book.
Great Story Line! Keeps you turning the pages to find out what happens next!
Top of the mark. Didn't care for ending giving into the evil wife. Not good.
Haven't seen the movie but I really enjoyed the book. I recommend it highly.
Well written, interesting story, odd, unexpected ending.  Is there a sequel?
Excellent book and it captures Amy's perspective even better than the movie.
Excellent box, fascinating subject matter, keeps you intrigued.  Enjoyed it.
This book had me hooked right from the beginning.  I did not want it to end.
So many twists and turns. Glad I read the book. Still want to see the movie.
Gripping tale of marital strife with unexpected ending.  Keeps you guessing!
Great read.  Ending was a surprise.  Recommend read book and then see movie.
Well written, relatable characters, deep plot twists. Could not put it down.
Loved the book so much that I may read it again even after seeing the movie.
A true psychological thriller. Gillian Flynn outdid herself with this novel.
Fabulous book.  Kept me intrigued throughout.  Now can't wait for the movie.
this is a great read. it's different from any book i've ever read! loved it!
This book was written differently than any book I have read before, with one persons view and then the next chapter being the other persons view.  And it continues that way.  I wasn't sure about how I would like it or if I would continue to read it but it did capture me.  I haven't finished yet but I can say you won't be dissappointed, this book gets a big WOW from me.  Incredible twists.
great book One of my top 3 ever read fast to transfer to kindle 2 thumbs up
Awesome book!  Kept you guessing until the very end.  Couldn't put it down.
This is one of the best books I've read in a while. Keeps you on your toes!
Twist after twist, just when you think you got if figured out....you don't!
This book is full of suspense and actually a deep study of human character!
So much more to this novel than meets the big screen.  Well worth the read.
I thought the book was slow then medium then it just got really interesting
best book I have read in awhile  movie only touched on a small part of book
was hard to put the book down. But to be honest i didn't like how it ended.
One of the strangest books I've read for a long time.  I really enjoyed it.
Page-turner. Interesting construction. Looking forward to seeing the movie.
Great book!! I can't wait to see the movie now. I highly recommend reading.
terrific book. I read it after the movie and would suggest you do the same!
Commentary of life/people as viewed by the main protagonists is exceptional
A great read.  Didn't know what was going to happen.  Kept you in suspense.
Loved this book.  Kept me guessing.  So many twists.  Will read this again.
A can't-put-it-down, intelligent, suspenseful read!  Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Amazing story - I couldn't put it down! Highly recommend for a great story.
Amazing book from beginning to end!  I've been recommending it to everyone!
Amazing Amy is the Scarlett O'Hara of the twenty-first century.  Good read.
New book, arrived in perfect condition and on time when it was supposed to.
I loved it!  Full of twists and turns that keep you guessing!  A must read!
Excellent thriller and page turner. Read the book before you see the movie.
Great book, lots of twists and turns. Will keep you guessing until the end!
Great read. Lots of unexpected twists and turns. Literally a page turner!!!
What a ride! A nice, refreshing change in an otherwise played out storyline
Well written with captivating characters - *and* a delicious plot 'gotcha'.
What a terrifying twisted story! It keeps you guessing throughout the book!
Amazing novel! I couldn't put it down and I loved all the twists and turns.
This book kept me up at night.  I literally could not put it down.  The best kind of summer read.  A psychological thriller that had me drop-jawed numerous times.  There are some fine points in the mystery that someone could take issue with, but Ms. Flynn's writing-style had me at the first chapter, hook, line and sinker.  Everything a good summer vacation read should be . . .  and more.
I have to say Gone Girl was THE best book I've read so far this year!! Totally unpredictable mystery!!! The book kept my emotions for the characters going back and forth. Most of the murder mysteries I've read this year have been good but very predictable...the way Gone Girl is written, you're never sure!!!! I loved that!!!Lots of surprises!!! Would love to see this made into a movie!!!
Gone Girl is one of the most captivating books I have read in a long, long time. I love to read suspenseful novels with original plots. This literally held me captive one weekend, it was filled with unpredictable twists and turns. I couldn't put the book down until I completed it. I don't want to say anymore and ruin the story. Let me end by saying it's definitely a must-read. Enjoy!
Very dark, but this was a total page turner with lots of clever surprises.
<3 page turner....told the hubby to golf during vaca so I could read!!
I couldn't put it down. I wanted more, was not ready for the story to end.
I loved this book after seeing the movie. I really like Gillian Flynn now.
Thriller til the end.  Keeps you guessing.  You won't believe how it ends.
So So Good. Buy it, Read it, Watch it. So Good I Could Hardly Put It Down.
It gripped me from the first page. Fantastic read that keeps you guessing.
Great book, great price, can't best finding this on Amazon! Fast shipping!
I didn't want to put it down!  I had no clue how it would end. Great book!
Riveting story full of bends and twists to give you a good mental workout!
I enjoyed the book more than the movie so glad I purchased the book first.
Great reading with so many twists!!  Dateline will never be the same.  :-)
I have not seen the movie just yet, but the book is awesome. An easy read.
Very pleased with how quickly the book arrived! Also, the book is awesome!
i had a hard time putting this book down.  It was surprising at every turn
Story kept me guessing!  Still guessing and wondering what is coming next.
Very interesting read, couldn't put it down, has many unexpected twists :)
Great book that made me have a love/hate relationship with the characters.
Everything people say about this book is true. Was impossible to put down.
Wow! Blown away by this novel, such a great read that I couldn't put down!
Great book  Kept you guessing.  Dissapointed in the ending but a must read
Excellent novel!! Suspenseful with multiple twists and turns 'til the end.
Very riveting book with lots of twists and turns and an unexpected ending!
Great read. Lesson learned: Just be yourself, facades are hard to keep up.
Slow start but really great book! Looking forward to seeing the movie now!
fantactic read.Couldn't put it down, and now I cant wait to see the movie!
Easy to read. Keeps your interest right to the end. Funny and suspenseful.
Full of twists and turns, couldn't put it down!!  Read it in two sittings!
Love the story couldn't put it down, but HATED the ending.Good Read.
Great book! I couldn't put it down.  Flynn's other 2 novels are great,too!
Great read. Lots of twists and turns and two extremely unusual characters.
Keeps you guessing until the end, then you are still scratching your head!
Really enjoyed this book.  Different from anything I've read in awhile!!!!
Loved all the twists and turns this story takes. Can't wait for the movie!
All I can say is WOW!!  Probably perfect, in every way!!Zola Wheeler
I can't wait to see the movie.  The book was very interesting though dark.
Great story, suspense and ending.  Can't wait to see the movie in October!
A great book that I could not put down. It had me guessing the whole time!
good book
Terrific! Nick's wife is gone!  It's always the husband, isn't it?  Does Nick even want his wife found?  Alive?  Amy, the wife, has left a diary. Will it explain where she is? Does it  let us know WHO she is?  Nick helps investigate Amy's disappeance; does that mean he's not gulity? Read along with Nick and Amy, but be ready for surprises!  Gillian Flynn, you have a new reader!
This book was perfect in every way. You will run the whole gamut of emotions. Don't read to much about it before hand, just buy it! You will be so glad you did. I couldn't put it down! I wish it was a series because it left me wanting more.
A really great book.  Just don't skip ahead or you'll ruin the surprises.
Great read. I read shortly after seeing the movie and loved it even more.
I loved this book. Nonstop reading and sad when I finished. a great read!
Love it n cuz I see the movie first the ending didn't disaponit that much
Loved this book and how the story flows between the lives of four people.
I hope there is a sequel. This was a great book! I could not put it down.
Brand new, received in timely fashion. Love the book more than the movie!
Excellent book. I stayed up all night reading it, I couldn't put it down!
A bit of a slow start, but once it gets under way it is hard to put down.
Very different book.  I see why it was so popular  Very. very different..
Very well written.  Definitely holds your attention for the entire story.
I really enjoyed this book very suspenseful I didn't want to put it down!
GREAT STORY WITH LOTS OF TWISTS AND TURNS  BETTER THAN MOVIE  MORE DETAIL
One of the best books I have read in a long time. I couldn't put it down!
AMAZING BOOK!!! I definitely recommend reading this! It is a GREAT story!
Kept me on the edge of my seat. I can't wait to read more by this author.
Very creepy.  I felt like I needed a shower after this.  People scare me.
Loved it!  The ending caught me by surprise, that doesn't usually happen.
I usually don't review books. This one is very good and surprise ending!!
gripping and so true regarding the behavior of anti social personalities.
One of the most capturing and beautifully plotted books I've read lately!
The trouble with Gone Girl is it is gone too quick!!  A real page turner.
I really liked it even the ending. Very well written. There were srprises
Great book. Very good book for all to read. Gets better with ever chapter
very good book, not what I expected.  I feel it leaves room for a sequel.
GONE GIRL IS A MIND BOGGLER A GOOD READ,I AM WAITING FOR A GONE GIRL # 2.
Slow start but at about the half way mark it picks up into a great novel.
Can't put it down and can't keep my emotions in check with this thriller.
A little twisted but extremely good...kinda sick and unexpected ending...
The best book I have ever read in which I didn't like a single character.
Excellent. Every time you think you know, you get hit with another twist.
Omg!  This is a very disturbing story. It still deserves a 5 star rating.
An amazing physiological thriller!  I couldn't put it done! A great read.
Loved it....could not wait until the end. Going to see the movie tonight!
A page-turner and I love the story so much that I can hardly put it down.
Had my interest from the beginning to the end and I loved all the twists.
very twisted plot the ending was unexpected.  Made want to see the movie.
Loved it. Many twists and turns. For once I didn't anticipate the ending.
This book was very well written. Plot twists and turns keep you guessing.
Unbelievably twisty  Awsome characters  Didnt see that ending coming. Wow
This was a great book! Lots of twist and turns.  Definetly a page turner.
Beginning a little slow but it got so much better!! Great book!! Loved it
great read - i wanted to know the book ending before going to the movie -
Can't wait to see the movie.  Suspenseful and so entertaining.  Loved it.
I got immediately wrapped up in this book and loved the twists and turns!
It was a veryfun book with lots of twists and turns to keep you guessing.
Can't wait to see the movie. Really good book with great twist and turns.
This was a super fun read. I love the unexpected and this book delivered.
A super novel. Ending was a surprise. I am now reading it a second time.
Great psychological study. Plot keeps your interest all the way through.
so good, i fantasize about reading it when i'm not.  cannot put it down.
i saw the movie & it was really good so still reading but so far so good
Great one! Not keen on ending though but enjoyed it all the way through.
Cleverly crafted, full of surprises.  I will read more by Gillian Flynn.
It was everything I had hoped! loved it!! I Hope the movie doesn't suck!
This was an excellent read and kept me guessing right up until the end -
Excellent novel! Definitely pulls you in and motivates you to read more!
I can't wait to re-read this to see what I missed out on the first time.
Awesome book, lots of twists and turns. Keeps you guessing until the end
Great psychological intrigue and character development. A riveting read.
Suspenseful, nail biter book. My heart was pounding throughout the book.
I'm not finished reading it, but so far I like it better than the movie.
Great book! I really enjoyed this style of writing. Loved the movie too.
Riveting. This is so well written. Intense and dramatic and funny ironic
Amazing book, well written and a great plot! But the ending felt rushed.
The writer went all out on the plot had to keep reading to the last page
Great book! I saw the movie as well and it was just as good as the book!
...absolute captivating read!!! many twists and plot changes...loved it!
What a wonderful book.  Edgy and leaves you guessing until the very end.
Great look at relationships, a little far fetched but very well written.
A person would need a special mind to write a book like this. Well done!
Fast read. Keeps you interested. I don't agree there is much of a twist.
Great reading! Wanted to keep reading until I could see how it ended....
Genius! Don't think I would want to be married to such a devious person.
twists and turns I never expected.  Can't wait to read more of her work!
Amazing book. Keeps you hooked. Can't wait to read more from this author
My wife loved it.  I read it before her and put her onto it. Great read.
I couldn't put it down. Enjoyed the book, and look forward to the movie.
You will wake up early just to read what happens next. Really good book!
twists for days!! love love loved it! reasy to see it on the big screen.
slow to start, but now I can't put it down.  I can't wait for the movie!
Thriller--- ending isn't what I'd have chosen... but still a great read.
Fantastic novel! It was dark and intriguing, and I couldn't put it down.
took a little bit to get into this book - but it was well worth the read
Full of unexpected twists and turns. This book is very cleverly written.
I began reading this and thought I had it figured out or at least somewhat but then it just knocks you over with so many surprises that you are just eager to read to you find out how it ends.  You really can't say much about the plot without giving away the story so I will just say that the Flynn has a terrific imagination.  This is sure to be a ""can't put it down book"".
With 618 reviews before mine, I think you get the picture.  Great read.  Lots of twists and turns! I did not expect the ending and I would be willing to guess these characters will appear in another novel.  I love it when I read a book that I love and find out she has written a few more.  I don't have to wait for the next few.  They are waiting for me.  Happy Summer!
I'll keep this short and sweet. Prior to this book I was in a reading depression....It had been months since I had read anything  that I really couldn't put down. This book changed all of that! I did not read any reviews prior to this book, and I'm glad because I had zero expectations and nothing was spoiled for me. I COULD NOT PUT THIS BOOK DOWN. Great summer read!
Fascinating reading, so many twists and turns.  My new favorite author!
Riveting!  It makes you wonder who the crazies in the world really are!
Gillian Flynn is obviously brilliant - - - -and a little scary...
This book was excellent!  It had surprising twists throughout the book.
A good readable book. I never figured out the true story until the end!
Loved this book.  I couldn't put it down and I don't even like reading!
This book kept me guessing.  I enjoyed all the twist and turns it took.
this is a GREAT read and I loved this story! WAY better than the movie!
Great read.  Now I must see the movie to see if it is true to the book.
One of my favorites!!! Could NOT put it down when I started reading it!
This dark thriller will keep you reading and guessing till the very end
Jaw dropping! Well written and paints a complete picture of this story.
Very well written, disappointed with the ending,  was looking for more.
Loved it. Nice easy read. Suspenseful. Can't wait to see the movie now.
Just terrific - and the end is just right- life actually is like that !
I couldnt put this book down! . Devious! Surprising! Very well written.
Slow at first,but then watch out. Just saw movie, liked the book better
This was a good read that captured me from the first page. Nice twists!
Still reading. A real page turner.  Can hardly put it down.  Great read
A surprising plot. I loved the suspense and the cliffhanger at the end.
I enjoyed every minute. Huge twists and turns make you keep reading on!
Loved the book, although the delivery took over two weeks to get to me.
Outstanding bit of writing!  Hard to put the book down, once started…..
I read this in advance of seeing the movie - hope the film measures up.
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I'VE READ IN AWHILE. HAD TROUBLE PUTTING IT DOWN.
I love the twist at the end. So different and unique from most endings.
Gone Girl keeps you sucked in with it's twists and turns. Well written.
This book I could not put down.  Hated him. Hated  her. What an ending.
Well written, beautiful crafted. This novel will have you wanting more.
A great mystery/suspense story with a twist. Unlike anything I've read.
I loved the book.  It was soooo suspenseful.  Full of twists and turns.
I couldn't stop reading this book-  it's an incredible work of fiction.
So many twists and turns. Every chapter was a new surprise.  Well done.
Such a great read! Really gets you thinking twice about the characters.
Well written all the way. A continual cliffhanger. Enjoyed it immensely
so good i read it in 2 days and then passed it on to my friend already.
Amazing book.  Took two days from cover to cover. Couldn't put ut down.
This was crazy with emotional and quizzical events with a great ending.
Excellent reading!  Really enjoyed this book!  Definitely recommend it!
This is the classic ""can't put down"" novel. A true page turner.
A great novel. Read it before the movie comes out. You won't regret it.
Wow. A little slow at the start. But wow you will never see that coming
I love her books so far, this one i thought was great.  It's such a different and original storyline, i couldn't put it down.  I'll admit the ending was a little disappointing, but it's probably what would happen in reality anyway.
An easy read with a very interesting plot.  I did not see it coming!  This the first book I've read by this author (as I saw the book reviewed in Entertainment Weekly and figured,  ""what the heck?"" ) and I'm now going back to check out her other books.  This one kept my interest throughout, and there were many times when I just couldn't put it down.  Great book.
so damn twisted - love it.  like this book need another 5 star review!
Thrilling page turner that continuously surprises up to the last page.
Unexpected twists. Kept me interested and reading late into the night.
Love it. Saw the movie along time ago, but the book was an eye opener.
Enjoyed this book very much. Am looking forward to reading the sequel.
Great summer read!  Read first, then watch the movie!  LOVE this book.
It was written with a lot of twist & turns.Left me wanting more.
A movie with a twist.  Excellent movie.  I would definitely recommend.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book! Kept me interested until the very end!
It is a great read. I was not able to stop reading even late at night.
Well written book that keeps you in suspense, great job by the author!
This is one of the best books I've ever read.  I couldn't put it down.
It was very suspenseful from start to finish! I could not put it down!
Wonderful book, purchased this for my Aunt as a gift and she loved it.
Great book, but my kindle started me in the middle of the book!  Grrrr
Loved it, very suspenseful. I read the book then went to see the movie
Did not expect the ending!  What is going to happen to the little one?
Great book! Kept me going right up to the end. I couldn't put it down!
I couldn't put it down! Lots of twists and turns. Wonderfully written.
I loved the story, did not like the writing and the bad language used.
Riveting...cannot put it down.  I am in awe of such a talented author!
AMAZING BOOK!!!!!  So many twists and turns.  Definitely worth a read!
Couldn't put it down! Great book! Looking forward to seeing the movie!
As much of a page turner as the hype predicts. I was not disappointed.
Kept this busy mom interested! I am looking forward to a sequel?!!?!?!
Real page turner. Kept me on edge of my seat and up late to finish it!
Twisted story. Great writing.Keeps you guessing what will happen next.
A completely compelling read. One of those books you are sad to finish
At last!  Something to keep your mind stimulated all through the book.
I just couldn't stop reading. Great writer, great story, great ending.
Very suspenseful.  Couldn't put it down.  Can't wait to see the movie!
Although slow to start, once it did, it was a literary roller coaster.
Great book, couldn't put it down, just saw the movie and loved it too.
A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO GET INTO, BUT ONCE I DID I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN!
The book is intriguing but it is worth reading just to get to the end.
loved this book I had no idea it would twist like it did  it was great
Loved Gone Girl, couldn't put it down. I  can't wait to see the movie.
Perfect brand new condition.Fast shipping. Excited to read it. Thanks!
So good and twisted.  An excellent read.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Well written.... Keeps you on your toes with the plot always changing.
If you like a book that you just can't put down, Gone Girl is for you.
excellent read - definitely don't see the entire ending coming at all.
Such an amazing book! Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time!!!
Condition as described, arrived quickly, and an amazing novel. Thanks!
my grandchildren love both Pou and Survival craft.  I loved Gone Girl.
Need more books this much fun to read! Intersting all the wat through!
I loved this book!  It did get a bit boring in the middle as the author bounces between the husband's story and the wife's, but keep reading as it will all make sense soon enough.  I'm not sure I loved the ending, but I certianly enjoyed finding out the truth and realizing just how twisted some people are.  Ultimately it was all tied together nicely.  Enjoy!
An incredible gathering of wit, intrigue and seriously good writing will keep you enthralled with this novel. Flynn outdoes herself with such lifelike characters, I half expected to find Nick Dunne on my doorstep, or worse, his wife, Amy. You won't guess the plot turns or see the ending coming, even the subplot is worth five stars! Just a great, great read!
If you love psycho-thrillers, you'll love this book. Think The War of the Roses, except with a wife who is brilliant, patient, and devious and a husband who is so self-absorbed that he is caught with his pants down (literally and figuratively). The writing is superb and the plot is so masterfully crafted that it surprised me through the very last sentence.
Awesome book! Keeps you on the edge of your seat until the last page.
One of the best of its genre. Read the book before you see the movie.
So good! Couldn't put it down! Amy is one crazy lady and I LOVED HER.
Thoroughly enjoyed this read.  Very disturbing but very entertaining.
Started out a lil slow but once I got into it I couldn't put it down.
Well written fast paced novel. Thought provoking, keeps you guessing.
My first novel by Gillian Flynn but I was certainly not disappointed.
Could not put this book down!  Better than the movie!  Fast delivery!
The best of Flynn's books! The others are still worth reading though.
Kept my interest through the whole bookLots of twists and turns
Great story.  Had to get the book finished so I can watch the movie!!
After only 15 minutes, I was hooked and could not put this book down.
Interesting twist.  Author does a great job of keeping you wondering.
Quite a surprising and unusual story. It' s definitely worth reading.
This book was very good! The writer has a very scary thought process.
Slow start ,but once I got past the slow part could not stop reading.
Starts in an awkward way - once you in you turn pages. Excellent book
one of those books you cant put down keeps you interested to the end.
Keeps you guessing and you are always surprised by what happens next.
Took a while to get into it but once I did was difficult to put down.
Not fond of the writers ending choice... but still a fast - fun read.
Great read lots of twists that you didn't expect. Would recommend it.
Could not put the book diet.Great writing with many twists and turns.
Great story line. Not sure if I liked the end because it made me mad.
This was was a great read with twists and turns around every chapter.
Awesome book. My new favorite! The ending was kind of a bummer though
Couldn't put it down. Then saw the movie and it followed it to a tee!
Does a great job manipulating its audience. Definitely a page-turner!
Read this book in just a few days, couldn't put it down.  Great read.
intense but an easy and fast read.  I couldn't wait to see the movie!
Such an incredible book.  I devoured it over the course of a weekend.
Quick delivery. Great packaging. As expected. Very good book. Thanks.
Best book I have read in a long time! Had me at every twist and turn!
This book is so layered and has so many twists, it was a joy to read.
Well written exciting to read one of the I do not want put down books
It grips you from the start, and never lets go.  Best twist in years!
This novel is as good as the movie or vice versa, a real page turner!
Excelent book.  The movie was also very good - very true to the book.
The twists and turns of the plot are intriguing!  A really good read.
Glad to have read it before the movie came out. I even liked the end!
Exciting to the very end. Not sure I liked the way it ended, however.
Awesome! So many twists and turns. Very unexpected and unpredictable.
Loved this book...a real page turner, lots of unexpected things occur
I could not put it down! Incredibly well written with a unique story.
Definitely a lot of twists & turns in the plot. The ending killed me.
Many say the ending was bad, but I found it twisted and entertaining.
Loved it and couldn't put it down.  The unexpected twist was awesome.
Very engaging style of writing. Kept my interest all the way through!
Fantastic book that screws with your mind and keeps you on your toes.
A great book I couldn't put down.  Fantastic plot with lots of twists
It got to a point where I just couldn't put it down! Loved this book.
Great book and gift for my girlfriend since she loves reading novels.
Very good story well written some unexpected twists. Enjoyed reading.
Get to really dislike the main characters, but love the story telling
Another excellent thriller, I couldn't figure this out until the end!
Amazing! Best book I've read in a long time & I couldn't set it down!
Starts off a little slow then gets good. Highly recommend this book.
A little slow to start, but turned into a great psycholigal thriller
Couldn't put this down. So many twists and turns. Writing was great.
Scary story that makes one appreciate their spouse's great character
This is a good book and I am happy I read it before I saw the movie!
Wonderful book!  Such a great story.  I'm sure I will read it again.
Great suspense with WTF's moments. Loved it. I couldn't put it down.
Such an amazing read! Thriller, gets you hooked from the first page!
It carries you through to the end wondering what is going to happen.
Weird thriller with unexpected twists the movie omits.  A must read.
I've recommended it to several friends. Can't wait to see the movie.
This is a great read!  It is hard to put down.  A real plot twister!
I haven't seen the movie, but I can say that the book was thrilling!
Very spooky read! I loved it and it was a psychological page Turner!
I enjoyed this read a lot! I like a challenge when I read a mystery.
I couldn't put it down. A ""must read"" if you enjoy suspense.
Captivating thriller fromstart to finish.Brilliant work.
Very good read.  Hard to put down.  Didn't see ending coming at all.
my sister loves this one too, I just order the others in this group.
What a well written book. I love how fascinating the story proceeds.
Couldn't put this book down from beginning to end.  What a thriller.
Very suspenseful :) well written. It was hard to put this book down.
You are on the cliff the entire time! I couldn't put this book down!
I really enjoyed the book and hope that the movie can live up to it.
It was a little draggy in the beginning, but the end made up for it.
Fantastic book. So many twists and turns that made it so interesting
Excellent..................Best  ""who, done it""  I have read
loved it ...I read alot and I am seldom surprised...I was surprised!
If you are a single man and want a relationship dont read this book!
Every time I needed to stop reading it was hard to pull myself away.
Kept me thinking the whole time. great read. Surprised by the ending
Probably one of the best books I've read ever. Definitely top three.
One you'll want to read twice, for sure. So many details to take in!
I couldn't wait to pick up the book again to read; it was that good!
Excellent plot,great twists.Seriously EVIL characters!!!!  EEB
Excellent book! A real page turner...kept me on the edge of my seat!
Difficult to stop reading. Good story. So intriguing.and disturbing.
Many twists and turns.  Kept my attention! Excellent suspense novel.
Amazing book. Keeps you guessing. Love the different points of view.
Easy read and it kept my attention the whole time. Highly recommend
I did not see the end coming like the book much more than the movie
Great book! Really surprising outcome! Can't wait to see the movie.
Awesome book! Cant put the book down!! So rcciting and interesting!
Amazing book kept me guessing at every page turn. Really enjoyed it
Awesome. Gripping. Intresting. creepy. Over all... pretty dam good!
Not crazy about the ending!!  Looking forward to seeing the movie!!
Intriguing and thrilling. Interesting picture of american province.
I was totally taken with this book. Loved every minutes reading it.
Loved it! It had a twist in the 2nd section that you won't believe!
Excellent read, with an unusual twist. Not sure I liked the ending.
Rarely does a movie and book have matching quality of the same sort
Great book!  I had to stay up all night to keep reading and finish.
A well written novel  excellent , will purchase here future novels.
Very cleverly written with many twists and turns - totally engaging
Excellent writing! Haven't seen the movie, I'll get to it sometime.
great dark novel.  Unexpected twist and turns. Now to see the movie
Five stars because I finished it in two days a looooong time ago :)
Great book! So many twist and turns! And learn some life lessons...
Great book.  Happy I read it before seeing the movie.  A must read!
Loved this book!  And if a busy mom can be riveted it must be good!
Just a great book. Very well written, a must for your reading list.
Great book!  I couldn't put it down.  Well written and suspenseful.
Rebutting until the end.  I did not like the open-ended conclusion.
Cleverly written, I loved all the plot twists and unexpected ending
Very good.  Keeps you interested and you don't want to put it down.
Love this as it was full of suspense and scared the heck out of me.
Suspense filled twists and turns; Flynne's writing style is superb.
Waiting for a sequel, but still a much better ending than the movie
Had me guessing. Great insights into the dark side of human nature.
Good story that kept you guessing long after you finished the book.
Well written. Interesting ending. Great switching points of view !!
Starts slow but picks up quickly.  Good read...thought provoking...
Loved the twists and turns! Shows how deviate relationships can be.
Very easy read, could not put it down! Did NOT expect the ending...
Excellent thriller - great Suprise ending !  Got to see the movie !
Suspenseful, it was a  great book kept me on my wanting to read it.
Suspenseful and daring. Unparalleled to anything else ever written.
Great book. Suspenseful. Nice read that I did not want to put down.
A book about two unlikeable people; one ultimately redeems themself
Great book!  I ordered her other 2 novels as soon as I finished it!
Gone Girl"" by Gillian Flynn is a very well written book.  Flynn leaves the reader wondering what will happen next the entire time.  She does a great job with details throughout the book.  Flynn develops the characters along the way, all of which are very dynamic.  This book is an excellent read - I would highly recommend it to my friends.
Wow! I don't think I have ever read a book quite like this one. It was recommended to me by a friend. She said it was an unbelievable story, and she wasn't kidding. Unbelievable in a good way, not like an ""Are you kidding me? That would never happen."" kind of way. I'm not even sure how to review it without giving too much a way. It's a story that has to tell itself. It needs to unravel little by little and lead you around by the nose until you're left shaking your head in the end.It starts off pretty benign. This relatively affluent, great-looking, New York couple falls on hard times. It is their fifth wedding anniversary, and their marriage has hit a rough patch. Then, she's gone. Just up and disappears. Looks like foul play. Is it? It's always the husband, isn't it? The author deftly takes the reader through their blissful courtship, joyful early years of marriage, grueling struggle and break-down of their relationship, and ultimate culmination of their relationship.The story is told from both the husband and wife's perspectives. Each chapter alternates from Amy's point of view to Nick's point of view. Since she disappears fairly early on, much of her voice is told through her diary. Nick's is told in the present tense as the investigation proceeds. Both characters are very complex. Amy's upbringing has produced in her a perfectionist that cannot stand to be seen as anything less than flawless. Nick is a Momma's boy. He is a pleaser and charmer. Each struggles to be the other's ideal without losing themselves in the process. As their facades begin to crumble and they fail themselves and each other, things go terribly awry.This is a book that has you thinking one thing, then throws you for a loop in another direction, only to change it up and eventually leave you holding your head in bewilderment. A great read. Couldn't put it down.
SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Gone Girl is one of the most fascinating portraits of a psychopath that I have ever read. Amy Dunne discovers that her husband Nick Dunne is cheating and instead of divorcing him or having it out with him about the affair, she stages her own death so that Nick looks like the guilty party (but you don't know that until like half-way through the book). This is not her first rodeo either. Though she has never committed a crime to this scale before, she has a history of accusing people of rape/stalking when they piss her off.The story alternates between Nick's POV in the present and Amy's POV from her diary for the first part of the book. In the beginning, you love Amy. She's the victim. Nick has been emotionally distant and physically abusive. Plus, she seems naive and I can't help but feel sorry for her. Plus, Nick is a total dick in his chapters. He's too stoic and unlikeable, but he's also insecure (because of the emotional abuse he suffered as a child) and has bursts of love for his wife,  so you kind of feel bad for him too.Even after I knew beyond all doubt that Amy staged the whole thing and fabricated the Amy from the first part of the book, I still wanted her to live happily ever after and for Nick to go to jail. She manipulated ME so much in the first part of the book that even in the last bit, I was still rooting for her. That's insane. High-five Gillian Flynn. You're the man (I mean that in as non-sexist a way as possible)!This book was not only compelling plot-wise, but made some astute observations about married life and how two people can truly be in a addicted to each other in a toxic relationship. Also about women in society in general: how they often assume a personality only to attract men re: The Cool Girl. Gone Girl (at least from Amy's perspective) seems to suggest that the only way to be subversive as a woman in this world is through going after what you want, even if it means manipulating people, committing felonies, and ruining reputations.This book is technically a mystery/thriller and I don't usually read those kinds of novels. However, this book is about so much more. There isn't a ton of crappy police drama (I got Law and Order for that), which was nice. There was a lot of publicity/journalism stuff that I was like, ok, this is a little over the top. But all in all it was freaking amazing! Flynn is an incredible writer and deep, calculated thinker. If you want a book that will seriously mess with your head, this is it. Happy summer reading!
Gone Girl"" was a crazy, bizarre, suspenceful ride of surprises.  I absolutely could not put it down! Our society today, automatically looks to the husband when the wife has gone missing, it is a very natural response for most of us these days.  However, the twists and turns of this book were anything but natural or ordinary.  Great read!
Couldn't put it down. I can't believe I waited so long to read it.
Gone Girl is riveting and kept me intrigued until the last minute!
Loved it! So much better than the movie (but aren't they always??)
Since I did not see the movie, I didn't know the plot. Great book.
Hard story, but great writing! Inventive, imaginative--crazy mind!
Not the story you think you are going to read about a missing wife
Awesome!! Hard to put down!  First book I have finished in a year!
Lots of twists and turns with a surprise at the end. A page turner
Highly entertaining. I was glad that I didn't see the movie first.
Better than the movie and I loved the movie! So much more details.
Great book that I couldn't put down.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Stop reading this review and just buy it, you're in for a shocker!
quite a few twists and turns in this book, a pleasure to read too!
Fascinating read. Couldn't put it down.Much better than the movie.
a real page turner,  gripping, cant wait to see what happens next.
I enjoyed the film so much I read the book. Could not put it down.
Awesome!  l loved all the twists and turns.  Couldn't put it down!
Great book! I could not put it down. Cannot wait to see the movie.
Great book. Starts slow but when it picks up you can't put it down
I really liked it! It also helped understand the fast-paced movie.
unexpected twists and excellent writing ... couldn't put it down!!
Wonderful story that twists and turns.  It keeps you very engaged.
A little slow to start but when it got some pace it was excellent.
Great book! Amazing writing that kept me engaged and wanting more!
Couldn't put the book down! Great story would definitely recomend.
A novel filled with cheating lies murder and manipulation. Awesome
Best psychological thriller I've ever read....Highly recommend....
Amazingly vivid characters that keep you guessing the entire book.
Fabulous!  Couldn't put it down.  Gripping all the way to the end!
So good you did not want to put it down. Can't wait for the movie.
Awesome book with lots of twists and turns.  Couldn't put it down.
This is a very good book with lots of unexpected twists and turns.
One of the most entertaining books I have read in a very long time
Excellent book--can't wait for the movie directed by TYler PERRY!!
This is a page turner.  Make you rethink your partners every move.
Good read. Lots of twists to the plot. Interesting writing format.
Excellent characters. The structure made it very hard to put down.
So many twists and turns! Very fun book. Read it for our bookclub.
Really excited to start reading this! Look the smell of a new book
Started slow, but once I got throught that I couldn't put it down!
if you are looking for a well written, thought provoking mystery novel--this is it!  it may keep you guessing until the end--and then puzzled--wondering how little we know about perfect couples and the lives they hide.  the characters are complete people and it is one of the few mystery novels you could suggest for book club discussion.
FINALLY an author that writes suspense in an inventive way that kept me on the edge of my seat, couldn't put it down AND could not predict what would happen next.  Kudos. On to reading more of her books--happy!
Gillian Flynn is one of my favorite authors and this is by far her best book yet.  I defy anyone to figure out the twists and turns before they come.  It's a tour de force by an author at the top of her game.
Excellent book, full of twists and turns, not predictable at all.
Great book, hard to put it down. Kept me wondering until the end.
I couldn't get enough of the story. I wish it didn't have to end!
Excellent.  Couldn't put it down .  Male or female would enjoy it
So glad I read this before I saw the movie. Enjoyed it very much.
Excellent writing style, use of vocabulary, and interesting plot!
Excellent writing.  Astoundng twists and turns.  Really fun read.
like this the best so far of digital books, suspenseful for sure.
Great but disappointed in the ending.  I wanted the b---- to die!
Excellent book! The movie is good but the book is just excellent!
One of the best fiction books that I have read in my entire life!
Loved the book, I wasn't able to predict the ending, which I like
This is a phenomenal book.  Read this, don't see the movie first!
Amazing read.Mysterious, exciting, shocking, and wonderful.
This kept me on the edge of my seat all the way through. Amazing.
Great read, real surprising twists you never thought or expected!
Good movie.  Just as spooky as the book. Good actors. Believable.
Quite exciting read and interesting outcome, not what you expect.
Incredible book. I would be walking and reading at the same time.
looking forward to seeing the movie. wonder how it can be as good
Great read, couldn't put it down. Kept me guessing until the end.
found it hard to put it down once I started to read it GREAT READ
Fabulous read.  Just keeps you guessing at every turn!  Loved it.
This was a gift. Recipient reports ""I can't put it down!
kept me guessing the entire book.  And the end was a real kicker!
Well developed characters...lots of twist and turns.  I loved it!
Gripping!!  I couldn't put it down.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Very suspenseful...but I hated the ending!!! I'm not over it yet!
Absolutely love this book! I can't wait to go and see the movie!!
Amazing!  So many twists and always another bigger than the last.
crazy twisted plot , true enough to be true, greatly entertaining
fantastic--beautiful description--mastery of mystery--a must read
I enjoyed it so much the first time that I am rereading the book.
Wasn't sure where the story was going, but thoroughly enjoyed it!
This book takes many unexpected twists and turns... A great read.
Started a bit slow, but was awesome! Can't wait to see the movie.
Thrilling and exhilarating---this book will keep you on the edge!
BEST BOOK EVER !! I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL FRIDAY TO GO SEE THE MOVIE!!
Kept me engaged. There was a movie similar to this sometime back.
Among the best books I've read ... and won't let my husband read.
Great read, will read more of this author and the similar styles.
Fabulous story that keeps you guessing right up to the last page.
If you've not read Gillian Flynn, you will now.  Again and again.
This is the first time I have read anything by Gilliam Flynn and I loved it. It is one of those can't put down books.Something goes wrong in a marriage and then the fun starts.Initially,you are torn between the two but as time goes on, you are befuddled. This book kept me guessing until the very end. Great psychological thriller
Loved this book, it kept me guessing the entire time. Must read!
Book is much better than the movie!! Full of suspense! Loved it!
Great book! Unlike anything I've read and an outstanding ending!
So many twist and turns. Kept me on the edge till the very end .
It was a real page turner with a fabulous and unexpected ending.
Great novel.  Saw the movie first and the book was just as good.
Read this before the movie came out and it was hard to put down.
It was a well written book. It was very suspenseful. Great book.
Gillian Flynn does it again. First sharp objects,then Gone girl.
Very interesting. I didn't expect the outcome to be what it was.
It was entertaining and questioning until the end. I enjoyed it.
Very good, I could not put it down. Now I need to see the movie.
The ending could have been a bit better, but still a great read.
glad I read it.  kept me interested thru-out. would recommend it
Great book...I can't wait to read the other two by Gillian Flynn
This woman is a psycho and a murderer, but very sly and cunning.
Figured it out early on but the ending was good.  enjoyable read
Intrigue and suspense throughout the book. Couldn't put it down.
Fantastic, suspenseful book. Creepy too, I couldn't put it down.
Awesome book! Couldn't put it down. Now I'm ready for the movie.
Great page turner of a book! I would recommend others to read it
Amazing, suspenseful book. It was delivered promptly. Thank you!
Amazing thriller! Couldn't put it down! Can't wait to read more!
Ordered for my daughter she said best she's read in a long time.
Well written, but unexpected ending looking forward to the movie
Exciting from beginning to end.  Keeps you wondering what's next
Great plot.  Enjoyed the author's approach to telling the story.
Fascinating book, extremely well written.  Couldn't put it down!
A little difficult to get into, but definitely worth the effort.
I had a hard time putting it down.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Interesting novel.  Keeps you up all night readimg!  I liked it!
A terrific read that will keep you guessing all the way through!
Not many books catch me off guard or surprise me.  This one did!
Fabulous. Kept me on the edge until the very end. Wicked people!
Very good.  I could not lay it down just had to keep on reading.
Great, movie won't be able to do justice to this writer's work!!
A real thriller seen from both the male and female perspective!!
This novel by Gillian Flynn was riveting, could not put it down.
This book is excellent.  Keeps the suspense going until the end.
Very interesting and not your basic crime book.  Enjoyable read.
Don't read any more reviews. They are all positive for a reason. You will be spoiling this to-be-savored gem of a novel -- a thriller, page turner -- both complete understatements. Just buy it. Don't open it until you have about 6-7 hours to ignore your job/family/life. Impossible to put down. Who did it? Who did you root for?
Purchased based on a very favourable review in 'The Australian', it completely lived up to the crit.  Apart from the interesting complexity of the story, including the multiple view points and differing time frames (don't be put off), the writing is very fine indeed.  I'd thoroughy recommend Gone Girl to any discerning reader.
I absolutely loved this book. A must read. I could not stop reading.Writing is brillant.  It took you on so many different paths each unexpected. I did not want the book to end,but I could not wait to see how it did.  Ending did not disappoint. I did not see that coming either.  Amazing wife or psych bitch.  You be the judge.
I thought it was very good - kept you on the edge of your seat!
This book keeps you on the edge of your seat! I really like it!
Great story.  Loved it!  The book is far better than the movie.
As good as the film she wrote to go with it.  Love her writing!
I enjoyed this book.  I wanted to finish it in the first night.
A wonderful book that keeps you guessing from beginning to end.
Great read. Very unexpected ending. Haven't seen the movie yet.
Amazing Book. Unique Story, well written. Couldn't put it down.
Great read, couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book.
The book and the movie were pretty much the same both very good
So many great twists and turns couldn't stop reading this book!
READ THE BOOK WHICH WAS GREAT AND INTENSE.  THEN SAW THE MOVIE.
Such a good book! Read it in half a day, hated putting it down.
An awesome book with interesting twists - couldn't put it down.
Best book I've read for a VERY long time - hated for it to end!
Lots of suspense in this story.  Fun read and hard to put down.
Love this book. I read it before I saw the movie, it was great.
A++++++. Super fast shipping and a great deal!  Thank you!!!!!!
Great book. Definitely has some twists and turns. Well written.
REALLY liked this book. Glad I read it before seeing the movie!
Gripping and unputdownable.  Want to read her other novels now.
Awesome book! Way better than movie and movie was very good too
a great story that kept my attention, no demanded my attention.
Lots of fun to read.  Looking forward to more by Gillian Flynn.
One of the best books I have read but I didn't like the ending!
Great book. I've since read her other books and liked them too.
Great book! Some very unexpected turns. Would highly recommend!
Great book! The writing was wonderful and an interesting story.
I loved the suspense and couldn't put it down..hated the ending
Very interesting & different, kept me guessing for a long time.
I couldn't put it down once I started reading it! I loved it!!!
Excellent book. Keeps you interested, well written. Great read!
Great novel, so many twists and turns, it was hard to put down.
Very enjoyable read! I liked that it was not a slow paced book.
A good read; the ending was great , not at all what I expected.
Wonderful.  Some unexpected twists and turns. Hard to put down.
I did not want the book to end.  I am excited to see the movie!
GREAT mystery. Can't wait to see the movie, already being made.
One of those books you could not put down.Lots of twists.
From the moment I picked it up, I could not put this book down.
Amazingly well written. And I can so imagine Ben Aflec 8n lead.
Slow to begin with, but ends with a bang! Highly recommended!!!
This story is pretty good.  Lots of twists,  keep wanting more.
A great novel. Lots of twists and turns. Couldn't  put it down.
A great page-turner with lots of twists!  Couldn't put it down!
Great mystery....loved every minute and I couldn't put it down.
great story!  ending just as troubling as the rest of the book!
Wow!! Couldn't put this book down. Can't wait to see the movie!
Read it in one day.  Not sure how to feel about the end though.
Great book! So many twists and turns. Definitely worth reading!
I loved this book and couldn't put it down until I finished it!
Just keeps you guessing, and so intense I couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down, it keeps you guessing until the very end.
I couldn't put this story down. One of my new favorite authors!
A thrilling, chilling, twisting exploration of love gone wrong.
Could not put it down!!!! Very very intriguing and captivating.
I loved this book!  I enjoyed the writing style from the very first chapter and the characters pulled you in immediately.  I wanted to read it whenever I had a few minutes to myself.  The main characters seemed believable but kept you second guessing yourself as the story developed.  I will recommend this to my friends.
i haven't finished reading this just yet and i can't seem to put it down. i don't want it to end. also, highly recommend another book by the same author, Sharp Objects. i read this one first and it is completely enthralling and again didn't want it to end, although is was very intense and unlike anything i've ever read.
Read this after the 50 Shades trilogy and didn't realize how bad those were until I started ready this!  I mean... 50 is fun but Gone Girls is a seriously good read.  I love the characters and the twists and turns.  I also really enjoyed the in depth looks into human behavior.Very much recommending this one!
This was a very good book. It was captivating from start to finish. I'm excited that there is a movie being made about the book. The characters are very real and seem to leap off the page. This book is definitely a page turner and worth the read. Hoping for a second book as I was hoping justice would truly be served.
Great mystery with interesting style and multiple plot twists.
Ratings were so good, I had to read it.  Was not disappointed!
Great book!! Thrilling and suspenseful!! Wonderfully written!!
Kept me on the edge of my seat had many unexpected occurrences
Excellent book!  Kept me guessing.  Definite recommendation!!!
watched the movie straight after left you thinking what's next
GOOD WELL WRITTEN READ, IF YOUVE SEEN THE FILM, READ THE BOOK!
Was a great book.  Enjoyed the audio version on my long trips.
Best book I have read in a long time.....can't wait for movie.
Slow beginning became a ""page turner"" and fascinating!
Totally engrossing. A great read! Now I want to see the movie.
Very absorbing novel. The ending was chilling but appropriate.
I loved it!Complex and I had sooo many WTF moments reading it!
THE NOVEL WAS ONE OFTHE BEST I HAVEREAD IN A WHILE FASCINATING
Wonderfully written, with lots of twists and turns. Very good.
Crazy plot but it worked. There could not be any other ending.
its the best book i have read in along time.. cant put it down
Did love this one, just liked ""Sharp Objects"" better:)
A very unusual story that kept the reader riveted to the book.
great service, fast shipping.  Book just as described.  Thanks
A great read. One I looked forward to coming back to continue.
Starts a little slow but hang in there, it's totally worth it!
This is a great book and the film based on it is a great film.
I can't wait to see how the movie is because I loved the book!
Great book with a  surprise twist, can't wait to see the movie
Very entertaining,  a true ""can't put this down"" read!
So many twists and turns....LOVED it!  Movie did it proud too!
Amazing full of twists and turns.  A real page turner. Love it
Loved it except for the ending! I kept looking for more pages!
I really enjoyed this book and found it difficult to put down!
Great book .....surprising......a bit dark.....but I liked it.
Great read. Could not put book down. Have to see movie tonight
Couldn't put it down.  I guess the author has a sequel in mind
wonderful mystery.  The book is so much better than the movie.
Twisting plot, very good read. Ending leaves you wanting more.
Fantastic read.  Can't wait to see the movie.  I smell sequel.
Loved it!  Many surprises, twists and turns.  5 stars for sure
I had a hard time putting this book down.  It was a fast read.
THE BEST READ IN A LONG TIME....... GOING TO SEE MOVIE 10/3/14
Awesome thriller!! Kept me intrigued as each chapter went by!!
Very bazaar but couldnt put it down.  Can't wait to see movie.
Great story full of twists and turns and an unexpected ending.
Even the parts I did not prefer were well-written - a classic.
Read this in one weekend at our beach house.  We all loved it!
Great read!  Very interesting story and character development.
Great retention of suspense,and as good a stream of feminine consciousness as I can recall reading.Nicholson's answer( in his role as a writer) when asked how he visualized a woman was caustic and terse: I think of a man and subtract reason and accountability.That script writer never read Gillian Flynn.
I read this book in one sitting. It was incredible. The characters are complex, the writing is smart, and the plot is endlessly engaging. I've read some reviews that state the second half of the book isn't as good as the first, and that the end is unsatisfying. I couldn't agree less with those assertions. Buy this!
This book was one of the best books I've read this year. So many twists and turns, I couldn't put it down! I would highly recommend this book to anyone that enjoys murder mystery/suspense books.
Gillian Flynn's ""Gone Girl"" is the tale of a marriage that starts out nearly perfect, but disintegrates into a nightmarish and manipulative mess when Amy Dunne goes missing on the morning of her fifth wedding anniversary.  In most cases such as this, the police first suspect the husband of foul play and Nick Dunne, Amy's husband, makes some mistakes that only seem to confirm their suspicions.That is just Part One of this thriller that kept me reading and also made me just a little crazy making up my own mind about who did what, only to change it again after another five pages or so.  This novel is a page-turner, an edge-of-your-seat look at two people who thought they knew each other when they got married, and a book that has enough twists that the reader never knows what's around the next bend.The story is told by Nick and Amy, with Nick speaking in the first person and we learn about Amy through her diary.  The couple started out happily married until each realized they didn't really know who the other one really was. Lies and deceit made them into the people they each thought they knew.The plot and the characters in ""Gone Girl"" are very complicated and convoluted, which makes the reader's chance of figuring it all not easy. Just the psychology of it is enough to give one the creeps.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and I'm looking forward to reading more by the author. This is one of the best thrillers I've read this year and the first of Gillian Flynn's books I've read.  Her first book is downloaded already on my Kindle and ready to read.
I loved this book! I didn't want to put it down-read it in 2 days. Just when I thought I had figuredit out, another mind blowing twist came. Read the 50 Shades books, but this is my favorite book of the summer by far! I have recommended it to all of my friends. It makes you think of your own marriage also.
Really enjoyed it, kept me interested all the way to the end.
Beautifully written edge of your seat psychological thriller.
I really good book to read. Has mystery and drama in the book
One of those YIKES kind of feelings when I finished the book.
Loved it, very intriguing!  I am sure there will be a sequel.
A must read. Keeps you intrigued and guessing the whole time.
Strange story, but oh so captivating! I couldn't put it down!
Warning: This book is so good, it will keep you up all night!
Very good, but hard to imagine anybody being so manipulative.
Great character development, many surprising twists and turns
What fun!  The plot twists and turns really kept me guessing.
Really enjoyed the book, looking forward to seeing the movie.
Took me a bit to get into it and then I couldn't put it down!
Gone Girl is a very good read, I would strongly recommend it.
Sharp, brilliantly well written!  Keeps me glued to the page.
Could not put this book down. A great read. Highly recommend!
Fascinating book. Keeps me interested all the way through it!
Loved this book!  A real page turner.  Could not put it down.
Great book. Love the narration and such a cliffhanger ending!
Couldn't stop reading! The movie follows the book quite well.
I felt the book started off slow, but so worth it in the end.
Awesome writing and crazy story line. I could not put it down
Still reading on I pad So far a good read scary and different
This book will keep you on the edge of your seat. Great read!
Slow beginning but stick it out and you won't be disappointed
So far so good.  It is entertaining and keeps your attention.
Excellent book! The writing was superb. Couldn't put it down.
loved it, intriguing, suspenseful and I could not put it down
A true page turner !!!!! Once started, you can't put it down.
a definite up-all-night page-turner! Better than the movie...
Best book I read in a long time. Can't wait to see the movie!
Suspenseful, well developed characters, couldn't out it down.
Suspenseful, keeps you interested, interesting writing format
Fantastic book! I was on the edge of my seat the entire time!
Great book, had me on the edge of my seat with every chapter!
Great read, suspenseful, mind-twisting with a dynamic ending.
This book had so many twists & turns, I couldn't put it down.
Excellent!  Couldn't put it down and the ending made me gasp!
Suspenseful.  Full of twists and turns.  Excellently written.
I loved the story. . .Totally kept me wanting to finish book!
Great book once I started reading it I could not put it down.
its starts off a little slow, but then grabs you till the end
Great Book. It was hard to put down. I didn't want it to end.
Exciting read which held my interest until the last sentence!
Keeps you wondering and surprise ending. Ready for the movie.
This book really kept me interested.  Read it in between meetings at a work conference, couldn't wait to get back to my room at night to snuggle up with my Kindle.  The characters were well developed, warts and all.  I'm not a huge mystery fan, but if the rest of Flynn's writing is like Gone Girl, count me in.
I'm always leary of the hype when a book is praised as this one has been.  Thankfully, it was not oversold!  The writing is clever and witty.  The main characters are both nutty but in ways that make them relateable and make you think, yeah, that sounds like something I would say.  Overall, a really good book.
I loved this book.  It was engaging from the beginning.  As I went through it - I thought I knew how it would end and then revised my idea of how it would end (twice) and loved it all the way through.  I don't usually spend this much on a book - but this was worth it!Gone Girl: A Novel
i needed it to end when it ended- couldn't take another twist or bombshell- read the book in under three days when i was supposed to be doing something else. the plot structure is brilliant; the writing imaginative and visceral; the dip into American Mall dystopia disturbing. I am an addict and need more.
Great read.  Different concept, most women can relate to it.
This book is now one of my favorites. I absolutely loved it.
Wow! She is crazy! So glad I read the book before the movie!
Very gripping story that makes you love and hate characters!
Fantastic book. So many twists and turns to this this story!
Kept me wondering how it would end until the very last page.
Don't know why I waited so long to read it....a page turner!
Liked the book much better than the movie! (Usually the way)
Very strange relationship.  Do people really live like this?
Exciting, fast paced thriller. Twists and turns all the way.
It's a very clever story.  And I'm glad I'm not one of them.
Wow. Read like a SEVERE account of every close relationship.
Creepy good!! Much more detail than the movie.. loved it !!!
Read it now! The movie was good, but the book is perfection.
The used paperback was like new and the novel was excellent!
Good read - I like to read the book before seeing the movie.
I think everyone knows by now that Gone Girl is a good read.
Great book, sad to finish the book, wanted it to keep going!
If you've seen the movie or not... the book is a must read!!
Very interesting story. Keeps you guessing till the very end
Awesome book - couldn't put it down. Would highly recommend.
Nice read, received in perfectly new and pristine condition.
So many unexpected twists and turns! I couldn't put it down!
Very long but great read! Can't wait to go see the movie now
Never a dull moment. A new twist with every page. Loved it!!
Fabulous,some twists and turns to keep the reader wondering.
Loved this book. Could not stop reading itConnie
This was a gift, delivered on time and enjoyed by the reader
Suspense at its finest, and with a cruelly realistic ending.
Very intense, fast moving SUSPENSE!!!! Couldn't put it down.
Awesome! The twists and turns make it difficult to put down.
Can't put it down. Very compelling book that you will enjoy.
incredible! humans are messed up, thanks god i'm an alien ¿?
Great read. Arrived quickly and I haven't put it down since!
Saw the movie first, but I was still captivated by the book!
I am very happy that I don't have an Amy Dunne in my life!!!
really good book... up until 2.00am most mornings to read!!!
Great book! Keeps your interest and keeps you turning pages!
Best mystery that I've read in a long, long time.  Loved it.
Loved it!! Keeps you guessing and sucks you in! A must read!
I don't have the words to describe how amazing this book is.
very peculiar mix of suspense with analysis of married life.
Great book! Fast shipping, great price for brand new book!!!
Great read, couldn't put it down. Hope the movie is as good.
Luv, luv, luv'd it!!! Can't wait for the movie next month!!!
It had a lot of twists and turns. I really enjoyed the book.
Thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish. Bravo, Ms. Flynn!
Everything you've heard about this book being GREAT is true!
I really enjoyed this book. Looking forward to movie. I thought I knew what was going on while reading, thought i had it all figured out. I didnt...not until about 3 quarters of the way through! The author writes well, makes the book hard to put down. I stayed up for hours reading it, just couldnt stop!
This book will keep you guessing.  You will think you know what's going to happen, but nope.  Amy is s very frightening character.  I loved the book.  Can't wait for the movie.  I know the actors involved will bring the story home.  Great job Gillian.  I will be reading more of her stories.  Read it!
This book absolutely drew me in from the first few pages!  I couldn't put it down.  I started neglecting my family to read just one more chapter. With its interesting plot twists and engaging ""he said""/""she said"" point of views I couldn't stop reading until I knew how it ended.  Truly great reading!!
Great plot! Better than the movie! (and the movie is good!)
Very good book. Narrator did a great job.  Surprise ending.
Couldn't put it down.  Read this before watching the movie.
This book capture my attention from the start to the finish
Loved this book. I did not know what to expect. Great twist
Suspenseful plot twists throughout. I couldn't put it down!
Great book, love the convenience of having it on my tablet.
Great book. Left me hanging at many points with plot twists
It was a fun read, twists and turns all of the way through.
Good book, maybe not so good ending. Very entertaining tho.
You will not be able to put this book down! So suspenseful!
Best novel I have read in decades. The movie was great too!
It was a quick, interesting read that was mildly compelling
Excellent page turner. Movie was great but the book better.
I thought the book was great, but the ended was terrible!!!
this was a excellent book, she was a very evil person!!!!!!
Amazing book and movie. Can't decide which one I preferred.
Loved it, couldn't put it down.  Great twists in the story!
Great book.  Gillian Flynn needs to write a sequel to this.
This was a very good book,dark at times but Def a good read
very good reading could not stop till found out the ending.
I wasn't so sure about it at first, but ended up loving it.
Intense...kept me riveted and I couldn't put the book down!
Took a while to get into it but brfore long i was hooked!!!
Great book. My first time with this author. Will read more.
Nice twist, ambiguous villain, fast paced and entertaining!
Great book.  I couldn't put it down, so I read it in a day!
Very riveting book!  Wasn't expecting the twists and turns.
It was disturbing, suspenseful and I could not put it down.
Really keeps you on reading to see what is going to happen.
Surprise ending!...but then there are surprises throughout.
So engaging and keeps you hooked on the characters insights
Very entertaining,surprises, with lots of twists and turns.
Started off predictable, then took a very interesting turn!
I enjoyed the book! It's hard to put down once you start it
Excellent. Couldn't put the book down. Ending blew me away.
Very entertaining and suspenseful. Can't wait to see movie.
Clearly amazing. Keeps you wondering. Many twists and turns
cant wait for the movie now...read read read...great book!!
Could not put down! One of the best books I have ever read.
Great read! I was completely intrigued throughout the book.
Couldn't stop reading this book, so many unexpected twists!
Loved the whole story!  The ending was not what I expected.
all the other reviews said it best. Really really good read
This book was truly a page turner.  I couldn't put it down!
the book was in excellent condition and adrrived as promise
This is deservedly a best seller.  Don't miss this cruise through a marriage in a mess.  Full of twists and turns and reversals, it reminded me that other people's marriages are indeed a mystery.  The characters are unforgettable, and down the road you will idly wonder about how it all worked out.
Gone Girl"" follows the lives of Nick and Amy, two very flawed people who lose everything they have: their jobs, Amy's trust fund and their New York townhouse. When Amy mysteriously disappears, Nick becomes the obvious suspect and an intense, nail-biting ride ensues, for both Nick and the reader.
With all the clever twists and turns in this novel, I couldn't put the book down! I literally finished it in two days, the end of every chapter begs you to continue.  I'll  be honest, I wasn't thrilled with the ending, but the rest of the book made up for it. Best book I've read in a long time.
Intriguing, gripping, twisting, can't put it down book.  Uniquely written and with a perspective not often found.  Loved it! Not sure that I loved the ending, but it surely was a terrific book! With out giving too much away...it does make you think twice about the way society can lay judgement.
Very intense characters and plot twists that surprised me!
Good read. Hard to put down. Amazingly well crafted story.
A good read, it kept me eager to discover what and who.  .
One of my favorite books ever. I actually read it 3 times.
First time reading this author, but will keep comming back
Plot twists and turns with an ending you won't see coming!
I hope the film will live up to this book, truly enjoyable
I didn't like the ending, but it was an entertaining book.
excellent read...read the book before watching the movie..
Very well written - keeps your interest till the last page
I loved the book Gone Girl!  I would almost read it again!
This is my new favorite book! Hated when it was finished !
I never get in contact with two more incredible caracters!
The author keeps you intrigued thought out the whole book!
Loved it.  So many twists, kept me guessing till the end!!
Good read - - waiting to see if Gone Girl #2 will come out
Original and utterly engaging, the opposite of predictable
Great book. Starts off a little slow then gets you hooked.
Great book- kept me ingtrigued on a couple of long flights
Great, great story. It was so good I had to see the movie.
Great book! Haven't seen the movie yet but loved the book.
Hard to see how they could make a movie out of this novel.
Amazing and so well written! Could not put this book down.
Loved it couldn't put it down from beginning to the end!!!
Can't wait to see the movie now that I have read the book!
Great story, although I wasn't too crazy about the ending.
brilliant but disturbing to see a relationship deteriorate
Almost finished reading and I cannot wait to see the movie
Loved all the twists & turns. Can't wait to see the movie.
Great Book could not put it down.  Would highly recommend.
Loved the twist and turns and can't wait to see the movie!
Very well written.....with lots of surprises.  I loved it.
Could not put it down! So well done with twists and turns!
Shockingly great!  Twists and turns and a very great read!
Definitely a book to read,  Keeps you guessing!!!!!!!!!!!!
A good read.  I can see why it has been made into a movie.
Great book! Lots of twists and I loved how it was written.
This book kept me interested and curious the entire story.
Talk about great and imaginative writing! Liked the way the author shifted the narrative perspectives from the ""hero"" to ""heroine"", and wrote good character descriptions.  I guessed midway through the book some of the things that happened but that did not deter me from reading;  very fun book!
I just finished this novel and all I can say is that it is INSANE!  In the best way possible...I haven't read a novel that kept me so interested and excited to read more in quite some time.  In fact, I even told me husband all about it because I just couldn't fathom the person who wrote this.
True, the ending was not what I wanted it to be but I never let that slip when I am perpetually recommending this book to anyone who will listen. I read it a couple months and a few books ago, but I still miss it. A true page turner, full of plot twists I never saw coming. Book of the summer.
Great read. The multiple points of view made it riveting.
Very good read,quite different,and we really did like it.
loved the book, but the ending was a little disappointing
I loved it.  Hard to put down.  Lots of twists and turns.
Exciting novel. Kept you in suspense throughout the book.
Love how the book kept you intrigued throughout the book.
keeps you guessing through the entire story.  Great read.
Could NOT put this book down! 100x better than the movie.
Best suspence  book I've read in awhile!!!! Loved it!!!!!
Best book I have read in a LONG time.  Definite must read
Keeps you on your toes - great read, couldn't put it down
Little slow in the beginning.  But I absolutely loved it.
One can see how she is building her story telling skills.
I was so excited to get this and it did not let me down!!
A super-fun read that had me guessing until the very end.
So Good!  Kept me on my toes with twists and surprises!!!
Great book.  Had me on the edge of my seat until the end.
gripping - surprises at every turn. thoroughly enjoyed it
Kept my interest to the very end! Ending wasn't expected.
Couldn't put it down. Every twist and turn had me hooked.
Suspense was killing me. I could not put this books down!
Love this book. A great thriller that keeps you guessing.
Awesome characaters and plot line. What a wonderful tale.
Not quite done but the twists and turns just keep coming!
This book was awesome...love the suspense and the twists.
Amazingly well crafted.  One of the best books I've read.
Terrible ending but fantastic read up until the 95% mark.
This book is really riveting!  An excellent page-turner!!
Great read! Looking forward to more reading from Gillian.
Great book. Keeps the suspense going until the last page!
excellant reading and kept the interest all thru the book
A very special story with more twists than Chubby Checker
WOW! Twists, turns and a very unpredictable ending.  Wow!
A real page turner. Not too happy with the abrupt ending.
Kept you guessing from start to finish. A brilliant book!
Great Read!  Going to the movie; heard it was also great.
Could not stop reading this book. Great twists and turns.
Loved the Book...kept you guessing the whole way through!
I read this one first and it had so many twist and turns!
Excellent book.  Couldn't put it down!  Highly recommend.
Could hardly put it down ... And what a surprise ending !
Great book! It's not predictable, which is the best part!
Kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the whole book.
Loved it! One of the best books I've read in a long time!
Lost two nights sleep, absolutely could not stop reading!
It was a riveting novel that you didn't eant to put down.
Excellent writing style. Kept me wanting to go back for more. I will now read other books by this author! Awesome twists and turns, which I love especially after I think I have it all figured out.. bam, I did not! One of those books you wish that did not end. Awesome highly recommend!
full of suspense. Glad I read it before I saw the movie.
The end caught me off guard. Kind of leaves you hanging.
lives up to the hype - could not put it down, no kidding
Wow, very good.  Very suspenseful and lots of surprises!
Suspenseful, great writing, can't wait to see the movie!
So well written.  Carries you along with each character.
I hated the ending of this book, but it was a good book.
I can't wait to see the movie..read it 2 days straight..
I loved the twist in the plot.  It kept me wanting more.
Best book I have  read in a long time.  Quite memorable.
Great book. Cleverly written and edgy. Highly recommend!
This book was a quick read.  I could hardly set it down.
Strange concept but well written and totally believable.
A real page turner. Can't wait to read more of her work!
Twists and turns, and an unexpected ending. Great story!
Excellent book and excellent movie both are a must buy!!
A good read, but an uneventful ending that disappointed.
Still reading it but I love the details... And the movie
Couldn't guess the ending.  Those are my favorite books!
Gripping; could not believe how the novel ended however.
One of the best reads I've experienced in quite a while.
Talk about twists and turns!  Beautiful use of language.
ONe of the best books I have read in a long time. Superb
Could not put this book down!  It was full of surprises!
Fantastic book. Great twists and turns...horrible movie.
OK I was late the the party, this was an excellent read.
Great book.  Author kept you guessing, real page turner.
A gripping story not for all to read......very emotional
It was interesting and intrigueing.  I loved the ending.
Brilliant in the details!!  So complex, so entertaining.
Twisted, tantalizing, dark and intriguing. A must read!!
Awesome story, now looking forward to seeing the movie!!
Great story with unexpected twists.  Enjoyed thoroughly.
Great read.first book that I have read in fifteen years.
It was a very good book I hope the movie is just as good
I don't even care for thrillers, this book sucked me in.
This was a great book.  I loved reading it on my Kindle.
Murder mystery.  Great characters. Couldn't put it down.
Great read that keeps you guessing.  A real page turner.
Awsome book with quite a twist.  I couldn't put it down!
I could not put the book down, can't wait for the movie.
Kept me guessing the whole way through.  Very good read.
Wow...what a book! One of the best I've read in a while.
Seller was great to work with and item was as described.
This book's characters and plot are conniving!  As a frequent reader of suspense novels I was pleasantly shocked at a few thing throughout, most times I can guess a book's outcome but Gone Girl became a gripping page turner.  It was well-written and I enjoyed the layout, great book!
I really enjoyed reading this book. I like the way it was written, leading me on a seesaw journey through the lives of two people.  First I was in her corner, then in his.  Then I thought they were both nutty.  Read and enjoy this very well written book. It will keep your attention.
This book has some major twists and turns. Yes it is a thriller that is to be expected BUT the characters themselves change! I didn't know what to think at the end. SPOILER ALERT: After much thought I decided they deserve each other. Nobody else is going to put up with their crazy!
Could not put this down. What started out as a dysfunctional family story evolved into a more serious  plot turnaround. Liked the alternating chapters by character. The story moves back and forth from the present to the past.  The author gets you into the minds of the characters.
Loved hating all of these carefully crafted characters.
I really loved this book and just couldn't put it down!
Amazingly intriguing Very good writing, excellent read!
Excellent book.  Unbelievable imagination and intrigue.
Entertaining and engaging book. I couldn't put it down!
Very good book always waiting to see what happens next.
There were interesting twists and an unexpected ending.
Don't watch the movie unless you read the book FIRST!!!
Just a great page turning book.  Could not put it down.
This book grabbed my attention from page one. Loved it.
Very good book.The book is better than the movie.
One of the most captivating books I've read in a while.
One of the best written books I've read in a long time.
The book was spellbinding.  I could hardly put it down.
MAKES YOU WONDER ""WHAT'S SHE GOING TO DO NEXT"".
It's has been amazing, Just like the movie, I loved it.
Loved this book. Lots of twists and turns to the story.
Just enough twists and turns to keep you turning pages!
Wow so many surprises and twist and turns!  Great read!
This book was interesting, loved each twist of the plot
Great book with plot twists.  All I can say is read it!
Great twist of a story.  A book I found hat to put down
Incredible story, and virtually impossible to put down!
I liked it very much !!  Very clever , very unexpected!
Great book but didn't like the ending. Terrific author.
Many twists, an exciting read. Would there be a sequel?
INCREDIBLE MYSTERY WITH A MAZE OF PLOT TWISTS AND TURNS
I loved it. Well  written, sequel? ?? I have some idea.
It's a fun, creepy read all the way through to the end.
Even after seeing the picture, I still enjoyed the book
Loved this book...couldn't wait to get to it every day!
Excellent writing and plot.  Kept me turning the pages.
Awesome book. Story was very intense, loved the ending.
Great Fast Read, lots of twist and turns.  Wierd ending
Excellent book!  Many twists & turns.  It is a thinker!
Lots of twists and turns!  Couldn't hardly put it down.
Great story...I see now why the movie and all the hype.
Great story, lots of twists and turns, had to put down!
This book is crazy good! I can't wait to see the movie!
Lot's of twists and great characters!! Loved this book!
Very good read.  The twist and turns kept your intrest.
Exellent - easy reading.  Not crazy about ending though
Wonderful narration - gripping story. Must read/listen!
Excellent.  One of the best books I have read in years.
fabulous, engrossing, well-written, coudnt put it down!
could not put down .never would have guessed the ending
Excellent.  More twists and turns than a mountain road!
Great read!!  Kept me in suspense throughout the story.
Incredible story with many twists and turns.  Riveting!
Such a great read!  Can't wait to read her other works.
Different, interesting, once you finish you can't stop.
this book was a page turner for me, I loved reading it.
Great plot! Terrible language, but the story was great.
You do not want to sit this book down, start to finish.
Great read, love a book where I am completely surprised
Couldn't put this book down...excellent suspense with a twist. It felt very realistic and centers upon raw human emotions. Recommending this to my friends and family!
I loved this book so much I read it all in one sitting
Great Read!!!. Not literature but a masterful mystery.
Very good, I couldn't put it down.  A surprise ending.
Gone Girl is a fast moving plot and very well written.
Very compelling. It keeps you guessing the whole time.
The book was everything I hoped it would be and more😊
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Now to see the movie!
Hard to put down. Could not wait to see what happened!
Twisted characters!  Amy is so smart and manipulative.
I loved this book. Best book I've read in a long time.
Good book. Well written. That Amy is quite the gal !!!
This book was such a thrill. You will not put it down!
Great book.  Keeps your interest.  Would recommend it.
good price for this best seller, I was very satisfied but have read better with better endings.
very entertaining the whole way through. No dead spots
Keep me guessing. Great, spooky just love the writing.
Great storyline...see why they made this into a movie.
well written, good mystery...who would have thought...
This book sent thrills up my spine. Arrived in 3 days.
Couldn't put it down! It certainly wasn't predictable!
Good book.  Holds your interest from beginning to end!
Great read! Lots of suspense. I could not put it down.
One of those books that I did not want to lay it down!
As soon as I finished reading it,  I re read it again!
Absolutely Excellent! A surprise with every page turn.
Great book, very exciting. Much better than the movie.
A page-turner, lots of suspense and surprising ending.
It was an interesting read.  That was one evil person.
Great book!  Keeps you guessing right up to the end...
Lived up to expectations. Held my interest til the end
The story was fast moving and really kept my interest.
Great, amazing read! Captures you. Highly recommended.
Great story well written. Can't wait to see the movie!
Great read.  Keeps you in suspense until the very end.
Great story, very fast moving.  Could not put it down.
Great book! Keeps your interest right from the get go.
A good read. Never knew what was going to happen next.
loved the book once the story stated to become complex
It will keep you on ye edge of your seat wanting more!
I loved this book, some twist and turns.  A great read
Great read!  Highly recommend - couldn't put it down!!
Awesome read!  From the first chapter to the very end.
very well written; I understand why it is a bestseller
This book keeps you sitting on the edge until the end.
What an amazing and twisted plot.  It kept me reading!
I really enjoyed this book. So many twists and turns!!
Intense, riveting page turner!  Could not put it down.
Very well written and entertaining.. Kept my interest.
It was quite a guessing game. The ending was unexpted.
This story is written in the point of view of the two major characters. It is very well written and it keeps you on your toes, a real page turner!!  You end up feeling remorse, anger, sympathy for each main character even when you know the truth!  I really enjoyed it!
From page 1 the story unfolds slowly, making you wonder if you missed something. Once you surrender to that sit back and enjoy how this author puts sentences together and draws analogies.  So talented. I couldn't put it down. Read it in 2 days and it's 400 some pages.
This book grabs you in the beginning and doesn't let go.  It is cleverly written from each character's viewpoint, which I found refreshing.  If you are looking for a mystery that will keep you interested from beginning to end, this is one for you.  Highly recommended!
Fascinating from start to finish.  Very well written.
Never knew what would happen next.  Good page turner.
Loved this book, and had a hard time putting it down!
Good book, great mystery can't wait to see the movie.
Great novel, its exciting and keeps you wanting more.
Loved the book more than the movie. Very suspenseful!
Loved the story being told by the two main characters
The movie is very good, but the book is just awesome.
Started slow, in my opinion, but ended brilliantly!!!
Very well written and kept me entertained throughout!
Great Book- read it in one day. Better than the movie
Awesome book. I loved it. Hard to start but worth it.
A good read.  I will read more of this author's work.
Loved it except for the ending!  Same with the movie.
Gone Girl is an excellent book.  I really enjoyed it.
I loved this book! It kept me guessing until the end!
This was such a good read! Definitely a page turner!!
Really keeps you guessing! And the end....so amazing!
gripping and suspenseful - cannot put this book down!
Excellent writing-holds your attention. A quick resd.
Great book!! I hope the movie lives up to the book!!!
Awesome book about a very dysfunctional relationship!
Fantastic Novel. Gillian Flynn is a fantastic author.
Great read, very compelling albeit disturbing as well
I absolutely loved this book! I couldn't put it down!
Intense, thrilling & even loved the movie adaptation!
Starts slow and then it's one surprise after another.
Interesting story. Want to see how the movie compares
These two were so screwed up they deserve each other.
amazing book! people just misunderstand the ending!!!
I couldn't pick this book down, now to see the movie.
Great read. Kept you turning the pages. Books I love.
Could not put this book down. Suspenseful with twists
Good storyline, though foreseeable except for ending.
Loved it- great writing and such twists and turns. 😃
Amazing writing! One of the best books I've ever read
Great read! Weird ending though. Couldn't put it down
I couldn't put it down.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Kept me intrigued throughout. Would highly recommend.
Amazing, in a very crazy way! Couldn't put it down!!!
LOVED IT!  I especially like the ending.  Unexpected.
A great read that surprised me the whole way through!
So good!! Very detailed writing, great story telling.
Didn't care for the ending, but otherwise great read.
I literally could not put the book down! Great story!
Great book!!!  Kept me hanging for most of the story.
Really good book! Kept me in suspense the whole time.
Still reading it ----Its very compelling, a good read
What a unique twist to a believable story.  Loved it.
Well done! This book had me going from the beginning!
Enjoyed ! never knew what was coming next . Very good
What a surprisingly good book. I never saw the twist.
Such a great book - kept me hooked and guessing all the way through and had me on an emotional rollercoaster.  Great character development.  Without spoiling, I just wasn't thrilled with the ending.  However it's still one of the best books I've read in a long time.
What a great summer read! Took this book to Hawaii and once I started it, couldn't put it down. Love it when there are twists and turns in a novel - not your generic story line by any means. Would recommend this book for anyone looking for an intriguing story line.
This book was full labyrinthine plot twists ... I would be reading then suddenly my mouth would drop open and ... well ... was one of those can't-put-it-down novels and as a result of reading her Gone Girl, i read the other two books Sharp Objects and Dark Places
Very good read! Kept me entertained the entire time.
So much better than the movie. Such an amazing book!
Great novel - before or after you've seen the movie.
Couldn't put it down....what else needs to be known?
Great story. Very well written. A real page turner!!
excellent read, much much more depth than the MOVIE!
Excellent, loved the story and the twists and turns.
It was a strange story of 2 emotionally sick people.
I am halfway through the book and can't put it down.
excellent book, kept my interest all the way through
Excellent writing that kept me wanting to know more.
I bought it, but my wife already had a copy. Thanks!
Very good book. Loved it. The ending was a surprise.
Wow could not put this book down till I finished it.
I couldn't put it down, a lot of plot for this book.
nice twists, one of those books I could not put down
Very good book quite an unexpected twists and turns!
Enjoyed the book much more than the movie, of course
Great book; great author! I'm glad I discovered her.
Loved the book!  Well-written, a literary nail-biter
Very well done. So good they made a movie out of it.
Twists and turns all the way...couldn't put it down!
This is a great book.  I loved the twists and turns.
Loved it. Ending was different. But I like different
it was gripping-kept interest from beginning to end.
Can't put it down. Many twists and turns. Love'd it.
This book was amazing! I didn't want to put it down.
Top story , written in a vibrant , believable manner
Enjoyed very much! Wish it had a different ending...
Excellent thriller with unexpected twists and turns.
Loved it!  Never knew what was going to happen next.
Excellent story, moved quickly. Couldn't put it down
riveting an provacative. Can't get it out of my mind
Kept my attention.  Hard to put it down. Great read!
Great  story never expected it to end the way it did
Just a fantastic book from page one to the very end.
Great book. Couldn't put it down. Beautiful writing.
Excellent writing, excellent story, excellent read!!
Loved it. . . It's captivating and superbly written.
Great book! Always going in an unexpected direction.
This book had you guessing right until the last page
It started out a little slow but ended up very good.
This is a great book! Kept me guessing till the end!
I am halfway though with ""Gone Girl:A Novel"".  What a switcheroo in points of view as well as plot! Skilled writing, cleverly drawn characters. You never ""know"" what you ""know"" from one page to the next.If no one makes this into a movie, they are missing a gem.
I bought this book because of the author photo. I was captivated by Gillian Flynn which led me to the review which left me with the question of whether a murder really happened? I resisted buying it all of one afternoon. I bought it for my Kindle and read it over three days. It is not the usual type of book I read. Think Robert B,. Parker, Ace Atkins, Stephen Cannell and page turning thrillers and mysteries. This was a winter novel where you curl up under a handmade afghan while your partner reads a leather bound book and you turn the juicy pages that enmesh you, whether you like it or not, inside the souls of the characters. Though in farness, you might wonder if any of the characters have souls. The first half is very slow unless you like that kind of in depth character development. HOWEVER, when you get about half way through all hell breaks loose. The roller coaster ride of who to root for begins at a zenith and goes through a maze of complex loops and mind numbing drops that leave you colder inside than Neil Armstrong in July 1969.Should you buy this book, read it to the end to get full value out of it. Because if you put it down, I guarantee it will suck you back in to the depravity, hopelessness and forever looking over your shoulder world of Nick and Amy Dunne.
I wasnt sure what to expect from this book as I had never read any of her novels before. Being a crime/murder mystery buff I couldnt put it down! The ending seemed a little contrived, but overall I loved the book and will be reading more of her novels soon!
I loved this book! The writing style was easy to follow and it kept me interested from start to finish. Even if you don't enjoy ""mysteries"" this book will keep you guessing and at some points nail biting. Looking forward to reading more from Flynn!
Very happy with my delivery and quality of the book
The movie was good, the book was definitely better.
If you've seen the movie, the book is much better!!
The book was very similar to the movie. Great book!
Thrilling/shocking/suspense! down to the last page.
Loved this novel.  Book much better than the movie.
Best book. Is it a movie yet? I am reading it twice
I watched the movie first but still loved the book.
Loved this book... Keep me wanting more from page 1
Couldn't put it down - had to figure what happened!
Even darker and more twisted than the move-love it!
Great plot, easy readinreading. A recommended read.
Easy read, great book, can't wait to see the movie!
I got so caught up in it. So many twists and turns.
Suspenseful.  Twisting plot.  Disappointing ending.
complex plot kept me interested to the very end....
Page turner. Twist after twist. Highly entertaining
Incredible book!! Very suspenseful and captivating!
Ordered it for my 75 year old mom and she loved it.
Heard that may be a book II.  Looking forward to it
I saw the movie and left confused.  Loved the book.
Loved it. Could not put it down. Fantastic writing,
Wonderfully written with lots of unexpected events!
Her books twist and turn and get better every time.
Excellent writing and a clever and absorbing story.
Great book. Glad I read it before seeing the movie.
Mystery and intrigue .., keeps the reader guessing!
Very creative fiction and thought provoking ending.
So glad I downloaded this on my Kindle.  I love it!
Amazingly well written. Enjoyed every minute of it.
Book was great and received it in perfect condition
Fantastic book--so good I could barely put it down!
Good read.  Many twists and turns and several LOLs.
Great and creative story.  Good acting.  Cant miss!
Great book, surpizing changes. Keeps u reading.....
Great book!  Slow beginning but well worth reading.
It was very interesting and refreshingly different.
Terrific book!Twists and turns galore I loved it!!!
Great book... the movie is good, the book is great.
Kept your interest, characters were well developed.
Excellent read!  Enjoyed it, could not put it down!
Great book. .. once started reading could not stop!
Have not finish the book yet, but like it so far...
Great story!  Slow at first, but just keep reading!
Best book I have read in ages could not put it down
Couldn't put the book down. Keeps you on your toes!
Just plane awesome just enough to keep all guessing
Love it! Plot is fascinating. Hard one to put down.
Could not put it down!  Ending was very unexpected!
A gift for Fall festival at school.  Have not read.
Wonderful book that I had so many twists and turns.
twisty plot, beautifully written.  Quite terrific!!
Mind blowing. Seriously for for the feint of heart.
Could have ended differently but still a good book.
Strangely addicting book.  I could not put it down.
I was really surprised by this book. It is taught, fast paced and keeps the reader on their toes for the whole scary ride. No one is what you expect, no event is what it seems and Gillian is deft at pacing and bringing her book to a concise, chilling end.
I cannot believe the twists and turns of this book.  I stayed up late every single night trying to finish it.  Gillian's writing style is one I've never experienced and I love it.  I haven't been this crazy about a book since Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
It really is worth the reading, its gripping and funny and dark and keeps u guessing! I really recommend this to anyone, I am not a big thriller/crime reader but I loved every minute and have now passed it on to my DH so we can discuss. Not to be missed.
This is a well written action story with thorough character development and unique circumstances and climaxes. In other words...you want to see what happens next with the people you feel you really know because the ultimate conclusion is not predictable.
loved this book, took it to the pool with me this summer, and I did more reading than swimming. Thought the characters where great, with lots of twisty turns. was not a big fan of the ending,, but so many possibilities I think Flynn picked the wrong one.
This book was highly rated which did catch my eye. They were right - It has many twists and turns that keeps the reader wondering who's really the good guy and who's the bad guy? Read this book faster than any of the last 5 books I've read - Recommend!
This book was so twisted!!!  I loved it.  I want to find more like it.  I told my friends that this book is a must read. To run out and get it.  The only thing I didn't like about  it was the cussing.  It was too much.  The ending could've been better.
Thanks
Was a great book. Easy to read, kept my attention.
Hard to put down-----a new slant on mystery!!!!!!!
Very good book.  Read it before you see the movie.
Such a good book!!! Was in good condition as well.
What a great book and a twist I never saw coming!!
I will say, I never would've predicted the ending.
Saw the movie also. The book is so much better!!!!
I enjoyed it and would recommend it to my friends.
I couldn't put it down!  Fabulous,  gripping read.
Fascinating and unpredictable; I was hooked on it.
Loved turning the pages to know what happens next.
I loved this book but my Sister was not impressed.
This book keeps you on your toes, start to finish.
Great book can't wait to see the movie adaptation.
SOOO good! Excited to read Gillian's other novels!
Very exciting.  Keeps you guessing the whole time.
An original novel in an era of recycled literature
Very well written book.  I  could not put it down.
Beautifully written. Great style. Talented writer.
A very convaluted story,  but it kept my interest.
EXACTLY LIKE THE MOVIE!! Absolutely fabulous book!
OMG - Such a great book - wish there was a sequel!
Great read. Suspenseful. I hope there is a sequel.
A gripping thriller with lots of twists and turns!
Wonderfully satiric novel of a marriage gone awry.
Absolutely, Incredible Book! I highly recommend!!!
excellent book to be read BEFORE seeing the movie!
Great read.  Keeps you wondering right to the end.
Excellent book, well written.  Keeps you guessing.
Read it in one day because I couldn't put it down!
Great read, can't wait to see movie just came out.
Awesome book edge of my seat kind of book loved it
Finished the book in 2 days, very suspenseful!!!!!
Page turner, thought provoking , and well written.
Lots of plot twists, very well written. Good read.
Could not put down....can't wait to see the movie!
A real page turner. Looking forward to the sequel.
Probably the best book I have read in a long time!
Phenomenal book. Keeps you guessing until the end!
Loved the book - not sure if the film can compete.
...a great read...but not sure I liked the ending.
This book was full of suspense! Such a great read.
This was a good read with lots of twists and turns
I couldn't put it down!  Unbelievable.  Loved it!!
Crazy ending, easy read.  Great summer/beach book!
Could not put this book down - it was that good !!
The ending was a real surprise- Written very well.
Could not put it down! Great and easy summer read.
very good read--cant wait to see the movie version
There were times when reading this book that I  had to let the Kindle read to me because my eyes hurt and I couldn't stop reading. It was that good.
I had never read this author so I had no opinions about her work.  I could not put it down.  I read every spare second I had.  I even read at stop lights.  It has surprises around every corner.  I am going to look back and see what else she wrote.
Really keeps you reading to find out what happens next.  It has very good characterization.  It makes me want to read something else by the author.
Def liked the book over the movie! So many twists
This was a thriller book.  Could not put it down.
Great writing.  A really twisted surprise ending.
A very interesting book.  The ending is a killer!
Very good book. Fast-moving and kept my interest.
Fast paced and thrilling, I couldn't put it down!
entertaining novel with surprising loops in story
I loved this book! Well written with great twist!
Creepy, but awesome. It's a page turner for sure!
Excellent book, enough twists to keep me reading.
Great story, very well written. Enjoyed it a lot.
Make time for this book - it's hard to set aside!
Great book, as always, way better than the movie❤
As expected.  Re-ordered this book for my spouse.
Great book.  Kept me guessing until the very end.
Great book!  Kept me in suspense the entire time.
A little slow to start,but then can't put it down
Just as described! Great book, really enjoyed it!
This is a book that i couldnt put down!  Fanastic
Worth the read ! Holds your attention.-Paul
Great read. Fantastically eerie look at marriage.
It was thrilling from the first page to the last.
A i can't put this down book. Great creepy story.
Fascinating and wonderful.book!  Get it and enjoy
One of the best books I have read in a long time.
no idea it would turn out that way! Great read!!!
Loved it.  Wish there had been a different ending
Very interesting read with many twists and turns!
Great book- hard to put down and not predictable!
This book was suspenseful and had a lovely twist.
Great Read! Keeps you guessing through the novel.
Excellent novel! Lots of twists and an easy read.
A page turner for sure! Excited to see the movie!
Loved the book, hope there is a sequal planned!!!
What a surprise ending!  I never saw that coming!
Still reading book. Arrived in perfect condition.
intriguing, suspenseful and such a surprise plot!
Kept my interest through myriad twists and turns.
Plenty of twists and turns, couldn't put it down!
What a book, did not see that coming!! Great read
Great read.  Really enjoyed the twists and turns.
Awesome read!!! You won't be able to put it down!
Most amazingly put together psycho thriller ever.
talk about twists and turn. couldn't put it down!
reminded me of Leisha Hamilton in Trail of Blood!
Excellent read, fast paced, couldn't put it down!
spell bounding with many twists and turns of plot
The book was a page-turner from beginning to end.
Excellent and suspenseful!  Enjoyed it immensely.
Loved the book. Can't wait they to see the movie.
Slow to start but it sure grabs your attention!!!
I loved the book!!  Can't wait to see the movie!!
Slow starter. But wow.  Once it gets going...eek!
Engaging with an unexpected blow you away ending!
I had not read this author before so really had no idea what to expect. From the moment I started reading I was hooked. As the story progressed I thought I had it all figured out and then suddenly it would lob another firecracker into the fire.
This book was another book club selection for me. I enjoyed that it was written from two points of view. There are several twists and unexpected sub-plots. Everyone in my book club liked the book. I never saw the final play of the game coming.
A truly enjoyable read.  The characters were very well developed, each one intersting and complex.  You never know what was going to happen from chapter to chapter.  Without giving away the end it was very unexpected.  My book club loved it.
I don't want to say too much. Let folks have the story unfold for them as it did for me! So well thought out, from beginning to end. This book had to have taken a long time to get laid out so perfectly! I've been recommending it to friends.
Great book! Kept me turning pages until the end.
Absolutely fantastic read. Couldn't put it down.
I COULD BARELY PUT THIS ONE DOWN.  GREAT TWISTS.
Amazing read. Movie was great...book was better.
Very well written and edited.  Hard to put down.
Awesome read. On the edge of my seat throughout.
Makes you appreciate the sanity of your partner!
Great read; maintained a good pace and interest.
Excellent book. Constantly kept you in suspense.
Excellent book. Had a hard time putting it down!
This was a great book!  I could not put it down.
Intense and way better than the movie of course!
Best book I have read in a long time!  Loved it!
Excellent! Can,t wait to read more of her books.
One of the best reads I've experienced in years.
Great book, all her books are very well written.
I'm one of a billion others who loved this book.
Didn't expect the ending.  That's all I can say.
Very good book, I can't wait to see the movie :)
Did not like the ending. Maybe a follow up book.
Psychological thriller.  Well done.  Great book.
This was a fun, fast, highly entertaining novel.
A page-turning plot - couldn't put the book down
So many twists and turns! Very unpredictable !😄
Thoroughly enjoyed the book after I got into it.
You will love the twists and turns in this novel
So many twists and turns. Interesting characters
I don't write reviews.  But the book was amazing
A gift for my wife and she enjoyed it very much.
Great book and received quickly from the seller!
Awesome book!! Can't wait to see the movie now!!
A wonderful story told by the lady who lived it!
Couldn't wait to see what twist happened next...
Great book that keeps you guessing till the end.
Loved it was unsure all the way kept me guessing
Very different ending good book interesting plot
Great book.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat.
So many twists. Impossible to predict. Loved it.
Full of twists and turns that keeps you reading.
Fast paced! Every page was a mouth opening turn!
One of the best recent popular works of fiction!
Wonderfully written! Couldn't put the book down.
Excellent read. I devoured the book within days.
Loved it! So interesting. Could not put it down.
Really enjoyed,kept me off base the whole  book.
Riviting! Sure makes you appreciate your spouse!
kept  me reading thru the night until I finished
Loved it!  It's hard to put down.  Well written.
Wow, such a good book! Keeps you on your toes...
Loved this story! So twisted, but in a good way!
Great book, can't wait for movie!  Great vendor!
Gone girl kept me turning the pages till the end
Super read.  Unique story content and execution.
This is one of the best fiction books I've read in a long time. Flynn has a wonderful command of tone, pacing, and language. I was sucked in from page one and I could not put it down until the end. Definitely worth reading and discussing!
Thrilling, Complicated, and Disturbing in all the right ways! A must read for any fan of modern novels with a dark twist. Best book of 2012.
Terrifically well written, imaginative, page-turner. This one will keep you guessing. The ending was perfect! Do not be put off by those who want a pink, bow tie ending. This is a marvelous read that is pure genius. Absolutely loved it.
Gone girl: a Novel"" was a great book.  The writer kept you on the edge throughout the book.  First taking the side of the husband,then the wife, and back again.  I thought it was very uniquely written.  Very easy to read and to follow.
This book is hard to put down. Many twists and turns. My husband and I both read it and we both enjoyed it.I'm not a fan of scary mystery books. This was a mystery without the scary factor--so no nightmares. I reccomend this book.
The book was an excellent read. The plot was both original and exciting. The characters were believable. I enjoyed the plot twist right in the middle of the book and the way it turned from Amy's diary entries to her current experiences.
This is a great book!!  Every page is a clift hanger...never can guess where the author is taking you and where the ending will leave you.  I would totally recommend this book but make time for it because you won't want to put it down.
A real page-turner, much better than the movie!
One of the best books I have read.  I loved it.
Fantastic, I am reading it for the second time!
So many twists and turns kept me fully involved
Awesome!  Sort of predictable, until it wasn't.
good story.  good mystery.  kept me entertained
Love the twists...kept me quessing all the time
Very interesting book! It was hard to put down!
Saw the movie first but still enjoyed the book.
It kept me guessing about what was coming next.
Great twist and turns to a cannot put down book
Incredible thriller and extremely well written.
Spectacular yet warped... misery loves company.
Loved it just a little disappointed at the end.
Suspicion builds and the plot takes a big twist
Keeps you guessing. . .definitely a great read.
I love it. Just what I wanted at a great price.
Fantastic book to read. I couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down read it in 2 days loved it
Wow.... disturbing but very well plotted out...
I loved it! Keeps you guessing the entire book!
very  good read - almost didn't see it coming!!
One of the best books I've read in a long time.
Great read. Keeps you going till the last page!
Right from the start it is an interesting book.
Great writing! You never what will happen next!
Still reading but what I have read it is great.
Plot twist!!  Great read. Couldn't put it down.
Slow beginning but ended up being really good!!
Liked the book can't wait to see the movie now!
Riveting!! not happy with the ending though lol
Mind blowing! Great read. Couldn't put it down!
Great book!  Loved it from page one to the end.
Could not put it down!!! Twisted yet Amazing!!!
what a great read. Can't wait to see the movie.
This was a page turner now I can see the movie!
Suspenseful  I didn't want to put it down
Very good read kept in suspense the whole time.
Great book that keeps you wanting to read more!
Good read. Very entertaining and perfect twist!
Couldn't stop once I started reading...loved it
Could not put it down!!!  Excellent reading....
This is a very well written and engaging story.
Excellent. A real twist that you do not expect.
Wow! Truly amazing to watch two people unravel.
Brilliantly written.  Fast paced.  Very clever.
A great suspenseful read.  Loved the movie too!
Great book full of mystery and twisted romance.
Couldn't put it down! Can't wait for the movie!
Well written. Witty prose. Holds your interest.
Starts out slow but then picks up.  Great turn.
Great read, exciting and twisted too. Loved it.
the book was in great condition.thank you
Interesting Book with an unique writing style!!
Great Read!!!!! Kept me wondering till the end.
Loving the story. Usually, I champion the woman but even though the husband isn't perfect, she scares me! Just started reading a few days ago and I am almost finished......hate for it to end but can't wait to find out what happens!
Insightful, riveting, terrifying, well written. Makes me question whether you can really know anyone else. Loved the insight about human nature, manipulation, society and technology. Hope beyond hope there is a sequel and he wins!!
This book is one of the best that I've read in a while, and I read a lot.  The story is so different from the usual formula and holds your attention throughout;  the twist is brilliant and pumps up the interest.  A very good read.
Loved the  book. It will keep you glued to it.
Wow, what a book. Kept me guessing to the end.
Unfortunately, they really deserve each other.
good read - pretty fast and interesting twists
Unbelievably wicked!  A nail-biter to the end!
Makes you think as you look around at couples.
Loved the book but didn't care for the ending.
Great book! Can't wait to read her other ones.
Excellent book, can't wait to watch the movie!
Great intrigue!  Could not put this book down!
very good, suspenceful, and full of surprises!
No words can describe how amazing this book is
I did not see the movie but the book was great
Great reading, but disappointed in the ending.
Awesome book. This kept you turning the pages.
😱😱😱😱😱 great read. Couldn't put it down ❗️
Loved the book! Kept you wanting to read more.
This book was awesome, I could not put it down
Great book... can't wait to see the movie now!
Excellent book. Definitely keeps you guessing.
loved it.  very unique and many twists & turns
A great page turner.  I was glued to the book!
A MUST read! I even got my husband to read it.
It was a great book.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
love the movie but the book i0s a b0it better!
Loved Gone Girl...Loved reading it on my ipad!
Excellent, very suspenseful, hard to put down.
Brilliant! More twists than a bag of pretzels.
I love the book the whole thing was perfect!!!
Liked the many twists and turns. A great read!
very intriguing. i can't wait to see the movie
Lots of twists and turns that were unexpected!
Very good book.  Hated the ending though!  :-(
Great book, just hoped for a different ending.
Great book, kept me reading but ending sucked!
Great book!  I loved all the twists and turns!
Amy is literature's most disturbing sociopath.
Great read.  Twists and turns would not expect
Everything was excellent. Thank you, ggulley10
I loved this story and the way it was written.
outstanding novel. Can't wait to see the movie
Siuspence from beginning  to end; great read!!
Great read. Ending was a little disappointing.
An edge of your seat thriller.  Great writing.
So many surprising twists and turns; loved it!
Great book! Can't wait to see the movie now ;)
Can't put it down!  Unpredictable! LOVE IT!!!!
It was an excellent read very hard to put down
Very suspenseful, kept you wanting to read on!
A real page turner.. Can't wait for the movie!
This was a really good book and hard to put down.  Did he kill her or didn't he?  I really liked all the twists and turns.  Only problem was the ending.  Is it just me or did anyone else hate it! I was kind of hoping for more.
This was an amazing book.  What a great plot, it just  has so many twists and turns I don't know how the author could possibly think of all of them. Stayed up all night to finish it.  Can't wait to read another of her books.
This book had a different set of twists that although seemingly unlikely have haunting similarities to some situations I have known as a psychologist.  Interesting and new story line on an age-old problem of marital discord.
I read mostly when I fly as the time goes by faster. Gone Girl is a book you won't want to put down. I am not yet finished with the book as I started the book on a flight and I plan to finish the book today flying back home.
I absolutely loved this book. I looked forward to every session listening to it (the audiobook). Smart, sharp writing. I will definitely look for more from this author! I had it for a book group and all (mostly) enjoyed it!
Fantastic thriller, one of those that make the reader take a stroll around the block, with good turning points, well developed characters... I bought it out of curiosity after reading some reviews and I also recommend it!!!
If you liked the movie, you'll love the book!
Interesting with lots of twists and surprises
Loved this book!! Really keeps you engrossed!
If you liked the movie, you'll love the book.
I think I'll like it.  I haven't read it yet.
Gripping and terrifying.  A perfect thriller!
Excellent book!! Had me guessing at all times
This is a ""can't put down"" novel,,,,,
Great read for adults. Plot is extraordinary.
Great book.  Kept you wondering at all times!
Loved it and passed on to a friend. Thank you
Draws you in and doesn't let you go. Amazing!
Couldn't put it down! Lots of twists & turns!
Good Book, holds your interest until the end.
Enjoyed Gone Girl, surprise ending, loved it.
Great novel with unexpected twists and turns!
Immediately engaging, relatable, crazy twist.
Page turner, full of surprises, well-written.
Good book but too, some time to get in to it.
Great book!  Will definitely keep ya reading!
Great writing. Definitely kept you wondering.
One of the best books I have read in a while.
Amazzzzzingggggggg !!!!! It's a must read!!!!
got delivery very fast, can't wait to read it
One of the best stories I have read this year
Well written page turner with many surprises!
Intriguing story, didn't want to put it down.
Excellent book. Kept me interested throuout .
Great book.  Going to see the movie tomorrow.
Loved it.  Read book prior to watching movie.
I look at my wide a completely different way.
I loved Gone Girl. I could not put it down :)
Kept me on the edge of my seat, page by page.
Could not put this book down. Really amazing.
What a crazy, disturbing and wild love story.
Exciting and gripping to the end. Great read!
Great book!  Loved all the twists and turns!!
Easy read. Love the way Flynn wrote the book!
Loved this book!  I couldn't stop reading it.
Excellent, well written, and a real thriller.
This is a great book. I couldn't put it down.
Really enjoyed it.  So many twists and turns!
Could not put the book down - it was amazing!
Spectacular story about reprehensible people.
Deliciously disturbing! Couldn't put it down!
Well written and thought provoking. Thank you
Fantastic!  Keeps you guessing. Great mystery
One of the most engaging books I've ever read
Unable to stop reading this disturbing novel!
The story kept me riveted until the very end!
Could not put this book down!  Great writing!
I only put it aside when I absolutely had to!
Loved the ending, not at all what I expected!
written in first person by 2 people alternating was nothing short of total involvement. i absolutely loved thisbook and will definitely read more by this author. parts of it made me laugh out loud and i was sorry it ended.
Gillian Flynn did an amazing job with this novel. I love mysteries and this one kept you so engaged the entire time. There are so many surprise twists and turns and the ending is just as shocking. I didn't want it to end.
Interesting, wicked plot! Hard to put down and hard to stop thinking about. A good story that keeps the reader guessing. Not entirely pleased with the ending...it wasn't quite satisfying enough. But certainly a good book.
This book was extremely well crafted with all the pieces falling together at the last minute.  The story was fascinating and I loved the ending; the characters felt like real flawed people.  Great read, totally addictive.
Really enjoyed reading Gone Girl. I read it on vacation and I almost missed the beach some days so I could spend time reading. Lots of exciting twists, kept you guessing right up to the end. I highly recommend this book!
Gone Girl is a fast paced page turning novel.  It gets slightly gruesome sometimes, but it is necessary for the plot. I found it exciting and hard to put down and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes the thriller genre.
What a great read! This psychological thriller will keep you on the edge of your seat for hours; I couldn't put it down.  Amy is fascinating, brillant and scary.  Now I know what to do when my next husband cheats on me.
Didn't think the book would end the way it did.  Interesting story about 2 people who pretended to be someone else to please the other person.  At the end, they are stuck with the situation they created for themselves.
Loved it.  Loved it. Loved it.  The back and forth nature of the writing between the chapters keeps you interested and guessing.  I have recommended it to anyone who asks me what book I think they should download next.
Wow-- gripping story with no expected turns!
entertaining read with well drawn characters
haven't finished the book, but am loving it.
Great book movie was not as good as the book
Once you start reading, you can not put down
Great book.  Liked it better than the movie!
Wonderful pacing, suspense & character study
I loved the movie...the book is even better.
Unexpected ending for sure!!! Very good read
This book is one of the best I've ever read!
Prompt delivery and great book!!! Thank you!
Great book well written, full of suspence...
Great book.  Good plot twists!  A must read!
Excellent-  kept me guessing the whole time.
Loved it ... now to see to see the movie !!!
Fantastic!  Loved all the twists and turns!!
Loved it - held my attention the entire read
Enjoyed the book and now will see the movie.
Great book! I was so sad when I finished it.
A great read and unexpected story. Loved it.
Great read. Read it twice and saw the movie!
Book great. Shipping could have been better.
Loved it, but was surprised about the ending
Great book. Anxious to read her other novels
Very surprising ending. Suspense throughout.
After I got into it, I couldn't put it down.
Such a great book!!! Definitely a must read!
WONDER and as usual - better than the movie!
A fun, suspenseful read.  Really enjoyed it.
Excellent. Many twists and turns to the plot
Great read! Kept me guessing the whole time.
Held the readers attention right throughout.
Great book! Very suspenseful and unexpected!
Many twists and turns that kept me guessing!
Great book with unespected twists and turns!
Very good book! Can't wait to see the movie!
Awesome book! Can't wait to watch the movie!
spell binding book. One twist after another.
Great story with several unexpected twists..
Definitely kept me on my toes until the end.
Fabulous read.... Even better then the movie
Great story, keeps you wanting to read more.
Full of twists and turns. Very well written.
Read the book FIRST!  Better than the movie!
Cannot put the book down.  So many surprises
Thoroughly engaging and beautifully written!
Page turner. Couldn't finish it fast enough.
Loved the book, can't wait to see the movie.
just loved it, can't wait to see the movie!!
Very good read. Can't wait to see the movie.
This is one of the best books I've ever read
Awesome read!!!! Definitely recommend it!!!!
Great, it deserves to be number one forever.
Super interesting.  Can't wait for the movie
Can't wait for another book by Gillian Flynn
Great book pulls you one way then the other!
Loved the twists and turns of the storyline!
Chilling exploration of a married coupled relationship and individual identities . Gave a new meaning to codependency . I can not get the haunting images out of my mind. I will read Gillian Flynn's two previous books.
Loved this book, very well written.  I liked this book much better than Sharp Objects by the same author. The characters were intriguing and I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.  I couldn't put this book down.
I am surprised at some of the mediocre reviews on here. Not only was this a great thriller with unexpected twists and turns, it also had a lot of surprisingly insightful commentary on our society. Well worth the read.
Gone Girl was one of the best books I've read in a very long time.  Great characters, strong plot, lots of twists!  Extremely well written and thought out - kept me on the edge of my seat until the very last page.
This book was un-put-downable!  I would read it until my eyes couldn't stay open anymore and then I would wake up early to continue it.  Great descriptive language and a storyline that will keep you on your toes!
It 's amazing book. It 's real page turner.
This book is great!  Better than the movie!
Dark. Excellent. Nice twist. A cliff hanger
Such a great book, I could not put it down!
Fantastic twist. Great film. Book is better
The darkest thing I've read in a long time.
The book as always is better than the movie
Skillfully written and wonderfully current.
Way better than the movie. Excellent story.
Wonderful read....so very well presented...
slow in the beginning and then it picked up
Recommended.  Waiting to see the movie now.
Very good - made my want to see the movie!!
I could not put it down. Very well written.
Great read even after having seen the movie
Could hardly put it down to sleep at night.
Loved it except the ending. Lots of twists.
A really good read that keeps you guessing!
crazy messed up book.  couldn't put it down
Couldn't put it down. Read it in a weekend.
Great novel and much better than the movie.
That movie was and is a classic hands down!
Great thriller with no clear cut assailant.
Great book. Loved all the twists and turns.
I thought it was awesome - ending included.
loved the book...much better than the movie
read on my Nook but got this one as a gift.
Strange turn of eventsWell told
Excellent plot twists. Unusual  conclusion.
Awesome book. Can't wait for the movie now!
I loved the suspense and the ending twist!!
Excellent to read. The ending surprised me.
Can't put it down. Best I've read this year
wonderfully good read. until the ending....
GREAT read.  Kept me wanting to  read more!
I could not put this book down!  Fantastic!
Wow....cold calculating intriguing twisted!
Slow start but once it takes off......WOW!!
It was so good!  I could not stop reading!!
Did not put it down...  A really good read.
So many twists and turns. Really good book!
Lots of twists and turns. Hard to put down.
Great Mystery. Can't wait to see the movie.
Great book ! Complex characters ! Love it !
Kept me reading and on the edge of my seat.
Captivating and suspenseful - well written.
Enjoyed the book disappointed in the ending
Great novel with many twists and surprises!
Excellent book!  Haunting to say the least.
Good bok; now a movie.  Might go to see it.
Excellent read, hard to put down, riveting!
Enjoyed it thoroughly!  Very suspenseful!!!
Love this book...the author is masterful...
Best fiction book I've read in a long time!
Gripping!  Incredible characters. Loved it.
A twist at every corner. Keeps you reading!
Read it twice and can't wait for the movie.
This was a good read - hard to put it down!
Such a good read. I did not want it to end.
Can't wait to see the movie made from novel
Fantastic, mysterious although frustrating.
Such an awesome book, definitely recommend.
I knew someone very like the main character
Great book. True ""page turner"".  Bought her other two books and read just as quickly.  Would recommend to anyone wanting to read a ""who done it"" but slightly twisted story. Hope Ms. Flynn has more in the works!
It's a great read... found myself second guessing my main suspect over and over again - love the twists and turns!  It's a great summer read, but don't start it until you have time NOT to put it down!  Enjoy!
`Gone Girl' by Gillian Flynn is the portrait of a terrible marriage that both parties misrepresent.  A writers's recession caused both Amy and Nick Dunne to lose their jobs, and the couple moved from New York City to North Carthage, MO to save money and allow Nick to better care for both of his parents.  On the day of the couple's 5th wedding anniversary, Amy is missing. The investigation, as it proceeds, leads police to suspect that Nick had killed his wife.Police cordon off the house and discover the clean kitchen floor has traces from a large pool of Amy's blood that can't be shrugged off as incidental.  Police also discover that Nick increased the amount on his wife's insurance contract.  A while ago, Amy tried to purchase a gun from one of the Blue Book boys at the closed-down mall, but was unable to do so.  Her journal says that she wanted the gun because she was afraid of Nick.  Nick admitted early in the investigation that The Bar that he owned and operated with his sister Margo was financed by Amy.  The Jerry Maguire type of love story- you complete me - had a twist:  ""We complete each other in the nastiest, ugliest possible way.""Upon hearing of Amy's disappearance, Amy's parents hopped on the closest flight to North Carthage, MO and set up a ridiculous 24-hour command central at a local hotel for any and all news regarding Amy's disappearance.  Some newspaper reviews got the town wrong: SF Gate called the town Carthage, USA Today thought the Dunnes moved to Hannibal - but the town is the fictional one of North Carthage, although the real city of Cape Girardeau MO might be as a good a place as any to substitute for the fictional location of the novel.Nick is not comfortable with the heightened news coverage that the Elliot's have brought with their headquarters to Find Amy.  Nick is also deceitful to the police because he's done something else that makes him look guilty.  Chicago-based writer Gilliam Flynn undoubtedly followed the Drew Peterson case, and dressed Nick Flynn up like the Chicagoland cop in many ways to throw a wrench into the mystery, right down to the goofy, inappropriate smile that Peterson flashed to television audiences.Peterson isn't the only real-life character that influenced the novel.  The host of the Ellen Abbott Live show could just as easily be Nancy Grace.  Tanner Bolt brought to mind Gil Teal - he's for real.  While Gil Teal was not real, only a character in John Grisham's novel The Client, he was the type of lawyer that came to mind when Bolt was first described.  Others compared Bolt to Billy Flynn, a lawyer in the movie and musical Chicago.  The remarks that Amy made about North Carthage brought to mind comments that Ed Koch made about the suburbs and upstate New York in a Playboy interview released when he ran for governor of NYS in 1982.Nick saw the police following down one track, and tried to jump start the investigation by searching out those who had caused trouble in Amy's past.  Tommy O'Hara was a casual boyfriend in Brooklyn accused of raping Amy before she met Nick.  A high-school boyfriend named Desi Collings stalked Amy.  A grade-school girlfriend named Hillary Handy was described by Amy's parents as being obsessed with Amy.  Actually, all three characters have contributions to make to the case, but Nick was in the wrong frame of mind when he first talked to each person.Nick is also distracted by the scavenger hunt.  For the couple's previous anniversaries, Amy constructed scavenger hunts with clues written like riddles.  Solving one clue would lead to the next riddle, until the hunt revealed the location of the anniversary gift.  When Amy disappeared, the police discovered the first clue of this year's hunt in the couple's bedroom.  Nick traced all the steps to this years scavenger hunt, which led to the surprise 'gifts' in the garage.Most readers will take away the themes of dishonesty, the devious and ridiculousness of the media, and the unhappiness resulting from a troubled economy. Wouldn't it be great if Alfred Hitchcock were still alive so he could make this movie?  Alas, we can only wonder what could have been.
The first book I had ever read by author Gillian Flynn was Dark Places, and I devoured it! So, I went on to read her first book, Sharp Objects: A Novel which was equally as great. You have to understand for me to say that these books were better than good is no easy feat for the 'Mystery"" genre. I absolutely despise mystery novels! But Gillian takes it so much further than just a mystery, it is like a psychological thriller in some ways, a whodunit in other ways, and just plain mind blowing! She keeps throwing curve balls just when you think you've got it figured out...'Gone Girl' starts out as a whodunit, to a 'oh duh he did it'. She leads you into believing the husband did it, and then throwing a curve ball to make you second guess yourself, and when you're so sure he didn't do it.. WHAM she throws another and once again you're doubting yourself. So she kept me guessing the WHOLE time. I could no quite predict what Amy's next move was and for me that was the best part of the book. It gets boring reading all these books where you can predict how the sister is going to die but the family moves on or the boy and girl gets married happily ever after. While the 'unrealistic' story plot got under some people's skin I preferred it. Gillian did not fail to keep me on my toes as she had with her two previous books.The only downfall of this book is it can get slow in some chapters but she also keeps you hanging in there with all the curve balls and tidbits of information she gives you. You know there is just some ugly monster waiting to rear its ugly little head out just around the corner.I recommend this book if you don't mind over the top slightly unrealistic characters like Amy or Nick. If you LOVE to keep guessing and getting huge surprises then this is the book for you. Honestly it is great. I do recommend reading her first two books as well! It is a must! And if you're already a fan of her other books then this is a must read and it will excite you!
I finished reading Gone Girl a couple weeks ago and I am STILL thinking about it. I have not read a book that gripped and haunted me like this in so long. I downloaded the eBook when I noticed two of my social network friends were reading it. Since the first chapter, there was not one moment when I regretted dropping everything to read this book. In fact, I curled up in Cocoa Comfy (my reading chair) with a snuggie and hardly moved until the last e-page was turned--excluding the moment when I damn near threw my NOOK across the room and cursed aloud. Gone Girl was unputdownable!By now, you're wondering what the heck is this book about?! **deep sigh** Where do I begin and how do I explain without spoiling the story or the ending? And yes, that ending has stirred up rants everywhere.On Nick and Amy's fifth wedding anniversary day, Amy disappears. The house shows signs of struggle and like most disappearances, the husband is always the prime suspect. Clues and evidence are revealed as Nick tries to prove his innocence. Readers will find that the characters are challenging and unpredictable since the story is told from alternating points of view between Nick and Amy. Their thoughts, incomplete truths and actions unfold in a twisted mystery that grows with each chapter. It is a classic case of He Said, She Said in literary form.Psychological thriller Gone Girl is not overrated. It deserves to be named as one of the best books of the year. It deserves the awards, praises, 3,000+ positive reviews and conversations. Read it. Period. Point blank. Then find me online to discuss because you WILL want to talk about this book with someone else who has read it.Literary Marie of Precision Reviews
Without the recommendation of an awesome co-worker, I would have completely missed out on this one. Hands down, this is one of the best books I have read this year, if not in my entire life. I have never read a Gillian Flynn novel before, so when it was recommended to me, I did not know what to expect. One thing that impressed me before I even started reading it was how long it sat at the top of the best-seller list. Because of this book, I have added Gillian Flynn as an auto-read author and will be looking for her backlist.Nick and Amy are great characters, but not great people. They definitely have their faults, but that is what makes them unique and such great characters. Nick and Amy represent every other couple struggling in a marriage that is certainly out of the honeymoon phase. This couple's problems and grievances are too numerous to list, but this book reminded me how important it is to put in the effort to make our most important relationships grow and flourish. Nick and Amy didn't do that and with every turn of the page, I was able to see first hand how these two characters were spiraling in a whirlpool of frustration, anger, sadness, bitterness, regret, misery and yes, even hate.Everytime I thought I knew what would happen, I would be surprised at the twists and turns the plot would take. A great book has to be shared so, as it was recommended to me, I have been recommending it to everyone I know. I kept thinking as I was reading this book that this story would not end well for anyone, but I was even surprised at the ending. I couldn't make myself look away. This book would pull me out of sleep calling me to come read. I just had to know what was going to happen!If you enjoy stories that pull you in right away with little to no build-up and flawed and dysfunctional characters that draw you into the mess of their lives, this is the book to read.
I haven't read a book in a long time that has truly made me keep changing my opinions and inspired such genuine hatred and compassion for characters. It will definitely get you hooked from the first reading.
The ""Cool Girl"" rant in the middle of the book just flat out rocks.Gillian Flynn is an amazing writer...I've just gotta get this out there, though: I would be frightened if I were married to her.
One of best books I've read in a long time
Great book. So much better than the movie.
Interesting, but dark book.  Well written.
Loved this book! Lots of twists and turns!
good book, fast read, was hard to put down
What a great book! I couldn't put it down!
Good twists and turns.  Enjoyed the story.
Super good book. couldn't stop reading it.
Loved this book. Would recommend it highly
Edge in your seat better then the movie !!
Good reading. I love the twists and turns!
Interesting plot, ending was not expected.
Great book, easy read. Unexpected twists!!
Hard to put down...a page turner for sure.
Fantastic! Kept me on the edge of my seat!
must read the book after watched the movie
Shipped and arrived fast! Great condition!
great read - won't be able to put it down.
good book! kept my interest until the end.
purchased for my grandmother, she loved it
Very well written and highly entertaining!
Buckle up it going to be a bumpy ride! Wow
Great story. I was unable to stop reading.
Excellent book, nitty & gritty. Easy read.
Loved the book, hope the movie is as good!
Lots of twists and turns. Surprise ending!
Excellent better than the movie of course.
CRAZY, BUT GOOD.Highly recommend it.
What a great book! Couldn't put it down...
Excellent book and a very talented author.
Great plot that keeps the reader guessing.
Reminded me of Rebecca one of my favorites
I could not put this book down.  Excelleng
Great read!  Best I've read in a long time
Saw the movie, too. Liked the book better!
No problems with the download to my Kindle
Wow. Twist after twist until the very end!
Law & Order/Criminal Minds all in one.....
Best book that I have read in a long time!
arrived in a timely manner -- great  read!
Didn't want to put the book down. Twisted.
Great story, keep me hooker the whole read
Better than the movie but very very close.
I thought it was fun reading with a twist!
Great book, ending could have been better.
Amazing read....cant wait to see the movie
Could not put the book down.  What a ride!
Keeps you on your toes wondering whodunit!
Just hope the movie won't be disappointing
I loved this book.  Could not put it down!
One if the best I've read in a long time !
Quick read with lots of turns in the plot.
very good, but needed a better ending.....
A really wonderful psychological thriller!
It surprised me. One of my favorite books.
Could not put it down. Finished in 4 days!
Couldn't wait to see ""who done it
Awesome, exciting, edge of your seat ride!
Awesome. Really grabs you into their lives
Great book!! Did not want to put it down!!
love it. couldn't be happier :) great read
I had a hard time starting off with this book. I was somewhat bored in the beginning. But when I got into the heart of the book it was amazing....mind blowing what one person can do that you think you know.
If you are looking for a cannot-put-down-stay-up-all-night-reading book. I highly recommend this book. It was pure suspense and well written. I only wish she had a hundred more books so I could hibernate.
Tightly plotted with fascinating, fully-realized (though not necessarily sympathetic) characters.And talk about suspense! I'm the early-to-bed, early-to-rise type and this had me up until 2am.
Exceptionally well written. This gripping story of a disappearing wife will have you gasping in surprise and leave you conflicted and happy and disappointed all at the same time. Unreal. Loved every page!
I would highly recommend this book as it contained a little of everything from drama, mystery, and suspense!  There are lots of twists and turns that leave the reader wanting more!  I couldnt put it down!
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. There was a big reveal halfway through the book and I was wondering what the author was going to do with the rest of the story, but it certainly didn't disappoint.
From page one GONE GIRL draws the reader in and  does not  let go til the surprising end.  This book was finished in  record time because I couldn't stop reading  til late at night.  Highly recommended!
Loved this book.  Couldn't put it down...
Thriller with an amazingly created story.
Great read! Kept me coming back for more.
Finally a book I didn't want to put down!
Quick read. Enjoyed the twists and turns.
Beautifully written.  A real page turner.
Love the unexpected element of this book.
Darn good book!!! Ending sucked though :)
Great read, more involved than the movie.
The book was much better  than the movie.
I loved reading it.  I wish it was longer
Book several times better than the movie.
Very captivating, I couldn't put it down!
a great story with a turn in each chapter
I couldn't put it down! Such a good book.
Loved the book.  Have not yet seen movie.
Great book, a lot more than in the movie!
Really keeps you guessing--well written!!
Great book - glad to find it in hardback.
Very well written! Could not put it down!
Loved the twists and turns in this novel!
Very captivating!  Could not put it down.
Amazing story. Edge of your seat reading!
it was a great book. couldn't put it down
fantastic, chilling could not put it down
great book can't wait to see the movie...
Page turner........could not put it down!
:-OExcellent read. Instant classic.
That was a good book, interesting ending.
Great suspense thriller with a fun twist.
Great book. Crazy plot twist. A must read
Best read in a LONG time. Great twist. :)
Great Read!! Can't wait to see the movie.
Good book. Full of suspense and guessing.
It was a real ""Oh my gosh"" story.
Couldn't put my kindle down!!!! Loved it!
Great book, super fast shipping as stated
Great book!!! Could not stop reading it!!
Amazing, couldn't stop until it was over.
It is better and scarier than the movie !
Love the writing, she's clever and funny.
Gripping book withots of twists and turns
Awesome book- MUCH better than the movie!
Excellent book! Lots of twists and turns!
Absolutely awesome. Couldn't put it down.
Excellent read...love the open endedness!
Could not stop reading this.  Great book.
Lots of twists and turns kept me reading.
Loved it. Keep me  interested throughout.
Couldn't put it down until I finished it.
A real page turner - now to see the movie
Great book, waaaay better than the movie.
Excellent !!!  Movie was great as well !!
Great book with lots of twists and turns.
Gripping from the first page to the last.
Great read.  Awesome plot line. Must read
I loved this book. I can't wait see movie
Great book! I highly recommend to anyone.
Great book! Loved it more than the movie!
totally unexpected story line!  loved it.
A real page-turner, couldn't put it down!
Great book. Just did not like the ending.
Loved it! Kept me on the edge of my seat.
Very good book cant wait to see the movie
Book much better than the movie...?thanks
Great book with many twists in the story.
Loved every gripping, nail biting moment.
Loved this book! The ending was shocking!
Loved it!  I can't wait to see the movie.
Very well written. Keeps you on the edge.
Excellent thriller with a surprise twist.
Well written and lots of twists! Enjoyed!
Great book, looking forward to the movie.
great book!!! a movie must to come out!!!
Great read! Kept me wanting to know more.
Gripping Page-turner! Highly recommended!
The book was a real page turner!!! I enjoyed every second of it! Having said that it is irritating at the same time, no spoilers here so I won't go on.  I would recommend it for sure!! Happy reading!!!
I could not put this book down.  Gone Girl is a wonderful read, well written with amazing characters.The ending ...  we had quite a discussion (my friend and I who both read it at the same time).
I thought this book was amazing. A lot of my friends did not like the ending but I thought it so incredible that the author could even begin to create such a twisted story. It sure held my attention.
Loved this book!  So many twists and turns. It was a slow start but quickly became a page turner. I cant wait to read other stories by this author.  I really like the way she develops the characters.
This book was a page turner...I loved it...until the ending. I did not like the ending...unless there is a planned sequel. A sequel would make a whole lot of sense on the way this book ended...ugh!!
Fast read takes you into seemingly normal relationship/marriage.  As the book progresses with well written descriptive style, it becomes a mystery of sorts with unusual outcome.  An excellent book.
Gillian Flynn is a master at creating the ultimate unreliable narrator.  I couldn't put this book down, and every time I thought I had it figured out, she threw another curve ball.  Fabulous book.
This crazy woman is crazier in the book.
This was so much better than the movie!!
holy cow!  this was a killer! brilliant!
A great book - so many twists and turns!
Gripping story that I could not put down
This book held me from beginning to end.
Strange book but guess that's the story.
Awesome! Superb writing. Lots of twists.
Couldn't put it down.  Loved the twists.
great book.........did not see the movie
Well written and a definite page turner.
On the edge if my seat most if the book!
I loved this book; couldn't put it down.
Keeps you in suspense till the very end!
Could not put this down, excellent read!
Loved it, much much more than the movie!
Twists throughout the story.  Very good.
Great book! Twists and turns unexpected.
GREAT BOOK! Can't wait to see the movie!
Good book with lots of twists and turns.
Great thriller!!  Couldn't put it down!!
Great read.  Can't wait to see the movie
Really good read, I couldn't put it down
Can't put it down, once you start it....
One of the best books I've read in 2014!
Really great, and everyone knows it now.
Amazing book. Didnnt want to put it down
Great read! Unexpected twists and turns.
Awesome book - really keeps you guessing
A great page turner...can't put it down!
Great book with lots of twists and turns
Perfect ending! Great twisting plotline!
Not what I expected a definite must read
Love this book and the movie is awesome!
What a thriller! I couldn't put it down.
Great read! Be ready to stay up late ...
Kept me guessing! Better than the movie.
It's a quick read because it is so good.
Great book! Can't wait to see the movie!
Couldn't put it down. The ending...what?
Great book. Can't wait to see the movie.
Like a GREAT dateline episode in a book!
Great product, fast shipping, thank you.
I loved this book, it kept you thinking.
great read, much fun and surprise ending
Great book. Can't wait to see the movie.
Great book!!!  Lots of twists and turns!
Awesome, enjoy every moment reading this
Interesting novel. Better than the movie
brilliant; a pageturner - don't miss it1
Great book! Can't wait to see the movie!
Very suspenseful with a surprise ending!
Very interesting and well written story.
A very well written book. A joy to read.
Excellent!  Can't wait to see the movie!
Fantastic book...I couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down. Entertaining read!
Can't wait to see how the film turns out
Excellent read! Cant wait for the movie!
Great read if you like twists and turns.
Delightfully poisonous! Breathless read!
What a thriller. Great twists. Loved it.
Great book.  It was hard to put down!!!!
Can't wait to see the movie this fall!!!
Great book. Can't wait to see the movie.
great suspense and many twists and turns
Awesome read! Many twists. Good writing.
Super messed up but so hard to put down.
Great read. Unexpected twists and turns.
Excellent novel! I couldn't put it down.
Fabulous book. Very interestily written!
Arrived as described. Thanks! A+++++++++
Amazing novel! !!!!! The book had so many twist and turns. We read this at book club and it was a great book to discuss. Have fun reading it, i would be interested to know who's side your on :-)
A great read-has lots of twists and turns and leaves you in shock at the end.  It may start slowly but keep going 'cause the author was brilliant in her storyline.  Should make for a fab movie.
I changed my mind several times during this book.  Very well done!  I have passed it around the neighborhood and may use it for next year's Book Club even though most will have read it already.
Really got caught up in the twists and turns. A perfect female antagonist. Evil conniving bad to the very core. Set up for sequel where this bitch must go down hard... In my humble opinion....
This book is fantastic. It's my first by Gillian to read and I can't wait to read the other two. She really keeps you guessing to a point and the characters are very real and easy to imagine.
Lived up to the hype. Highly recommend!
Great read. Best of Ms. Flynn's novels.
Item was perfect, thanks. Great seller.
Slow to start but amazing once it does.
Couldn't stop reading! So nice to read!
Great book! Loved it! Real page turner!
Was easy read, didn't want to put down.
Great insight into the human character.
Great read.  Very big surprise at end!!
Read the book before you see the movie!
Great story, lots of twists and turns !
Great book!!! Way better than the movie
Excellent book.  Better than the movie.
Loved this novel. Very different style.
Great book...hard to put this book down
Great book..need to watch the movie now
Pure page turner!!!  Thrilling in fact.
Couldn't put it down. Mesmerizing story
Couldn't put the book down--great read!
Loved the book - not so much the movie.
Great book~  would definitely recommend
Kept me guessing through the whole book
AMAZING book! Lots of twists and turns.
kept me reading straight through.  Wow!
Loved all of the twists - great ending.
A great read that keeps your attention.
Saw the movie so want to read the book!
A fast and fun read. Lots of surprises.
Brutal and slow at times but excellent.
Fantastic book. Totally sucked me in. W
Excellent read. Grabs you & keeps you!!
Suspenseful with good twists and turns!
Great book. Even better than the movie!
One of the best books I have ever read!
Slow to start but a nail biting finish!
Great book, much better than the movie.
Excellent hard to put down when reading
I liked all but the ending.  Good read.
good book, read before seeing the movie
Everything I expected! Love the twists.
Very well written . . . different . . .
Twisted and thrilling at the same time!
A quick read - couldn't put it down!!!!
Keeps your interest until the very end!
A gift for my fiancee and she loved it.
One of the best books ever! A must read
Great book!!.. didn't like the ending!!
Fantastic read!!! Couldn't put it down!
What a great book! I really enjoyed it!
Loved it!  Now I have to see the movie!
Awesome book...lots of twists and turns
Very well written and eerily excellent!
Amazing book....I couldn't put it down!
Hope the movie is as good as this read.
Loved it!  Read it in a day and a half.
I couldn't put the book down. Loved it!
Amazing read! Definitely a page turner.
Loved the book, won't see the movie ...
Great book looking forward to the movie
Haven't read it, but highly interested.
Great book with some incredible twists.
Good book, can't wait to see the movie.
Awesome read. Can't wait for the movie.
Great book.  Interesting relationships.
A book so good it was hard to put down.
I could believe the ending of the book.
Well written, lots of twists and turns.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book!
I couldn't put this book down.  The writing was great, the story was engaging from the very beginning.  The ending was a little disappointing,  but overall I would highly recomend this book
I was engrossed from the moment I started Gone Girl.  Then it got to the point of 'who is manipulating whom?'  Talk about twists and turns and psychological scheming.  This is a great read!
In the beginning I was wondering what all of the hype was about but then as you really get into the book, it's like ""holy cow"" this is such a great read.  Very fun, the twists and turns.
Fabulous...I thought it was going in one direct, then half way through I thought another direction...andthe ending you WILL NEVER GUESS. Great read...sent on to My Momma to read next...
This book really kept my interest.  At the midway point of the book, just when I thought I knew what was going on....BAM!....a shocker!!!  I highly recommend this book as a 'must read'!
Great book!  Lots of twists and turns.
Great read, well paced, stunning plot!
Kinda slow at the end but I enjoyed it
Starts out slow but sure does heat up!
Loved it! Never saw the twists coming.
Great book always kept me in suspense!
Very different book - kept me guessing
A great books with lots of plot twists
Loved this book! Couldn't put it down.
One of those books you can't put down!
book is ""disturbing""  loved it
This was a creepy but satisfying read.
A very upsetting but interesting story
Twisted story! I couldn't put it down!
One crazy girl.  She was gone alright!
Brilliant but there has to be a sequel
Excellent story, better than the movie
WOW!  Has to be a sequel for this one.
strange ending but love the story line
one of those 'can't put it down' books
Excellent book all the way to the end.
Could not put this down....great read!
Great read, way better than the movie.
one fab story!!Nail biter all the way.
Great book - lots of twists and turns!
Loved it - much better than the movie!
Awesome.  Went back and read it again.
loved it! great book! highly recommend
I love it. can't wait to see the film.
Could not put it down. Excellent book!
Great story that keeps your attention.
One of the best novels I've ever read.
So well written!!  Full of suspense!!!
Love the suspense and all the twists!!
Great mystery! Very thought provoking.
very good book alot of twist and turns
What an imagination Gillian Flynn has!
Fantastic!!!!!!! Mind blowing novel!!!
It certainly had a few twists in plot.
Unbelievable read. Great delivery, tx!
best book I have read in years 5 stars
it's one of the best books I've read!!
Gillian Flynn can really,really write.
Exceptional, full of unexpected twists
Very good!!.Want to see the movie now!
Great reading, could not  put it down.
Full of twists and turns. A good read.
Lots of twists and turns.  I loved it.
love this book, going to see movie now
Best story I have read in a long time!
Loved this book! Time to see the movie
Excellent Read! Could not put it down.
Unbelievable! Can't put the book down!
I loved the book but hated the ending!
One of the best novels I've ever read.
Great book, lots of twists and turns!!
GREAT read.  Lots of twists and turns.
Loved it . Wasn't expecting the ending
Great book.  Anxious to see the movie.
Great book! It keeps you on your toes.
The ending is upsetting but good read.
Hope the movie is as good as the book!
Loved it!  Can't wait to see the movie
held your interest right until the end
Love this book.  Couldn't put it down!
AMAZING book can't wait for the movie!
Great read!! Can't wait for the movie!
Excellent read. Could not put it down!
Very well written; a real page turner.
Unforeseen twist and turns , loved it!
Book was in good condition, great read
A mesmerizing, totaling engaging tale.
Great book cant wait for the next one!
There is nothing nice about any of the characters in this novel, but they were interesting enough to keep me reading. A fast-paced novel that will keep you guessing until the very end.
Great book! Highly recommended. difficult to get into at first as it has a lot of exposition background info etc. kind of dragged on in the end but well worth the time and money spent!
Can't put it down.  Twists and turns you wouldn't expect.  Highly recommend for great entertaining reading.  I haven't finished it yet and can't figure out where it's going to go next.
I liked the fact that the novel is written in the first person from two perspectives.  The author keeps the reader guessing throughout.  I heartily recommend Gone Girl.  A great read!
I couldn't put it down! I wanted to find out what really happened. Gyllian Flynn is really knowledgable about human psychology! She has great insight into marriage. Really good read!
I saw the author on The View and decided to read the book.  Not at all what I thought would happen in the end.  Held my interest and I certainly hope the book continues.  Can't wait.
I couldn't put the book down!  It was well written and kept me on the edge of my seat.  I don't want to give anything away, but there were many moments when my jaw hit the floor!!!!
It's been a while since I read a book I could no put down. Well paced,plot twists,interesting characters( who you may not always like) make for a page turner. Go get this book now.
Awesome book and movie. And I'm male.
Great book, lots of twists and turns.
Could not put it down. What a ending!
Good book.  Good author.  Downloaded.
Awesome! Can't wait to see the movie!
A real page turner.  Shocking ending.
One of my favorite books of all time.
Great book, with awesome plot twists!
Excellent book...couldn't put it down
Very much like the movie, but better.
Very good book. I would recommend it.
Excellent. Much better than the movie
Loved it! Lots of twists and turns :)
Great read with an interesting twist!
Excellent book about two crazy people
Excellent book.  I felt every word...
Great book with many twist and turns.
Much better than the movie great book
very interesting book.  Well written.
I can hardly wait to see the movie!!!
Awesome book...couldn't put it down!!
Very engrossing. Kept me very engaged
Great story, well written, easy read.
Wonderful book ! Absolutely loved it.
Exactly what I expected  Good service
well written.  Keeps you in suspense.
A great novel with a twist. Loved it!
Great novel.... couldn't put it down!
Great read.  Lots of twists and turns
This  Book is better than the movies.
I can't stop reading it.  Great book.
Very good book, couldn't put it down.
Mort thought provoking than the film!
Excellent product, rapidly delivered.
Gone Girl was a gift... She loved it!
Brilliant and the movie was great too
awesome plot and story - a pageturner
Awesome book, can't wait to finish it
A gift to my girlfriend who loved it.
I liked it a lot more than the movie!
wonderful twist to a good story......
Excellent read, couldn't put it down!
Outstanding read!  I loved this book.
Holds your attention to the last page
Excellent.  Could not stop readin it.
yo dis book gud. dat gurl disappeert.
Excellent read! Couldn't put it down!
Keeps you on the edge. Very good read
Loved it, want to see the movie next.
Couldn't guess the ending... loved it
Great book!!! Couldn't put it down!!!
Great book, got it in time. Good job!
Cannot put this book down. It's great
A great read; I couldn't put it down!
Very spell binding, hard to put down!
Great read, Can't wait for the movie.
So many twists and turns. Great read!
Twisted love story, hard to put down!
Got this as a gift but they loved it!
Love this, can't wait for the movie!!
Great book, can't wait for the movie!
Fun, twisty, turny, and a great read.
Hard to put down book - well written!
Awesome book! Creepy and suspenseful.
Sensational book. A real page turner.
Def page turner! I read it in 2 days.
Great reading, nice twist in the end.
I wanted more!!!!! Loved this book!!!
Couldn't put it down--great suspense.
Amazing book, I couldn't put it down!
excellent quick read...lots of twists
Absolutely thrilling and suspenseful.
this book was written so well and was an easy read because of that. the plot was thick and twisted, constantly pulling you in different directions. I highly recommend this book!!!
I just can't go into details but if you like a good mystery thriller, you should read Gone Girl! Haven't read anything else by Gillian Flynn but I will be after reading this one!!
This is a must read especially for mystery lovers.  I could not put it down. The format the writer used makes it an easy and quik read. It's not as predictable as you may think.
I thought this was a very great read and would recommend to all. The author is great at keeping you in suspense.  Take the time to read it. Can't wait to read more of her books.
Great read- loved the complex insights. Would highly recommend.You could never guess ending- I went to end midway through and enjoyed it greatly though I knew the ending.
The book is great! The movie is NOT!
Brilliant to the the very last word.
a great read.. Better than the movie
Love her writing style. Great story.
Awesome book. Well written. Love it.
Intriguing.  A page turner for sure!
Great read.  I couldn't put it down.
Great book!  Keeps you on your toes!
GREAT Book!! A definite page-turner!
Wow! is all I'll say. A must read 👌
WTF. I mean seriously. WTF. So Good!
excellent book, enjoyed it very much
Psychological study in first person.
Very entertaining, and quite a tale.
Couldn't put it down....excellent!!!
Looking forward to seeing the movie.
I couldn't put it down.  Great read!
Would recommend this book to anyone.
Received in record time on my Kindle
Awesome read. Many twists and turns.
Couldn't put it down, very gripping.
I read this book in 4 days. Amazing!
Loved the book, it kept my interest.
Good read. Kind of a bizarre ending.
Holy cow...amazing is all I can say.
Awesome book! Better than the movie.
Liked the book.  Interesting twists.
Twists and turns. It had me engaged.
Very good book. Highly recommend it!
Very well written story. Intriguing.
Very engaging and full of surprises!
Excellent!!! The twist blew my mind.
Really enjoyed the book & the movie!
excellent.  I could not out it down.
Great book. I could not put it down.
Absolutely amazing. Super intense...
Great read. And.......SPOILER ALERT!
Would do repeat business with vendor
Loved it end the way it was ment to.
Good looooong story. Love the twists
Riveting read.  I really enjoyed it.
The best book I have read this year.
Exciting all they way to the ending!
loved everything but the ending.....
The best read book for a long time!!
Great book! I couldn't put it down!!
Great story & character development.
Suspenseful, and never a dry moment!
a page turner from start to finish!!
Great, fast read.  Full of suspense.
Loved the book but hated the ending.
Well written and absolutely riveting
Got it quickly! Enjoying every word!
excellent ending my jaw just dropped
Really good read; horrible language.
Loved the suspense and fine details!
Great book.Couldn't stop reading it!
What a story!  Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down, great read!!!!
A great read. Even the the 2nd time!
great book really hold your interest
Great book....could not put it down.
very good book could not put it down
Definitely a great read from page 1!
Loved it! Could not stop reading it.
Good book. Can't wait for the movie.
Gewat book can't wait for the movie.
another awesome book by this author!
A good read, but I hated the ending.
Really good book, unexpected ending.
Loved this book and all the twists!!
Great book! Can't wait for the movie
arrived as expected, good condidtion
I love a story that I can't predict.
Such a page turner! GreatBook!
a favorite. can't wait for the movie
A Wild ride is what this book gave me. It was different from any book I've ever read. I LOVED it and could read it again at some time. Makes for great and lenthy discussions.
Absolutely loved this book from start to finish.  Even liked the ending that not everyone has been happy with.  This is my 2nd book by this author and i have loved them both.
This book was great, as are Gillian Flynn's other novels.  I couldn't put it down, and I must say, keeping me interested in a book is tough! Very well written and engrossing.
Just when you think you got it figured out your wrong! This story was so unpredictable, witty and masterfully written.  I won't give anything away.  All I can say it read it!
Compelling, shocking, intriguing and beautifully written! I feel as if I know these characters. Their twisted yet rational thoughts are so credible it shakes me to the core.
Enjoyed this book so much that ordered her other two novels.  I liked Sharp Objects, but Gone Girl is much more complex and riveting.  Do yourself a favor and read this one!
This book was hard to put down.  I really liked that it was not easy to predict how it was going to turn out.  I am an avid reader, and this was one of the best I have read!
This book was fantastic. I listened to the audiobook version and enjoyed the shifting perceptions of the characters and all of the unexpected twists. definitely a good read!
Loved this! Couldn't put it down. Interesting mystery created around  the unique characteristic traits of protagonists. A great read! Interesting turn of events at the end.
From the moment I started to read this book I was hooked.  Twist after twist after twist.  I'm picking up more of Gillian Flynn in the hope all of her books are this good.
Outstanding plot...many twists and turns.  Very well written, Keeps the reader in suspense from the beginning.  A reminder of the movie ""War of the Roses""!!!!!!!!
I really enjoyed this book.  It had a lot of twist and turns and was well written.  The book's ending was rather abrupt but not as bad as other reviewers.Good read.
Gone Girl: A Novel - well written and suspenseful, love it when a story takes surprising twists and turns. Could not put this one down until the very last page. Loved it!
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. I got the Kindle version and will continue getting all my books via Kindle. Also, I enjoy getting the Amazon deal of the day emails.
I see there are so many other reviews of this engrossing book that I need not go into details.  I will just add a few comments of my own. I'm not usually a reader of mystery novels but I somehow stumbled into this one and I have to admit it is brilliantly done.  I thought it started off slowly since I was in a hurry to find out what happened to the missing wife but then it gradually picked up speed and intensity. I won't give any spoiler alerts but the plotlines are simply amazing.  And I was miserable at how it ended - I would like to rewrite that!  It requires some suspension of belief as they say.  But I have to admit that the ending was brilliant - completely fits in with the characters.  Yuck.  Read it - you won't be able to put it down. And details will haunt you for a long time.  Brilliant writing.
This author certainly knows how to keep you interested.  I was fascinated as to how her mind works.  Loved the book and have already recommended it to my reader friends.
This book I could not put down. So many turns and surprises I had no idea what was next. Really a fast read. Crazy marriage and crazy characters , really quite shocking.
Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is an absolute must-read for anyone who enjoys complex and well-developed characters, sophisticated story lines, and honest and gritty writing.
weird,but a quick read. Dark people
Amazing book! Couldn't put it down!
Excellent read. Highly recommended.
Fantastic read!  Great transaction!
Great read! I couldn't put it down.
Excellent. Thrilling. Well written.
Too diabolical... Too messed up....
Great book, I couldn't put it down!
Great book, I couldn't put it down!
Love this book so far! A must read!
Keeps you reading without stopping.
Great book,  didn't like the ending
Great book! Keeps you on your toes!
Great book - very hard to put down.
Great writer and suspenseful story.
A classic, can't put the book down!
Great book! Easy and enjoyable read
Best book I've read in a long time!
Cdn't put it down!!!!Great read!!!!
Twists and turns. Makes you wonder.
Better than the movie. Captivating.
Great book.....loved the movie too!
Great read...The ending needs help.
Clearly this was an excellent book!
Arrived quickly, but book overrated
Great Writing.  Amazing Story Line!
A little disappointed in the ending
good book! i didnt want it to end!!
Great twists!  It kept me guessing.
Slow start but got good as you read
Crazy!  Didn't want to put it down.
Kept me turning the pages for sure!
Great Book!  I highly recommend it!
Lots of twists & turns. Great read!
Great book, I couldn't put it down.
Great book. Didn't like the ending!
Excellent read.  Kept you guessing.
The book was better than the movie.
One of my favorite writers by far!!
Terrific Book!......Terrific Movie!
Wonderful book and wonderful movie.
I will be buying more of her books!
Fabulous book, couldn't put it down
Quick delivery, great to deal with.
looved the book ! read it in 2 days
Want to read before watching movie.
Even better after seeing the movie!
Great book so many twists and turns
Loved the book....hated the ending!
Excellent book. Highly recommended.
At the top of my best sellers list!
Loved it! So many twists and turns.
Best book I've read in a long time!
Very engaging and hard to put down.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat!
Keeps you at the edge of your seat!
best book I've read in a long time.
A very intense and intriguing story
Great read!  Could not put it down!
Best book I've read in a long time!
Fascinating, could not put it down!
Product as described, fast shipping
Great book..couldn't put it down! !
Could not put it down!! Great read!
Lots of twists & turns, great read!
lot of twist and turns. great read!
Such an intense read!!! Good book!!
It was very good. Very suspenseful.
Love this author's writing & brain!
Very unusal--not at all expected!!!
Page-turner, unexpected twists, fun
Great book! I couldn't put it down!
A very please with my purchase!!!!!
Awesome read!! Brilliantly written... Twists and turns that keep you wanting more! Makes you wonder who could possibly be so conniving?! I could not put my Kindle down.
This was a great book. Not a slow chapter in it. As soon as I finished it I started reading another one of her books, ""Dark Places"". It was just as good or even better.
I decided to read this because the movie cast caught my attention.  I couldn't put it down.  It was an intense read and an even more intense ending.  So well written.
Excellent suspenseful read.  Hard to put down, I definately would recommend to my friends.Sometimes it is great to read a twisted story....surprises continually
I really enjoyed this book. I did not expect it to end they way it did.  Which by the way, had a great ending. The author made the whole book a ""can't put down book"".
Brilliantly done; exciting plot twists. Would not have guessed I'd be rooting for such a despicable character. First Gillian Flynn novel I've read and I'm now a fan!!
Another Giiian Flynn masterpiece!  Who needs psychiatry when she can explain your own secret feelings. Now throw in a good twist and turn plot and enjoy what awaits!
Thriller. Just when you know what happens. .....well drawn characters that we think we all know.  Page turner that will leave you guessing at every turn of the page.
This story  of a young married couple weaves a very tangled web. Great writing. Unforeseen twists & turns throughout. Could not put this book down! Talented writer.
Outstanding, thrilling, well written and haunting.  Will stay with you long after you are done. I would love to find another book as well-written and great to read.
This book was full of surprises, very well written and what a surprising ending!This was the first book I have read by this author but will definitely read another!
Absolutely loved all the twists in this novel.  They never quit.  It was capturing from the beginning.  Couldn't put it down and enjoyed every bit of it to the end!
Let this book manipulate you. Excellent writing, twisted plot, take-no-prisoners characters.A thesis on deception, your spouse will never look the same again.
This was a recommendation from my aunt & I loved it! It was twisted and kept you guessing. Over all very entertaining and I will certainly recommend this to others.
The story captured my interest right from the start.  I loved the twist and turns in the story.  The ending made me wonder, what next?  Made a great book club book.
This book blew my mind! Sooo good!
Excellent book. Can't stop reading
Great read and then see the movie!
really good book with twists/turns
Hard to get into but a great book.
Gripping!  I couldn't put it down!
Great book!! Couldn't put it down.
worth reading but kinda depressing
Loved both the book and the movie.
Slow getting started, but loved it
Great read. I highly recommend it.
Great story and amazing writing!!!
Great read!  Couldn't put it down.
Excellent delivery time. All good!
Very well written and a great plot
Loved it!! They deserve each other
Real page Turner really enjoyed it
A great book!  Enjoyed reading it!
Unexpected ending!  Great reading.
Surprise, surprise and I loved it!
Awesome book, twisty and exciting.
Great book! I couldn't put it down
Keeps you enthralled till the end!
Great book with lots of surprises.
Great novel with a surprise twist!
Still reading, but cannot put down
Arrived on time and as advertised.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat
Nick Dunne stuck his D in crazy...
Couldn't put it down.  Great book!
Good book....very interesting read
Great book!  Couldn't put it down.
written in a unique way - WOW!!!!!
Great book, could not put it down.
good read! lots of twist and turns
Excellent read....Quite different!
Great book. Recommend it for sure.
Really good read, just disturbing.
Very interesting twists and turns.
Great book, loved the wiring style
Loved this book.  Great easy read.
Love the twists! Hard to put down.
Great book.  Lots of hidden twists
Great book, didn't want it to end.
Riveting.....couldn't put it down!
Excellent story line. Well written
Experience was excellent as usual.
Keeps you guessing the whole time!
Wow! Clever! Smart! Spell binding!
Great book - couldn't put it down.
Love it! And the movie was amazing
Great book with unending suspense.
Suspenseful, couldn't put it down.
As good as what everyone is saying
Great book.  Couldn't put it down.
Really good but I hated the ending
Awsome can't wait to see the movie
Very intriguing. Fully enjoyed it.
A wonderful and exciting thriller.
Could not put it down! Great book!
Very good characters and nice plot
loved this novel very well written
Fast read with a lot of surprises!
Fantastic read all the way through
Twists and turns to the  very end.
Amazing book-- a real page turner.
Excellent story line with a twist!
Could not put it down!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best book I've read in a long time
Riveting.  Could not put it down!!
Intelligent, fast paced, riveting.
Very intriguing! Very suspenseful!
Great book!  Enjoyed it very much!
The characters in this book are so fabulous! Very intriguing twists and turns in the story plot. Borders on creepy, but interesting creepy! I couldn't put it down!
Loved this book...very surprised how the story unfolded. Its a very well written book and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for good mystery/drama.
The main female character in Gone Girl gets ""the last word"" in this novel.  With the diabolically clever set-up of her cheating husband,and her semi-plausible lies, she fakes her own death and almost gets him arrested, then falls for his (insincere) pleas to come back home, saving him from a murder charge, and committing murder herself in the process of her return. She gets out of that one too!  The book ends with a stalemate between husband and wife, each one having deep hatred and mistrust for the other. Yet somehow a ""fatal attraction"" and a pregnancy keep them bound together.  I would love to see a sequel in which the husband takes a page from his crazy wife's book and is calculating enough to bring her down and establish a life with their child, and another woman.
This is the first book I have read by Gillian Flynn. I really enjoyed reading from the two main character's points of view.  I can't wait to read her other books.
this book had surprising plot twists, it was an easy read, and definitely a page turner.  would recommend to anyone who likes action, murder, mystery, and twists.
Great insight into the mind of an unbalanced woman!  Interesting moving from the perspective of the husband to that of the wife.  I loved it and highly recommend.
Edge of your seat excitement to the end!!  It was an interesting read from the two main characters' perspectives.  I could not put this book down for one minute!!
Definitely worth the read! Suspenseful with a surprising twist at the end.  As much as I didn't like the ending It was the perfect ending!! Couldn't put it down!
Great read...dark with twists and turns till the last word! Read the authors other two books,  Sharp Objects and Dark Places...Gone Girl was the better of them.
What fun to read.  I feel I have discovered a new author in the realm of Grisham, Sandford, Deaver, King, Koontz, et al.  After reading this, I immediately ordered the rest of Ms. Flynn's stuff and can't wait for more!Yes, it is an unusual novel full of complicated and intense characters, some not so nice (an understatement) but that's what makes it so much fun!  But beware, this is not the kind of fun you bring home to Mom, no no, it's the fun of watching a dysfunctional town and it's peeps implode as events unfold.  Even better, the various points of view presented by a few different narrators is delightful. Granted, the end isn't up to par with the rest of the book but it's okay.  I try to read at least one novel a week--in between all of the technical books I read--and I finished this in a couple of days.  Reading this is akin to being a ""looky-loo"" at a rollover crash on the highway, but that's a big part of what makes it so compelling.This isn't for everyone, as evidenced by the large number of single *'s but if you are willing to suspend your disbelief and leave your values on the shelf, it is insanely riveting!Never wrote a book review before on Amazon but felt compelled to do so in this case.  Ms. Flynn: Thank you so much for writing this and your other novels and please keep 'em coming!
Thoroughly enjoyed -an engrossing and engaging read. I  couldn't put it down. Very creative approach -loved the character development  - lots of ups and downs.
I really liked this book and how it was written.  The way the chapters were written kept me looking forward to the next one.  Not sure about the ending though.
Loved this book. Such a good mystery, could not put it down untill I found out what happeded.Loaned it to a friend to read because I know she will love it too.
I absolutely loved this book.  I thought I had it all figured out more than once.  The characters were so interesting. I did not want this one to end. Awesome!
Fine story: better than the film.
great story! Keeps you intrigued.
One of the best books I've read!!
Very good!!  Hard to put it down!
Great read! Couldn't put it down.
Great read. Disturbing but great.
Didn't want to put the book down.
Excellent... It kept my attention
Great read! Holds your attention!
You won't be able to put it down.
Great book  Couldn't put it done!
Love it, better than the movie :)
Kept me guessing and in suspense.
Many twist and turns.  Great read
A ""tricksy"" little novel.
Great book.  Recommend reading it
Great book, couldn't put it down.
Great story and interesting twist
Just as expected and arrived fast
Great read. Couldn't put it down.
Twisting tale. Keeps you guessing
wonderfully written, great story.
Suspenseful and slightly twisted,
I loved it.could not put it down.
Excellent book, highly recommend.
Great read with unexpected twists
Fast paced mystery! Well written!
Loved it!!! Fantastic read 👍👍👍
Fast delivery,  as described, A++
Great book, couldn't put it down!
What an incredible twisted story.
A great read! Keeps you guessing.
GREAT BOOK. COULD NOT PUT IT DOW.
Great book!  I have to see movie.
Excellent read, very well written
Great mystery novel. Creeeeeepy!!
GREAT!!!!!!! could wait to finish
Great read with a surprise ending
Great story! And amazing writing!
Great read! Couldn't put it down.
great book, couldn't put it down!
A page turner with several twists
So far so good!  Hard to put down
Great story. Couldn't put it diem
gripping novel  really enjoyed it
I loved it. It was a page turner!
Loved the book! Hard to put down!
Great read and delivered on time.
Great read. Couldn't put it down.
Great Book Could not put it down.
Great story. Couldn't put it down
Excellent book. Hard to put down.
Great book! Couldn't put it down!
Great book! Couldn't put it down!
Suspense filled and well done. JB
Great Read.  Couldn't put it down
Wow!  This was a fantastic story.
Sensational. Twists and turns....
Many unexpected twists and turns!
Twisted and very hard to put down
The best thriller I've ever read!
Very disturbing mind manipulation
page turner now want to see movie
Great read, couldn't put it down.
Splendid work of mystery fiction.
Kept me guessing to the very end.
Looking forward to the movie now!
Must read! Really good! Loved it!
Great book, couldn't put it down!
Excellent! Couldn't put it down!!
Excellent psychological thriller.
Couldn't put it down. Great book.
Thrilling. Couldn't stop reading!
Totally unpredictable!  Loved it.
Arrived quickly and as described.
Disturbing, clever. Well-plotted.
Great book. Disappointing ending.
Fabulous. I couldn't put it down.
Great read.  Kept me in suspense.
Great reading. Enjoyed very much.
Well-written, good plot. Chilling psychological thriller. Would recommend. I've bought two other books by the same author since and haven't been disappointed.
Interesting style of presentation. Wants to make me read everthing Flynns written! I'll. Probably order the rest of her books. PS love the one click shopping.
First book I've ever read that totally threw me off. It's so unpredictable and I loved it! I love books that keep you thinking, and this one goes beyond that.
this book was great, good mystery and couldnt put it down. loved the 2 angles. read it one day. any one looking for a nice dateline mystery, go get this book!
Gone Girl is the story of Nick and Amy Dunne. A married couple in their mid-30s that doesn't like each other very much. Nick is a self-indulgent, unemployed writer who is rude and negligent towards his wife. Amy is beautiful and narcissistic, a spoiled only child. For some reason they're both still very likeable but you just have this feeling things aren't as they appear. The book is written in dual povs, Nick's in the present and Amy's in the past. From Nick's pov he is the worst husband on the planet. From Amy's pov she's trying so hard to keep her marriage together.The book begins with Amy's disappearance on their five year wedding anniversary and the story continues and unravels with the investigation. At about the halfway point we find out what's really going on and I was pretty shocked.Amy is such a fascinating character. She's so clever and selfish to the point it's amusing. She's completely delusional, a sociopath. But I just couldn't manage to hate her. Once Nick showed up to the party so to speak is when the book really started to get good. Flynn did a great job taking her time giving us a great picture of Nick and Amy's life, very detailed and descriptive, and the way she revealed the pieces of the puzzle was brilliant. I thought the book ended in a strange place but I got it. Overall, I loved it! Bravo!
A great story.  Finally a book worth the hype.  Deliciously unsatisfying! I couldn't put it down.  Gillian Flynn can weave a tale.  This book is a must read.
The first 2 chapters are kind of slow but after that it's a barn burner. Witty in a Sorkin-y kind of way, rather than the twit-lit that is so much out there.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and could not put it down.interesting having the story told by 2 individuals with different view to the issues.
Could not put this one down--stayed up til 2:00 am to finish.  Had me on the edge of my seat til the last page.  Will read both of Flynn's other books now!
This book was amazing...there was twist upon twist and just when you thought you had it figured out there was another twist.now I want to read more.
I loved reading this book and the twists and turns.I enjoyed Gillian Flynn's writing so much, I went on to read previous books by her as well.
Finally a book that actually kept my attention! I read this book in 2 days flat.. couldn't put it down! Anyone who gets bored easily: this one is for you!
Kept me surprised until the last
Fun read. Loved the plot twists.
Great read.  A real page turner.
Love the twist's in ever chapter
Awesome story of twists & turns!
Great read.  Ended too suddenly.
Book much better than the movie!
Arrived on time and as described
Slow start with a strong finish!
Fun read, satisfying conclusion.
Best book I have read this year!
Strong suspense - well developed
Scary good,could not put it down
Thrill ride all the way through.
Kept me engaged the entire book!
Great  read!  Couldn't put down.
Suspenseful right up to the end.
Excellent - 5 Stars for sure !!!
Fun read with a surprise ending!
very cleverly written, original.
Gripping all the way to the end.
Great storyline. Lots of twists.
well put together,great actiion.
gave as a gift, but she loved it
Great writing.  Kept me riveted!
Loved the movie, loved the book.
Good read.  Lots of flash backs.
Great book. Kees your attention.
Turning & twisting all the way!!
Saw the movie and love the book.
Such a surprise ending, love it!
Held my attention right through.
I hope the movie is as riveting.
Twisted plot that had me hooked!
Great read. Couldn't put it down
great writing. Intriguing story.
COULDN'T PUT THIS BOOK DOWN ....
Kept me thinking and entertained
Great read could not put it down
What a great Book!!  I loved it!
boring start but dynamite finish
I loved this book and for format
Great book. Couldn't get enough!
Loved it already paid for movie!
Great book.  Quite a page turner
Gets you mad in every which way.
Thrilling! Couldn't put it down!
Amazingly dark book. Great read!
Great book couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!  A++++++++
Loved it. Completely unexpected.
One of the best novels I've read
Suspenseful - recommend reading!
Keeps you guessing. Great twist.
Great book. Definite turn pager!
interesting read, great mystery.
Just wow. Plot twists and turns.
twists and turns, action packed.
Intriguing plot held my interest
Kept me on the edge! I loved it.
Never a dull moment in the book.
Loved it! Didn't want it to end!
Excellent, couldn't put it down.
A supremely messed up psychological thriller that is exquisitely written. This book is definitely a must read! Will keep you guessing and make you think.
I enjoyed this book very much.  It keeps you guessing.  You won't be sorry purchasing this book.  The author gives you some very interesting characters.
Loved the book-I found it compelling and did not want to put the book down. However, I  did not like the ending! I  bought this for my Ipad from Amazon.
A page turner. Gripping.Ended unexpectedly. But, the reader could imagine any direction.Either gender would enjoy.I highly recommend.
Great read, depth of character, and full of surprises. Hard to put down! Author portrays characters very realistically that you feel part of the story.
i REALLY ENJOYED THIS BOOK. SHE PUSHES YOU ONE WAY AND THEN ANOTHER. ALL I CAN SAY IS IF YOU THINK YOU HAVE A BAD RELATIONSHIP THEN READ THIS.....!!!!!
I thought that this book was well written and kept me on the edge of my seat! Wow! I would recommend it to anyone! I could barely put it down to sleep.
Heard coworkers raving about book so I got it on my kindle . Loved the book ! Was an easy read & characters  kept my interest- lots of twists to story!
Wow!  Twists and turns all throughout the book.  Loved that I thought I had it figured out and then it turned once again!  Attention grabber for sure!
I had not read  book in a while and this was very fun and fast. it is broken up into chapters from her point of view and then from his point of view.
Sleep be damned, I couldn't put this book down!  I loved the mash-up between 'past and present' and 'he said she said'.  Very fun, albeit disturbing!
I really enjoyed this book and have recommended it to friends & family.  I enjoyed the fact that I couldn't figure it out & was constantly surprised.
Very good book!  Some good twists/turns throughout the book, a little disappointed in the ending, but well worth it!  A good read for anyone I think.
It has been a month since I read Gone Girl and I still get goosebumps thinking about it.  I've recommended it to a lot of people.  Everyone loves it.
Well written and entertaining, keep you awake. I'll probably buy more books from this author. I recommended this book to a friend, and she loved it.
amore questa libro. bellissimo.
Couldn't not put the book down.
very suspenseful, and thrilling
Beautiful writing! Great story1
Now I'm ready to see the movie.
Keept me entertained. Loved it.
Excelent! amusing and profound!
The best book I've read this year.
One of the best book I read! 😄
Looks great! Brand New! Love it
Keeps you guessing till the end
Nice twists, keeps you reading.
Excellent-couldn't put it down.
An absolutely outstanding plot.
This book was hard to put down.
great book, highly recommended!
Great book! Kept me interested!
Timely shipping, happy with it.
I couldn't put this book down!!
Exlellent. Awaiting the sequel.
Couldn't put it down fast read!
Well written and a page turner.
NOT WHAT I EXPECTED FOR THE END
Great book. Great shipping time
Loved it, couldn't put it down!
Great book. Twisted for sure!!!
love it , didnt love the ending
Fascinating, well written book.
The best book I have read year.
The Best Sick Relationship Ever
Very exciting and well written.
Kept me on the edge of my seat.
I think it should be a part two
It is definitely a page turner!
Very intriguing and suspenseful
I could not put this book down!
Story as twisted as people are.
Great book but a bit disturbing
As good as everyone says it is!
Totally did not see the ending.
I loved it. Brilliantly twisted
Clever and insanely brilliant!!
Loved it...couldn't put it down
loved the book, hate the ending
Great  also great was the movie
Kept you guessing till the end.
Wonderful book! A real thriller
Gripping, couldn't put it down.
Totally twisted....I loved it!!
Didn't like the ending, though.
Fantastic couldn't stop reading
Great book with lots of twists!
Loved all the twists and turns!
Amazing read.. hard to put down
Suspenseful.  A very good read.
Wow!  What a ride!  Excellent b
Loved it! Couldn't put it down.
page turning thriller, loved it
Good read, plenty of surprises.
Excellent character development, suspense that kept me turning the page.  Gone Girl was cleverly crafted and intense.  I would highly recommend it.
Very enjoyable, fresh story line...couldn't put it down. Author did a wonderful job keeping me guessing who and why, staying far away from cliches.
Great writing. Details are so perfect.  Characters are so well defined...you clearly get to choose sides, and then you doubt your choice! Loved it!
My wife often questioned why I would sit in my car in the driveway for 15+ minutes after I got home from work....Until she started listening to it.
Loved this novel, enjoyed the suprises and the dual inside their head's style of writing.Did not expect most of the twists, captivating book.
Enjoyed every word of this book, I couldn't put it down, I stayed up late androse early to find out what happened, a perfect book to escape!
An amazing look at what we are capable of in relationships... grabbed my attention from the very beginning and held on tight.  An incredible read!
What a twist!  This book was gripping and suspenseful and the twist took me for a loop.  Cleverly written.  Would definitely recommend to others.
Great book, definately lived up to the hype.  The ending seemed to me to be a bit rushed but otherwise no complaints. Great characters and plot!!
this was the first Gillian Flynn book for me it held me right to the end i looked up what other books she wrote and there on my next to read list
See above really great book keeps you engaged and wanting more!It ended so abruptly I was surprisedLove this book really suspenseful
Awesome book! Like War of the Roses gone mad! The start is slow ,but picks up fast. Needs a sequel!!!Read it in one day,I could not put it down.
Excellent read; a little slow up front, well worth continuing to read.  Dialogue is intriguing, develops characters throughly and consistently.
Loved everything about the book. The subject, the characters & all the conflicts. Wonderful twists and turns that Gillian writes so flawlessly.
This book was so interesting. I Could not put this book down.  There was a twist around every corner.  I plan to read more books by this author
This book keeps you on the edge of your set and constantly guessing, if your looking for a hot new book, you should definitely give this a go!!
Great book. Highly recommended
Great book! Hard to our down!!
Intriguing right till the end.
left me wanting more !!!!!!!!!
I couldn't put this book down!
Excellent! I highly recommend!
So much better than the movie!
The movie didn't do it justice
Very well written, intriguing.
Amazing to the very last page.
Unusual book, fabulous!!!!!!!!
Suspensful and full of twists.
Loved it wanted it to continue
riveting from start to finish!
a good read,very well written.
Well written, compelling plot.
enjoyed them all....instantly!
Saw the movie, loved the book!
Gave as a gift. She loved it !
Loved the twist.  What a read!
Totally caught me by surprise.
Suspenseful, hard to put down.
haven't finished yet but WOW!!
Great read, delivered quickly.
Great story with a nice twist.
Very strange but awesome book!
Great read!! Loved it so much!
Great book.  Full on suspense!
purchase was most satisfactory
Twists and turns.  Great read.
Amazing!!!!! I love this book!
Excellent story, well written.
What a twist!  Very good read!
Could not put this book down!!
I couldn't put this book down!
Good book.  Keeps you guessing
Looking forward to the sequel.
Great book with a great twist.
Really great book! And movie!!
Surprises all the way through.
very pleased with my purchase.
Riveting from start to finish!
Excellent book a lot of twist.
Very good book  I recomend it.
Dark mysterious and disturbing
And the movie is just as good.
I could not put this book down
It was great. Twists and turns
Great book, very well written.
Book is better than the movie.
Twisty and turny - just great.
Gripping...a real  page-turner
Gripping. Couldn't put it down
Loved it, couldn't put it down
Crazy twisted book. Must read.
Very good with many surprises.
Loved this book! A must read!!
One of my favorites, excellent
Intelligent. Amusing. Amazing.
Great book!! Can't put it down
Great book! Very entertaining!
Must read; loved the suspense!
Great story.  Surprise ending!
What a twisting turning story!
Almost to the end.... love it!
Had me guessing the whole time
Awesome! Couldn't put it down.
Great twists , very good read.
I love the villan in this book
This is a great book. It keeps you coming back to find out what is  the next step. I totally recommend it. It's like reading a Dateline story.
I really enjoyed this book. You will never see the ending coming!Once I started reading it was hard to put down, I had to know what came next.
This book is a must read.  It's smart, exciting, and really different.  I highly recommend it.  Just be warned, you won't want to put it down!
Keeps you riveted, on the edge of your seat and wondering......pondering clues?  Engaging, witty,so well written. Yes I will read the others.
TRULY A PAGE TURNER...NOT THROUGH YET AND WONDERING ALL THE TIME- WHERE IS IT LEADING?? FEW SUPRISE TURNS- WELL WRITTEN AND HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
This book was well written and very entertaining.  Each chapter had a new twist that made you unable to put the book down.  The end is great!
Great book. Always made you want to keep reading.  I instantly downloaded another Flynn book because I enjoyed the twisted plot of Gone Girl.
Gone Girl is another good book for Gillian Flynn. It keeps you interested with twists and turns that make you not want to put the book down.
This book was recommended to me and I couldn't put it down. I don't read a ton, but this book was just so unbelievably good! Pick it up now!
I really enjoyed reading this book.  It is very well written.  Lots of twists, turns and unexpected events.  Kept me on the edge of my seat!
Loved the book...on the edge of my seat the whole time.  Not sure about the ending...A little disappointing.  Wanted it to go on  and on...
A fast journey into crazy.  Flynn writes as we think, in our secret minds . I always feel like part of a peeping Tom when I read her books.
An entertaining mystery that pulls the reader in from the outset.  Just complicated  enough to be engaging, but not dumbed down.  Loved it!
Great read. One of those books where you promise yourself you'll stop at the end of the chapter and then say, what the hell, just one more.
Common sense seems to dictate that Gone Girl is your typical mystery novel, but it is far from it. Author Gillian Flynn created a masterpiece when it came to the story of Gone Girl. The story follows the lives of Nick and Amy Dunne, whose worlds come crashing down when they get fired from there New York jobs, and have to go back to Nick’s home in Missouri to take care of his mother dying of cancer. However after living in Nick’s hometown for two years, Amy goes missing on there fifth wedding anniversary. In result making Nick look like the culprit. The story switches back and forth between Nick’s present day story and Amy’s diary entries. These two narrators constantly keep you on your toes, causing you to never want to put the book down. Even though I didn’t care for the crude language that was immensed in the book, I would still have to say that it was a fantastic read, and one that I would recommend to any adult. The story is one that is filled with many twists and turns that always keeps you guessing on what will happen next. This is what makes this book such a great one, it makes you want to keeping read on till even after the big question is answered, “Where is Amy?”
I absolutely loved being consumed by this story -- while a bit dark and disturbing, I found a little of me in each of the characters... :)
This was a smartly written, keep you guessing novel. A quick read and I highly recommend it! Off to read Ms. Flynn's other two books now!!
This book kept me guessing! I had read a review on the blog ""thatiswhatsheread"". I always find her reviews to be spot on.  Excellent book.
I liked the back forth husband/wife ""diary"" format.  Not a new idea but a fresh approach on the subject.  I would definitely recommend it.
Best thriller I read in ages!
One of my all time favorites!
when the next book coming out
Very well written. Good book.
Held interest. A wow thought.
Lots of fun twists and turns!
Great book! Hard to put down!
this book made you want more.
Great read, couldn't put down
KEPT ME GUESSING ALL THE WAT.
Fast paced, unexpected ending
great book keeps you guessing
Great book Keeps you guessing
disturbing and fascinating...
Hard to put down. Great book.
Enjoyed the twists and turns!
ONE OF THE BEST...A MUST READ
Great, suspense filled novel!
Had me going right to the end
My gf loved the book! Thanks!
Unbelievable twist and turns!
Amazing, couldn't put it down
A little slow but good story.
one of the best book of 2014!
Loved the twisted characters!
Loved the book. Great writing
Could not put this book down!
Twists and turns; loved it!!!
Still reading, but loving it!
Great quality, fast shipping.
Highly recommend! Great read.
Messed up story.  Great read!
Could not put this book down!
Great read! Wanted more of it
Received as ordered on Kindle
Wow...didn't see that coming!
Wow.  All the hype was right.
Could not put this book down!
It came in perfect condition.
awesome book hated the ending
Terrific from start to finish
I couldn't put the book down!
Loved loved loved this book!!
brilliant story,,but ending ?
Awesome book. Full of twists.
great reading and great movie
Great read!  Highly recommend
Great read. Lots of suspense.
So many shocking plot twists!
An amazing story well written
Awesome book. Worth the read.
Fascinating and mind-blowing.
Great book and fast shipment.
Great book!  Very quick read.
One of the best books I read.
Looking forward to the movie!
Can't wait to watch the movie
Best book I've read in years.
Full of suspense and twisted!
Wow lots of turns, great read
Loved this story , good book.
Perfectly scary and exciting!
I absolutely loved the book!!
Great Read with Great Twists.
This story is simply flawless. Its smart and brutally suspenseful. I have not been able to stop thinking about it even days after reading
A very quick paced compelling read. I couldn't put it down. Kept me guessing right to the very end. Would definitely recommend to others.
It was a good read.  A little slow in some areas.  But none the less a good read.  Didn't expect the ending. I would recommend this book.
Lots of twists and turns! Page turner is an understatement. I would recommend this book and can't wait to read more Gillian Flynn novels.
This book is totally unexpected.  A great read, and worth both the time and the money. I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to all.
Wonderful characters, unrelentingly compelling plot, great writing....This novel is one of the best I've read. I read it quite hungrily.
Could not put it down! Was masterfully written from so many character angles.  I'm still not sure who I ended up rooting for in the end!
Have read all her novels. Her characters are fascinating. Even the ""good guys"" are deliciously flawed, just like the rest of us!
Every time I knew where the story line was going, another twist.  really enjoyed  the book.  looking forward to another by Gillian Flynn
I was sucked in right away with this book. I must have changed who i was rooting for 5 times throughout. Great format for a Great story!
This was a fantastic summer read, very interesting, very well written, and the way the character's stories were detailed was intriguing.
So full of surprises and very much something that could happen today. Maybe it has...fun book.  I would definitely recommend this book.
did not see the ending at all.  well developed characters and a sense of suspense-I read the other books of hers after reading this one
Started reading this book and thought I knew where it was heading....wow, was I wrong! Enjoyed it so much I'm buying more of her books.
I can't say much about Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl without revealing too much about the story. Suffice to say, Gone Girl is an amazing book. Like most books it has slow parts but the vast majority of the book is fast paced and enthralling. I highly recommend Gone Girl and Gillian Flynn's other books. I'm looking forward to reading Flynn's next book.
Great novel! I love the character development and flow of this novel. The writing was superb. I will read other novels by this author.
A twist at every turn......never expected events on every page...Must read to the end, it will surprise you....I promise!!
Don't read the reviews they will spoil the plot so pull out your credit card and just buy the D*** thing trust me you won't regret it.
couldnt put down, a different kind of reading, not the normal mystery, suspense, and hadnt figured it out.  want to read more from her
I really enjoyed the book.  It offers a lot of twists, most unexpected.  It keeps you turning the pages to find out what happens next.
Marvelously written psychological thriller.  Couldn't put it down once I started reading it.  She has the soul of a poet....or a Poe.
I read this book in three days.  It was such a great book.  The suspense, the mystery keeps you wanting more.  I highly recommend it.
Wow, couldn't put this one down! Very good writing and very suspenseful! Loved it!!!!! Gillian love your stories!!! Keep them coming!
I loved this book. It was very interesting and kept your interest. Could not put it down !Would recoment this book to any book lover.
Great novel, I couldn't put it down because I was just dying to know how it ends. The twist is unexpected and keeps you on your toes.
Kept me guessing every turn!
Fast delivery!,  great book.
Awesome.  Couldn't put down.
this is great so many twists
Thriller you can't put down.
Loved it until the ending!!!
Quick read. Hard to put down
Never saw the ending coming!
Good book!! Couldnt put down
Wow! Was not expecting this!
Great book. Lot of suspense.
Couldn't put this book down!
great product, great seller!
Couldn't put this book down!
Good read; loved the ending!
Good read; loved the ending!
Page tuner read it in 2 days
Thoroughly enjoyed the book.
Great book and fast shipping
I couldn't put this one down
Great book in good condition
Great book. Loved the twist.
My daughter loved this book.
Good story - kept me hooked!
Little lo g but suspenseful.
Wasn't expecting it at all!!
Excellent unexpected twists!
Great thriller, well written
Turns and twists throughout.
Good read .. Page turner !!!
I HATED the ending though !!
Not what you would expect!!!
Absolutely loved this book!!
I wlll read again, and again
This book is a page turner!!
Could not put this book down
Can't wait to see the movie.
Now I want to see the movie.
Loved the book and the movie
Five Stars In Every Way*****
Continuous twists and turns.
I simply cannot put it down!
Couldn't put this book down!
love the twists and turns...
Loved it! Exciting thriller.
Couldn't put this book down.
Very well written. Loved it!
Thoroughly entertaining read
Awesome book. Crappy ending.
Great book.  Fantastic read.
Great, couldn't put it down.
Interestingly a good read...
Unexpected twists and turns.
Original in style and form. Wonderful characters that you totally believe in, alternatively loving and hating them. time well spent.
Great book with lots of plot twists.  Was a great read for my book club. You won't predict the ending (don't read ahead and run it!)
Very well written book-keeps your interest.  First time I read this author and thoroughly enjoyed the novel.  Many twists and turns.
This story had so many twists and turns.  Just when you think you have figured out, the plot has another twist. Couldn't put it down
Kept me guessing all the way up to the end! Very twisted!! I couldn't put it down and had to finish it within 2 days of starting it.
This book keeps you guessing. Throughout the book you never know witch character to like or dislike. I couldn't put Gone Girl down!
This is a real page turner. This book had some twists and turns that I didn't see coming. I really couldn't put it down. Good fun.
I thought the book was captivating! The surprise that came halfway through the book completely through me for a loop. A good loop.
This book was so good I didn't want to put it down!  It's the kind of book that keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time.
Loved it.  Worth the read.  Didn't want to put the book down,  if you like a twisted suspense, then I recommend this book for you.
Gillian Flynn weaves an exceptional love/hate mystery. This novel is one you cannot predict....it keeps you running back for more.
Very interesting book and lots of very unexpected twists and turns.  Well written and easy to read.  I would highly recommend it.
Writing was excellent...story line captivates.  Finished this book then read the others by the same author. All were great reads.
One of the best books i've read in awhile. I can't wait to read another book by Gillian Flynn. I'm very excited to see the movie.
This is a wonderfully written thriller.  The twists and turns keep the reader guessing.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.
A novel that keeps you quessing to the very end. Well written with full character development. Want to read more by this author.
It's an extremely well-written and twisted tale. Amazing Amy is really perfect in her own disturbing way. I highly recommend it,
Found it interesting that the author could think of all the twists of the minds of each character.  Not sure I liked the ending.
Definitely a page turner! I had the hardest time putting it down. I would recommend it to anyone! Glad it was recommended to me!
If your looking for something different off your reading list, I highly recommend this! I really enjoyed it. It was a good read.
Gone Girl is definitely worth the read.  I remain a little unsettled by the ending but, overall, a great book full of suspense.
My new favorite writer - nuff said  Hope to see many more books from this talented young writer.  You can't put her stuff down.
Much better than the movie!
Highly recommend this book.
An amazing story. Must read
Great book start to finish.
Couldn't put this book down
This is an awesome thriller
Suspenseful and great read.
Awesome book.  Great price.
Didn't want to put it down.
a page turner till the end!
Absolutely loved this book.
absolutely loved this book.
Cheapest Price On The Net!!
Still reading it, good book
IArrived quickly! Loved it!
Good movie even better book
now I have to see the movie
Great, couldn't put it down
Excellent mind bending book
Edge of your seat exciting!
Didn't want to pug it down!
Loved the twists and turns.
Great mystery with a twist!
kept you reading Great book
creepy book. creepy people.
Suspense, better than movie
So far I can't put it down.
Very special and cruel book
Couldn't put the book down.
GREAT BOOK AND GREAT MOVIE!
WAY better than the movie!!
twists and turns were great
Could not put the book down
I liked this story so much.
can't wait to see the movie
completely heal my interest
Wow!  Most excellent story.
Could not put it down!!!!!!
very interesting story line
Didn't want the book to end
Finished it in one weekend!
A great read! A page turner
Very clever and captivating
Excellent story. I loved it
Good Book. Twist and turns.
Excellent, kept me reading.
Glad I read prior to movie!
Couldn't put the book down!
Great story - well written!
Real page-turner. Loved it!
Very interesting story line
As described, fast shipping
Crisp astounding pageturner
Great , fast paced read :))
A very clever plot..unique!
This is a very well written book about two rancid people, bothof whom are total phonies. It is a testament to the author's skillthat she has made such lowlifes interesting. A deep dive into crazy.Doubtless it will be a movie  Nick-Ryan Gosling  Amy-  Amy Adams  Margo the sister- emma stone  Det. Boney  Clair Danes  Tanner Bolt the lawyer- John Slattery  Nancy Grace playing herself  Desi- Esai Morales  Susan Scheiber- Maggie Gylenhaal  Desi's mother-Glenn Close  Amy's parent- Ted Danson and Mary Steenbergen
Such an amazing book. Kept me in suspense the whole time. Will deffinately buy from this Author again. It should be a movie!!!
Lots of twists and turns in this novel.  You don't know until near the end what really happened!  I would recommend this book.
This was an easy book to read, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The characters were easy to follow, and the plot twist was great.
I thought this book was going to be an average murder mystery but it's not and I loved it for it.  I haven't read any other books by this writer but I will now. I cannot reveal too much about the plot of the book without giving important details away so I will just give a brief overview.  When the book begins, Amy Elliot Dunne, wife of handsome writer Nick Dunne, has gone missing and we see their points of view in different timeframes;  hers through diary entries when they first met in NYC and his through the current day, aka the day she has gone missing.  What we see is a once electrifying love affair which has crumbled into an unhappy marriage - but not is all as it appears.My only gripe really concerns the ending.  I won't give anything away but it was kind of...depressing.  However, the author really develops fascinatingly, complex characters that are gray, not black and white.  I especially so got a kick on her take of only children (I am one) and the ""Cool Girl"" syndrome.  The author as well as the characters keep you on your toes.  Great summer read!
A fun book in a twisted way! Very compelling read, as you are led down a path of truth v. fiction in this crazy relationship.
A very good book....a page turner...good characterization and plot! The surprises in the story made you want to keep reading!
This was our book club pick for April, and we all really enjoyed it. Most of us agreed it takes a while to pick up speed, so if you're feeling like that, don't give up. I suppose I watched too many (all) of the episodes of The Closer, so I correctly guessed ""whodunit,"" but that's a smaller part of the story than you would think! There were twists I didn't see coming despite being well trained by Brenda Leigh Johnson. (I think even she would have been surprised at all that occurs.) Our book club liked the way the story's narration switched back and forth from the husband's thoughts to Gone Girl's diary entries. This Gilian Flynn is one smart chick! I heard she self-published this book. I just did that with my own little book of humorous essays here on amazon, and if I could sell a third of the number Gone Girl has sold, I'd be gone girl, over-the-moon, hot-Krispy-Kremes-at-every-meal kinda happy! (It's titled ""Aging With Ungirdled Passion"" if you're looking for a fun beach read or girlfriend gift!) Anyhoo, Gone Girl has sold well for good reason!
Very exciting book! The Author keeps you guessing  there are lots of twist and turns in the story. Definitely worth reading.
I literally just finished book and I am going to read it again immediately!! Highly recommend!! You will not be disappointed
It is no wonder this is a book club favorite.  It is just that good!  Won't give any more details; you just have to read it.
Loved the book, hated most of the characters. It kept you guessing until the very end. Quirky and interesting relationships.
My daughter purchased this for me and it is  very good book to read and it is very exciting mystery, I couldn't put it down.
This was a page-turner with lots of surprises.  There was such a long waiting list at the library that I decided to buy it.
Kept me guessing right until the end - impossible to put down! Wickedly perverse and engaging -  would definitely recommend
Kept me on the edge of my seat.  Could not put it down.  I have since ordered two other books from Amazon by Gillian Flynn.
This is an awesome read. It is a very insightful approach to human relationships in marriage. Lots of twist and very smart.
This was a wonderful read.  Very interesting plot and a surprising ending.  I loved it, and would recommend it to everyone.
I loved all the books this Author has written..could not put them down and Ithink Gone Girl would make a great movie!
Started off not liking this but was very soon hooked and couldn't put it down. A satisfactorily twisted ending. Excellent.
This is one of the best books I've read in quite some time. It kept me up late into the night, and on the edge of my seat.
This book kept me on the edge. I totally thought I knew what was going on and then something else would happen. Great read
Very good read. I loved the double narrations.  Very insane read get ready for a twist loved the book ending not soo much.
What a story this one was!
Loved it, kept me guessing
Great book. Good condition
Even better than the movie
second favorite book ever.
GREAT BOOK AND GREAT MOVIE
Surprising and unexpected.
Very much enjoyed the book
Much better than the movie
Great book, love the twist
An amazing book and story.
Amazing, captivating read!
Excellent, thrilling read!
Is there gonna be a sequel
It was a fascinating read.
Wow.  Never saw it coming.
Much better than the movie
Great novel! Amy is crazy!
Good read!  Like her books
Just like the movie Great!
Much better than the movie
Couldn't have been better!
Had me holding my breath!!
Enjoyed the book very much
Quite a kick...I loved it!
Just couldn't put it down!
Loved it, very intriguing.
Great writing, wierd story
Great Novel wonderful read
Good read, lots of twists.
Great book very intriguing
Engaging and plot twisting
Suspense...thriller...wow!
Thrilling! And unexpected!
I loved the writing style.
Lots of unexpected twists.
Unpredictable entertaining
Absolutely loved the book!
enjoyed the book surprises
Really kept your attention
Griping keeps you reading!
A REALLY GREAT BOOK!!!!!!!
Suspenseful to the end....
couldn't put the book down
Great book, great service.
Best Mind twist book ever!
Disappointd when it ended.
A disturbing but good read
Did not like the ending!!!
Twisted... Very twisted...
Love the twists and turns!
The suspense was fantastic
Really enjoyed the writing
Couldn't put the book down
Edge of your seat reading.
Amazing book.  Qucik read.
I also enjoyed this book!!
From start to finish this book was awesome. When I wasnt reading it I was thinking about the characters. Just awesome!!!!
Well-written, disturbing but interesting and many twists and turns. A must-read. You will stay up all night to finish it!
Haven't read a book this great in a while.  Def. going to order the rest of her books.  Lots of twists and great writing.
A very interesting story. Keeps your attention.  One of the best books I have read in awhile. Cannot wait for the movie.
A wonderful, thrilling book!! Lots of twists and turns, and you will never believe the ending!! This book was wonderful!
one of those books that grab you from the first page.  Unique writing style...can't wait to read more of Flynn's novels!
This was really good. Just when I thought I had everything figured out, there was another twist. Will there be a sequel?
Loved this book -- couldn't put it down.  Fast paced, extremely clever and well written!  I laughed out loud many times!
Great read! Lots of unpredictable twists and turns. Would be a great book club read because it appeals to broad audience
A novel you won't want to put down. It reads fast with exciting twists and turns. Good format to keep you turning pages.
It catches you right away and keeps surprising you! Well written! You really relate to the characters and feel for them.
I have only one word about this novel - Wow.  Best fiction I've read in a very long time.  A page turner on every level.
Great Book.  Could not put it down. I am going to look for other books written by my new favorite author, Gillian Flynn.
Unexpected and appropriate ending I appreciated that, well written good story lives up to the hype. Good read for sure.
this is a wonderfully crafted mystery.  Can't say I cared much for either main character, but absolutely love the book.
Gone in a flash. Very quick, page-turning, beach read that will have you on the edge of your chair all the way through.
Good book; good story line and kept me interested with an on going pace I like. I have suggested others I know read it!
Suspenseful, quick, and easy read! It keeps you wondering what is the truth and what is going to happen next! Loved it!
A lot of great twists and turns, hell hath no fury like a woman scorned...especially a psychopath.  Very creepy ending.
I absolutely loved this book.  Could not put it down.  Could not have guessed where the story was leading.  Fantastic!!
If you enjoyed Sharp Objects, you will LOVE this book. This is my absolute favorite book by Gillian Flynn. A must read!
this book is fictional yet is more closely related to today's news headlines, read it many months ago and the characters, plots, their thoughts, their words still echo in my mind. My reading covers a wide genre of reading materials from the classics to the new age.  I read @ least one book a week, a variety of well known fiction authors, and not so well known authors,  factual books based on years of research, fantasy books by Tolkien and George R. R. Martin. Have greatly enjoyed a Great (!!!) number of books read this year and a favorite is indeed near impossible to find. However, ""Gone Girl"" by Gillian Welch does indeed break the mold - fabulous read, unexpected twists, fantastic for it it leaves the reader off balance.  Have we readers grown so accustomed to the book going along in a neat little package deal?  Gillian Welch threw a wench in the book writing process I found delightful!  Fantastic for her!  Reading more of Ms Welch these days too and quite enjoying each book!!  Bit of advice try this one.
Loved the characters, loved the twists.  It had me from the very start.  I'm looking forward to more from this author.
Very good book!! Lots of twists and turns! Would highly recommend this book! I plan to read more books by this author!
This was a great story with a lot of twists and turns! It kept me interested and I couldn't believe all the surprises!
Fast delivery, good quality and good price. It was everything I was looking for, the product met all my expectations.
very interesting book. I enjoyed it and am looking forward to seeing the moviehope you like it as much as I did
Astounding! Did Nick kill Amy? or didn't he? So many twists...it's difficult to predict what is going to happen next.
Really good story with twists and turn you would never expect. What a girl! What a marriage! Page turner and fun read
This book was one of the most fast-paced, interesting thrillers I've ever read. I loved it and didn't want it to end!
Excellent book and movie.
best seller for a reason.
I really liked this book.
Wow, that was a thriller!
Enjoyed reading this book
loved the twist and turns
Loved every minute of it.
Excellent suspense novel!
Well written. Great plot.
Riveting start to finish.
Could hardly put it down!
A changeling story. GreAt
Really enjoying the book.
Amazing Amy. Enough said.
AMAZING WRITING!!! ENJOY!
Great book well written!!
Could hardly put it down.
great book Sorry it ended
Outstanding--a must read!
Twisted, surprise ending.
Way better than the movie
Twisted. Totally twisted.
Lots of turns and twists.
Edge of your seat drama!!
Great story!  Great read!
Great read. Lots of fun!!
Hope the movie is as good
could not put down.......
I am reading it right now
Never ending plot twists!
great read, fast shipping
It was def a page turner!
Full of unexpected twist.
This book was a good read
Great read, very twisted.
The ending blew me away !
Lots of twists and turns!
Still reading so far good
Definitely a page turner!
Couldn't stop reading it!
Full of unexpected twists
Truly enjoyed reading it.
Great book!  Many twists.
So many twist and turns!!
Loved it. Lots of twists.
Gone Girl is a must read.
Can't  wait for the movie
Awesome twists and turns!
disturbing, but excellent
Be ready for a wild ride!
wow, keept you interested
most unique book I have ever read. I couldn't put it down!! read it in one weekend! definitely keeps surprising you.
A total twister! A must read. If you are considering to read this as a man it might just be the scariest thing ever!
This book should be on everyone's wish list! You'll be on the edge of your seat even after you've finished the book.
At first I thought it was a love story.  Then there was a big turnaround.  I'm not quite finished, but I can't wait.
this book is a page turner.  it makes you think about your personal marriage and what you could do to make it better
It was a great book - each chapter was a different characters point of view. It kept me guessing until the very end!
Such great twists! Definitely keeps you on your toes and guessing the whole time. Great read! Couldn't put it down!
Innovative way to tell a story with a lot of twists and turns. I found it difficult to stop reading once I started.
This book was hard to put down. I am especially impressed with the twist in the story. I recommend this to anyone.
I'm only half way through it, but can't put it down (except to write this review!). Best I've read in a long time.
This was a fabulous read.  The book was a terrific page turner from start to finish.  It comes highly recommended.
Not characters you really 'like' but wasn't able to put it down all the same.  Wonder what they are up to now ...
I absolutely loved this book.  I couldn't put it down.  It kept me thinking the entire time.  It is a must read!!
Brilliant writing!  I love a book that is hard for me to put down.  Waiting for the movie!!  I hope there is one.
Book was amazing, definitely a page turner.  Could not put it down!  Men and women would enjoy reading this book.
Loved it!!!!!
Buy it you will be awesome at the end!  Not a fast pace reading more than a slow motion situation but thrilling!
Remember the movie with Glenn Close as the jilted lover?  You really do not know whom to root for in this novel.
Great read with a new spin on relationships and love.  A smart and well paced thriller that does not disappoint!
Couldn't put it down!!!!
Wonderful book and plot.
Good book, weird ending!
Love love love this book
Full of twists and turns
Crazy book / crazy movie
Good book. Saw the movie
Great book and movie!!!!
Unbelievable! Great read
Good book but crazy plot
Good plot. Good content.
This book was fantastic!
Great book. Crazy ending
Awesome book, must read!
lots of twists and turns
Great book, page turner.
Love it.  Looks awesome.
Great. Hard to put down.
Cant put this book down!
Really enjoyed this one!
Our daughter loves it!!!
Great Item, As Described
Excellent! Spellbinding!
cannot  comment was gift
good good book must read
Loved it, very creative.
Did not like the ending!
Very thought provoking .
dont  piss off the Mrs!!
Great suspenseful novel.
Great book! A must read!
Really kept me guessing.
Arrived with no problems
...couldn't put it down!
lots of twists and turns
Very intense. Loved It!!
intense but a good novel
Worse then fifty shades.
Good read.  Suspenseful.
Suspenseful page turner.
Lots to twist, and turns
Good relationship novel!
Better than the movie :)
Excellent storytelling!!
Brilliant book loved it!
I couldn't put it down !
This book is excellence.
Not scary, just awesome.
Page turner at its best!
Could not put this down!
quite a twist. Loved it!
great book and fast read
Great book...unexpected!
Can't wait to see movie.
I was hooked. Good book!
What a great book! It's a page turn, we at book club had fun reading and discussing about it. Really good book.
My first time to read Gillian Flynn.  She makes you like both characters, so who should you trust?  Great Book.
Loved this book just as much as the others.  Not as dark as Sharp Objects or Dark Places, but just as twisted!
Deranged. Creepy. Anxiety ridden. All things this book have. I LOVED IT! Kept me hooked every step of the way.
Once I got to the middle of the book, I could not put it down.  I will finish it today.  Very good quick read.
Odd story line but couldn't put it down! I recommend reading if you are looking for a different kind of book.
A fantastic murder mystery. Chick lit with a brilliant creepy sinister underlying tone. An example of the best two opening paragraphs of any novel I have ever read. Both man and wife narrate the story between alternating chapters. And the two characters have their own voice (Flynn really switches up her writing style between the two narrators--a hard thing to do). Flynn nails both the female and male perspective on love, dating, marriage, and the rules of attraction. She really makes you cheer for this love affair to succeed. And then halfway through the novel (not a spoiler) she flips the entire thing on its head, making you question everything you've read up to that point, even making you feel like an idiot for buying into why these two people fell in love in the first place. I can tell the author has studied how romance grows from both the woman's perspective all the way down to the male Pick-Up-Artist tricks. Just spot on.
I did not order or get this....don't know why it is here?  Maybe my husband did??  I will check with him....
First heard about this book on the The View. Woopie you were right. It held my interest all the way through.
Keeps you in suspense. You go back and forth not Knowing what to believe. Buy it.  You won't be dissapointed
Lots of twists and turns.  Good read!  I have been wanting to read it for a long time and just finished it.
I loved this book. I didn't know who to cheer for- Amy or Nick? This book keeps you thinking until the end.
Great book. Great deal!
What a talented writer.
great who done it book.
Suspense until the end.
could not stop reading!
What an amazing book!!!
I couldn't put it down.
great suspenseful read!
Much better then movie.
I couldn't put it down!
Couldn't stop reading!!
My wife loved the book.
Good movie, great book!
Now to see the movie...
Enjoyed the book a lot.
Many unexpected twists!
Great twist at the end.
In love with this book.
Wow! What a great book.
Loved it!  A must read!
The book is amazing!!!!
Great......page turner!
No Comments Good Or Bad
Could not put it down!!
Mind twisting, loved it
waist of tme reading it
I couldn't put it down!
Did not like the ending
Just great!! loved it!!
so far,very good story.
quite a creative author
I couldn't put it down!
Awesome story telling!!
Intersting....different
A first-class thriller.
I'm in team nick.  Duh.
A Hard Book To Put Down
Suspenseful, crazy good
Couldn't put it down...
Disturbingly addicting.
Engaging and enigmatic!
Interesting, good book!
Page turner.  Fun read.
Keeps you on your toes!
Keeps you on your toes!
cant wait to see movie.
could not put book down
Great suspenseful read!
Fabulous. Just read it!
Absolutely brilliant...
Surprising and gripping
I enjoyed it very much!
I couldn't put it down!
Twisting turn of events
Could not put it down!!
Great story, a page turner. Would find myself coming back to the book as often as I can. Highly recommend.
The roller coaster of emotion this story brings out in a reader is a wonderful ride! Don't miss out on it!
What an exciting book, I was sad when I finished the book.  I hope there is a second book coming out soon.
It normally takes me a few weeks to finish a book. I finished this one in a week. I could not put it down!
This book had me from the beginning. It moved through several twists and turns and had a nice style to it.
this was the best book i have read in a long time! i simply could not put it down and i def recommend it!
The author has quite an imagination! It held my interest up to the very end. Couldn't put the book down!
Really a page turner. Couldn't put it down. Can't wait to read flynns other work. You should buy it too.
Gone Girl is the ultimate beach/long flight book. The writing is riveting, compelling, and the characters deeply developed. The reader will in turn shiver, laugh, gape,and shake their head in reaction to these diabolical chararacters. Readers will also enjoy the roller coaster ride guessing and changing their minds as to figuring out the real story, and at times guiltily rooting for the victim-whoever the perceived victim is at any given time in this story! Enjoy the ride!
I purchased this book on a whim and it was finished in one day.  It was difficult to put the book down!
I can see why this is on the top of the fiction list. Lots of twists and turns. Absolutely recommended.
Perfect fix for our Sony wireless TV headphones. Now we don't have to buy new every 2 yrs! Easy to do!
Great book a must read
Read it in two nights!
Griping and brilliant!
Great book, fast read.
I have been living it!
Griping and insightful
Really enjoyable read.
Loved each OMG moment.
Better than the movie!
Amazing and quick read
Wow what a great book.
Wow, keep them coming!
Could not put it down.
This was a great book.
Couldn't out it down !
Enjoyed the book alot.
Well done.  Intricate.
Couldn't put it down!!
LOVED, LOVED this book
Great book a must read
Better than the movie!
Expect the unexpected.
Better than the movie.
Pretty darn good book.
A very suprise ending.
Amazing book...period!
Wonderful plot twists!
Very intriguing story!
Page turner, fun read.
Great Book...riveting!
Good book. Interesting
Best book ever!!!!!!!!
good book, good price.
Could not put it down!
Never wanted it to end
Fantastic! Great read!
Mind blowing, amazing!
Loved this book!!!!!!!
great recommend Highly
better than the movie!
Intense & Frightening!
Awesome book!!!!!!!111
awesome twisted story.
Yep, its good alright.
Could not put it down.
great read  quick read
Chilling and exciting!
Could not put it down!
A mind-fuck. Loved it.
Could not put it down!
Could not put it. Down
Better than the movie!
could not put it down!
enjoyed book very much
Could not put it down.
Excellent. Great read!
Guitar is breathtaking
Chilling & so so good!
Couldn't put it down!!
Good, quick reading!!!
Could not put it down!
very interesting story
Couldn't put it down!!
So good. Very gripping
amazing book! lobef it
Would be a good movie.
Could not put it down.
Could not put it down!
Thoroughly enjoyed it.
This was a great read, and it kept me interested from start to finish. I did not want to put it down!
I could not put this book done. It has all kinds of twists and turns and a surprise in every chapter.
This story was fabulous. One second you're rooting for the cute couple...then you are hating him, then hating her, then loving her, feeling bad for him, hating them both. Each character has flaws, secrets, and major defects that they hid at the begining, then fester when they can't keep up the act.***************SPOILER BELOW**************Each twist and turn in the investigation look worse and worse for Nick, until it is clear that he wasn't involved. Amy is a carefully planned sociopath, and she plans so far ahead that it seems that there's no way that he could possibly look innocent. Nick finds a way to turn it around, clear his name, but cant seem to get rid of Amy. He hates her, but can't live without her. She has too much damning evidence of things he didn't even do.Don't download this if you're not prepared to stay up til 3am!
**NOTE: This review contains some SPOILERS**A friend recommended me this book, and I was markedly skeptical. First, I do not always trust this friend in the way of book recommendations (or movie recommendations or food recommendations, for that matter). Strike one. Also, I had heard a movie was in the works and one of the main characters was going to be played by Ben Affleck. Strike two. But before I could find a third strike, I decided to begin reading. And I hardly stopped until I was done.This is a mystery book MADE for mystery lovers. You quickly realize (**SPOILER ALERT**) that the narrator (both narrators, as a matter of fact) are unreliable, that protagonist and antagonist are useless definitions, and that Gillian Flynn loves playing games with your heart and mind. I loved this book, and I loved Flynn's writing style. Excellent read.
I read this book in 1 day because I couldn't put it down!  Gillian Flynn is my new favorite author.
My wife wanted this book for Christmas is why Im buying it.  She tells me everyone is reading it!
This was a great book. It was the first book I read on my Kindle and I loved it. Shocking ending.
Great book.  Unusual.
recommend/suspenseful
one of the best books
Disturbing! Loved it.
Intense and wonderful
Couldn't put it down.
very nice - top marks
Great for older teens
Very interesting plot
Very cleverly written
This was a good book.
Very interesting book
Good story, loved it.
This book is amazing!
Couldn't put it down!
Loved the plot twist!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
A quick, creepy read.
Loved it! Great book!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Wonderfully imagined!
Great product!!!!!!!!
Good book, good movie
As good as the movie!
A great who done it..
could not put it down
nice twist.  A thnker
Definite page turner!
Couldn't put it down.
sister loved the book
Amazing. A must read.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Great all throughout!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
Awesome! A must read.
Better than the movie
Strange but good book
I enjoyed the book...
What a fantastic book
Better than the Movie
Couldn't put it down!
great book quick read
Wow!  Great thriller!
good book right price
Better than the movie
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Great Book. Loved it!
Loved the thriller!!!
better then the moive
Crazy but a good read
page turner for sure!
Couldn't put it down.
Absolutely great read
could not put it down
Could not put it down
Dark twisted and fun!
Couldn't put it down!
Better than the movie
What a riveting book!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
could not put it down
A real page turner...
This book is amazing!
Couldn't put it down!
Academy award winner.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Absolutely loved it!!
Couldn't put it down.
This book was insane!
Good to the last drop
Couldn't put it down!
Could not put it down
Could not put it down
couldn't put it down!
It was a page turner.
Couldn't put it down.
This book is so good.
Great book. Loved it.
Surprises throughout.
Couldn't put it down.
Dark but interesting.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
couldn't put it down!
One can see why it has stayed on the top ten in Books in the New York Times. Excellent writing.
Hard to like the characters, but an interesting story that is well told...it kept me guessing.
Great detailed story
Couldnt put it down!
Purchased as a gift.
Just like the movie.
Roller coaster ride!
Great book. Love it.
Loved all the twists
Beautifully written.
great suspense novel
Good book, easy read
Couldn't put it down
Perfect as described
Very different book.
This is a great book
Murder in the family
Awesome! Wow! Crazy!
Wow.....but twisted!
Excellant! Loved it!
Crazy and satisfying
Couldn't put it down
Does not disappoint.
Loved loved loved it
Enjoyed it very much
Couldn't put it down
So twisted but good.
Wow-  yep, just wow-
Very creepy story!!!
Can't put this down.
Hard to put down!!!!
Amazing amazing book
Couldn't put it down
As good as it gets.
Read this in 2 days.
Wonderfully written!
loved all the twists
OMG  what a thriller
Excellent thriller!!
Kept you in suspence
Twisted and amazing!
Awesome book to read
Brilliantly written!
Never a dull moment.
So so good. Read it.
I really enjoyed it!
very surprise ending
Never saw it coming.
enjoyed this as well
GREAT BOOK LOVED IT.
twist ending so good
brand new condition!
Twisty and riveting.
Such a twisted tale.
This plays with your head...a real psycho drama.  Loved it..  The movie pales in comparison
This book was so striking, it's no wonder everyone I knew was talking about it. Without giving away too much, I will simply say that the author was a master of deception, because not only does she have characters who deceive each other, but we, the readers, were deceived as well (I mean this in a positive way). I found myself switching sides because of this, with strong feelings about the behaviors of each character. While many people I know had issues about the ending, I have to say that in a lot of ways there was a certain reality to it, with possible potential for a sequel. It's the kind of book you think about for a long time after you read it. You'll find yourself losing sleep over it, and wanting to talk about it with friends. This would be a great choice for a book club to read.
Once I got going in this book, I couldn't put it down and read the bulk of it in two days.  I love Harlan Coben books as well and Gillian Flynn seems to love adding tons of plot twists like he does.  The characters were so well written, you feel like you are really inside their heads.  She writes just as well from the male perspective as she does from the female perspective.  I would highly recommend this book.
I found this novel engaging as both a mystery and a psychological study. In fact, I can't think of any element which was in the least disappointing. The characters are well drawn out and believable and the storyline, although surprising and unique, is made believable by Gillian Flynn's expert storytelling.I plan on reading more of Ms Flynn's work which I hope is as engaging as this novel.
A fast read could not put it down. Some do not like the end but I thought it was great.
Not expected ending
L-O-V-E-D LOVED IT!
Good book and movie
Really really good!
so much fun to read
A magnificent book!
Great read...a must
Very suspenseful  !
A real page turner!
Wonderfully written
A real page turner!
blew my little mind
A real page turner.
Kept me entertained
A fabulous read!!!!
E-book (read it!!!)
